{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572067", "title": "Toll fee hike may hit water supply on Old Mamallapuram Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Supply of drinking water to the Old Mamallapuram Road (OMR) area could come to a halt as tanker lorry owners have threatened to go on a strike against the toll fee hike on OMR. The state government has hiked the toll fee in the stretch between Madhya Kailash and Siruseri, around 20km away, with effect from Sunday. Offices of several IT companies are also situated in the area.As per the revised fee, one has to pay 7 for a three-wheeler for single trip. Earlier, it was 6. Similarly, one has to pay 20 (earlier 17) for a car, 34 (earlier 28) for a van, 54 (earlier 44) for a bus, 80 (earlier 66) for a truck, and 160 (earlier 132) for a multi-axle vehicle. Two-wheelers, however, have been exempted from the toll fee.Fees for multi trips have also been increased. \"The revised toll fee will be in force till June 30, 2014. The toll rates were fixed for a period of 30 years \u2014 till June 30, 2036 with an increase of 10% on existing rates every two years,\" said an official of the Tamil Nadu Road Development Company (TNRDC), which maintains the stretch. Motorists including tanker lorries are unhappy with the toll fees hike. They said without completing the repair between SRP Tools and Siruseri, it is unfair to collect a toll, leave alone increasing the fee. The TNRDC is yet to complete laying storm water drains, ducts for multiple cable lines and service lanes between SRP Tools and Siruseri.\"The rise in the toll fee affects our livelihood. We are against the toll itself. A decision on further course of action will be taken on Monday,\" said N Nijalingam, president, South Chennai Private Tanker Lorries Association. At least 500 private tankers ply between Madhya Kailash and Siruseri a day to distribute drinking water to residents and IT companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14567756", "title": "10% water cut to be on for a week", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is likely to continue with the 10% water cut for another week. The curb was imposed from Sunday, with the catchment area-the four lakes providing water to the city are situated there-not receiving adequate rainfall in the past few days. The civic body will now closely monitor the rainfall in the area before lifting the water cut.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"We plan to continue with the water cut for another six to seven days, even as we monitor the scene at the catchment area. If it starts raining, the lakes are likely to fill up soon.\"Currently, the civic body has enough stock to last till July 15. If the water cut was continued for another week, the civic body would manage to increase the reserve for another day and if it was continued for 15 days, the stock would go up for two days, a senior official said.According to officials, past 10 years' trend indicates that the city receives heavy rainfall in July. \"The next few days are crucial for us as we have always noticed that we receive good rainfall in July,\" added Jalota.The civic body will reduce water supply from four sources-Bhatsa, Modak Sagar, Tansa and Upper Vaitarna lakes-by 10%. Subsequently, the quantity of water reaching the treatment plants will also reduce. As far as consumers are concerned, the civic body will alter the supply timings. For instance, if a consumer receives four-hour supply (240 minutes), now, it will be cut down by 25 minutes. The water pressure is also likely to be affected. \"The most-affected consumers will be the ones at the fag end of the water supply chain,\" said a senior civic official.According to the hydraulics department, Upper Vaitarna and Modak Sagar can provide water for the next 56 days, Tulsi 104 days, Bhatsa 115 days and Vihar 75 days. The current levels of the lakes is slightly above the minimum level required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571516", "title": "Despite fewer buses, Metropolitan Transport Corporation's death rate overtakes other fleets", "text": "CHENNAI: MTC operates far fewer buses than transport operators in Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai but its vehicles are involved in many more mishaps than buses in any of these cities.State-run bus undertakings across the country are notorious for fatal accidents, but statistics indicate that MTC is the worst of the lot.The corporation has 3,500 buses and its vehicles caused accidents that claimed 112 lives in 2011. Vehicles of Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC), which has over 5,700 buses, were involved in mishaps that left 83 people dead the same year. Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) has 6,500 buses and its vehicles were responsible for 69 road deaths last year.Though investigation into the Anna Flyover mishap is ongoing, MTC officials have claimed that the bus was in perfect condition and the police have suggested speeding as the cause of the accident. However, commuters say both the corporation's poorly maintained buses and the rash drivers are to be blamed for making roads in the city unsafe.\"MTC drivers behave as though the rules do not apply to them. They jump signals without caring for the safety of other road users,\" said Ezhilarasi, a resident of T Nagar.Officials of the corporation and the traffic police say that they conduct refresher courses and yoga classes for MTC drivers. The drivers are clearly not learning much. According to statistics from the Chennai Traffic Police, there has been steady increase in the number of people killed by MTC buses every year, except in 2008 and 2009, and an annual rise in accidents without fatalities. Police records show that 107 people were killed in Chennai in 2007 and 112 in 2011.Bangalore police officials say the number of deaths caused by BMTC buses has been decreasing over the years. \"At least 100 people died every year till 2010. But half the year has gone by in 2012 and only 35 people have died in mishaps involving BMTC buses,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) M A Saleem.\"Every time a bus leaves the depot, the driver's blood alcohol level is checked,\" he said.In April and May, the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply &amp; Transport Undertaking (BEST) reported 100 accidents of which only four were fatal. \"Our figures are the lowest in the country and among the lowest in the world,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. A few years ago, BEST buses caused 90 fatal mishaps annually. This has now reduced to 30 fatal crashes per year.BEST, which has a total fleet size of 4,686, uses speed governors that ensure that buses don't go over 50kmph. Only drivers with five years of experience or more are allowed to drive on busy routes.Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) took several measures to curb an extremely fatal accident rate in the '90s. \"We have stepped up prosecutions against DTC buses following. Many of these buses have been found plying without speed governors and we have brought this to DTC's notice,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said. DTC has a fleet of 5,727 buses and its vehicles were involved in mishaps that led to 83 deaths in 2011.(With inputs from Arun Dev in Bangalore and Somit Sen in Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14592571", "title": "AGP slams Centre, demands Rs 30,000 cr flood relief package", "text": "GUWAHATI: Slamming the government over its \"negligence\" in providing succour to victims of the latest flood in Assam, Asom Gana Parishad on Sunday demanded that Centre to extend a special package of Rs 30,000 crore for flood relief in the state.AGP general secretary Durga Das Bodo said that flood and erosion should be declared as \"national problem.\"\"Rather than shedding crocodile tears, the Centre should announce a special package of Rs 30,000 crore for flood relief in Assam,\" Bodo said.Bodo said that the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, instead of taking stock of the situation, should provide for the latest flood-mitigation technology to the state.\"Despite the fact the 61 persons have lost their live on account of the flood, the state government has adopted a passive attitude. At a time when the state is facing calamity, chief minister Tarun Gogoi is undertaking a visit to the US,\" Bodo said.The AGP also alleged that many affected areas in the state, including places in Goalpara district, had not been provided relief materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600246", "title": "Women have trouble respecting themselves", "text": "Low self-esteem and the negative internal chatter that comes with it weighs down many women, it has been revealed.This negativity can limit the activities they get involved in, the clothes they wear, the career opportunities they pursue and their ability to make friends.It can also influence their choice of partner and what they're prepared to put up with from the people in their lives.\"Low self-esteem can mean that people don't treat us as well as they should,\" the Herald Sun quoted Relationships Australia psychologist Danielle Ollington as saying.\"We have a vulnerability or sense of fragility about us that enables people to cross boundaries they perhaps wouldn't cross with someone else,\" Ollington said.According to Ollington, it's often because they're still carrying around messages from childhood, such as taunts from siblings or the things their parents did or didn't say.\"Overly critical parents can leave us with a sense that we'll never be good enough,''\" she said.\"While overprotective parents may have given us the message that the world is a dangerous place and we can't manage independently,\" she said.Abuse, suffered as a child or in adult relationships, can also erode self-esteem. Children who lose a parent through divorce or death or who feel neglected are also prone to self-esteem problems in later life.Ollington says self-esteem issues often emerge at times of challenge and change, such during adolescence, after becoming a parent, during menopause and at times of grief.It can be linked to depression and anxiety problems and can create a feeling of emptiness which sufferers often try to fill with alcohol, drugs, sexual encounters and other addictive behaviours.Ollington says it's important to note that women can have high self-esteem in some areas of their life and low in others, such as a woman who feels strong and purposeful at work but defeated on the home front, or vice versa.Negative thoughts and self talk are common signs. Others include comparing yourself unfavourably to others, not looking after your physical or mental health , not wanting to look at yourself in the mirror, not doing or trying something because you've already decided it won't end well and often feeling worthless and inadequate.A key to improving poor self-esteem is to challenge negative self beliefs and replace them with positive affirmations and acceptance, Ollington says.\"Being in charge of our mind is one of the greatest powers we have,\" she said.\"Catch yourself when you think negative thoughts and change them to something more positive like 'I accept all the different parts of myself',\" Ollington said.Relaxation techniques, such as yoga and meditation, a greater awareness of your own needs and a commitment to looking after yourself physically, psychologically, emotionally, spiritually and professionally are also important for boosting self worth.Physical care includes eating well, exercising, getting enough sleep and taking any necessary medication. Psychological care might involve writing in a journal, making time for self reflection or having therapy.Spending time with people who make you feel good and indulging in activities you enjoy can help meet emotional needs, while spiritual care might include spending time with nature, allowing yourself to be inspired, getting involved in worthy causes and praying.Taking breaks, chatting to colleagues, balancing your workland and finding exciting and rewarding tasks can improve self-esteem at work.And finally, Ollington recommends striving for a balance in your work, family, relationships, play, and rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14579379", "title": "Pregnant women should get thyroid tests: Study", "text": "LUDHIANA: Any woman less than 20 weeks pregnant (in her first trimester of pregnancy) should undergo thyroid screening as even a moderate thyroid dysfunction during early pregnancy can significantly increase the risk of complications. This has been found in a recent study conducted by Dr Jubbin Jacob of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) on pregnant women in Ludhiana.According to Dr Jubbin, associate professor and acting head of endocrine and diabetes unit, \"The study found that even mild thyroid dysfunction could greatly increase the risk of serious problems. Women with mild thyroid dysfunction had double the risk of miscarriage, premature labour or low birth weight as compared to pregnant women with normal thyroid function. They also have seven times greater risk of still birth.\"Dr Jubbin said the findings add to the increasing evidence that all pregnant women should be screened for thyroid dysfunction within the first trimester of getting pregnant. \"In my study, I evaluated 1,000 pregnant women of Ludhiana. Normal thyroid function was identified in 533 patients and 263 had mild dysfunction. The remaining patients were diagnosed with hypothyroidism and were taken out from the study for treatment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14579129", "title": "The Melodious medicos", "text": "LUDHIANA: It wouldn't be an exaggeration if you say 'rock' and 'metal' is what is playing in the i-Pods and cell phones of most medical college students as it is musicians from these colleges who have come together on most occasions to collaborate with fellow musicians and take the challenge of performing as a band.About six bands have come up among the future doctors from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) and Christian Medical College and Hospital (DMCH). Each band has a different reason which brought its members together. While some found music as the best relief from academic stress, others sought to satisfy their creative urge. For some, it was a means of proving that doctors are not just nerds but can get people to head-banging too. TOI meets the medicos cum musicians.Chronic RRReignThis five piece band of third year MBBS students from DMCH came together in November 2011 and was named so as the medicos wanted medical term 'chronic' in it and 'RRReign' includes the initials of their names. The band comprises Nilanshu Kataria on vocals and rhythm guitar, Gurveer Singh on vocals, Rohan Bowry on drums, Rajat Paul on lead guitars, Ritansh Bansal on bass guitar and Ritesh Verma on keyboard. The band had won the hearts of students with their metal covers and Hindi rock numbers during their college's cultural fest in February this year. Their cover of \"Sajni\" by Jal of Pakistan was an instant hit among medicos. They have also had their gigs at Government Medical college (GMC) in Chandigarh and Amritsar recently.Black IcePre-final year MBBS students from DMCH Jishu Kaul (vocals), Jovan Saini (guitars), Gunvir Saini (drums), Shaurya Sehgal (bass guitars) and Sidhant Kukreja (guitars) came together in January 2012 to form this five piece band. Black Ice sing soft rock, hip-hop English and Bollywood numbers.SyndromeThis four piece band of DMCH doctors who are interning at present is called so because the members wanted to go with a medical term. Ashishpal Singh plays rhythm guitar and gives vocals to Syndrome while Kanwar Dhami beats the drums, Anirudh Jindal plays the lead guitar and Shubham Syal plays the bass. Old school hard metal is Syndrome's forte and their own compositions draw inspiration from books and novels.NystagmedsThis band is the musical expression of six third year MBBS students from CMCH who have been jamming together since 2008. Their name, they say, refers to a medical condition during which eye lens jerks when seeing a flashy thing.The band comprises Abhijeet on piano, Aaron on a violin, Naveen on lead guitar, Rohit Salim on rhythm guitar, Joyance on bass guitar, Aman on drums and Sanish and Felix on vocals. They mostly play soft English and Bollywood numbers.CyclotronsFive pre-final year MBBS students from CMCH are Cyclotrons since 2009. They are named after physics term 'cyclotron', which is an accelerator. Jiju, George, Max, Leo and Reno are all vocalists while Rohit plays guitar, Jude beats the drums and Jesse plays the keyboard. Their Indian music during college functions and in inter-college festivals is a rage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14568621", "title": "FIR against Medanta for medical negligence", "text": "GURGAON: A case of culpable homicide has been lodged by Gurgaon police against a team of doctors at Medanta Medicity. Delhi-based businessman, Rohit Chadha (40), was the donor for a liver transplant to be performed on his brother-in-law. Chadha, died during the operation.Police said Rohini resident Suman Chadha had filed a complaint at Sadar police station on June 27, and an FIR was on June 30. She had alleged doctors' negligence led to Chadha's death.The hospital reports obtained by the deceased's family mentions he was not fit to donate his liver, according to the FIR. The doctors were aware of Chadha's condition and had still cut out as much as 69% of his liver, which was then transplanted to his brother-in-law and caused his death, the FIR adds.It was only after Chadha's condition deteriorated that his family was informed. They alleged that the transplant was undertaken purely for \"commercial reasons\".Medanta chairman Dr Naresh Trehan said, \"I can't comment unless I know the deatils of this case. Presently I am out of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14577991", "title": "Alok Gupta murder: 6 months on, victim's kin await justice", "text": "PANCHKULA: Six months on, parents of Alok Gupta, a resident of Sector 21 in Panchkula who was murdered by some assailants at Canada on the eve of Christmas, are still waiting for justice for their only son. \"We are still waiting for justice. Every month we get a call from the Canada Police and they give a standard reply 'we are investigating the case'. Who knows, the assailants might have even fled by now,\" said Hari Vansh Gupt, father of Alok Gupta.\"We have nothing but memories of Alok left with us. We have lost everything and getting justice for our son's murder is the sole purpose of our existence now,\" said Alok's mother Nirmal Gupta.Recollecting his last conversation with his son, Alok's father said, \"I had a word with Alok just half-an-s his murder - he sounded so happy. I had no idea that this was going to be my last conversation with him. Today, his murderers are walking free and we can do nothing about it,\" said Gupta.The family had recently held a candle march at Sector-17 Panchkula on Alok's birthday.The case dates back to December 24, 2011 when Alok, 27, a resident of Sector 21 in Panchkula was shot dead by unidentified assailants at a grocery shop in Surrey in British Columbia. According to the information given to the family by the Canadian Police, the motive behind the murder was robbery at the shop. Gupta was working as a manager with the Axis Bank prior to his decision to head to Columbia.The Canadian Police are still investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14573958", "title": "Hope ahead? Rain on first of July", "text": "PUNE: After a poor monsoon for the entire month of June, the first day of July brought some cheer to the citizens. Light showers of rain started in the afternoon and continued till late evening in the city and neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad.The city recorded 3.1 mm rainfall till 8.30 pm on Sunday.Officials of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said the showers were due to pro-rainfall systems, including an off-shore trough from the north Maharashtra coast to Karnataka coast - which now runs from the south Gujarat coast to north Kerala coast - and a cyclonic circulation in the Arabian Sea near Maharashtra and Gujarat.According to the IMD report, some areas in the city will receive a few spells of rain during the next 24 hours, while moderate rain may occur in some areas during the next 48 hours.The report said that the southwest monsoon has been active over Orissa, Marathwada, Vidarbha and coastal Andhra Pradesh.The ongoing monsoon season has turned out to be the worst in the last decade for Pune in terms of rainfall in June. The city recorded only 34.5 mm rain this June, which is 103.2 mm less than the normal of 137.7 mm for the month. The mean number of rainy days for the city during June is 7.5, but there has barely been a day or two of rains worth taking note of over the entire month.Delayed arrival of monsoon has contributed to this situation. The monsoon arrived almost 10 days behind the June 8 normal date of arrival in the city. Since then, the city has recorded only two spells of some consequence on June 17 and 24. All hopes are now pinned on the July rainfall to make up for the prevailing deficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578033", "title": "Municipal corporation to review pending work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A special review meeting would be held by Chandigarh municipal corporation (MC) to look into the feasibility of various agenda items which were passed in house meetings but, have not been come into action yet. Most of these works are related to construction and widening of city roads and construction and maintenance of parks.The officials of engineering wing have been asked to bring details of each such work which is pending but passed and inform the MC if there has been any progress.An engineering wing official, seeking anonymity, said, \"Excess work and shortage of staff are the reasons why certain works have not been implemented yet. Carrying on the road related works would be a trouble now as the monsoon begins, he added.The councilors had raised a hue and cry over the pending issues in the last house meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14578816", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University radio station plan hits roadblock", "text": "LUDHIANA: Farmers in Ludhiana and neighbouring districts may soon have their first brush with community radio, courtesy, the Punjab Agricultural University.In a bid to disseminate knowledge about latest farming techniques and cops, PAU is in the process of setting up its own community radio station (CRS).Though the Union ministry of agriculture approved a grant of Rs 10 crore for the project, it has been on hold because of limited frequency radius allotted to the university.The 15-km radius for the community radio at PAU was too little to cover the target listeners, say officials. The Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA) at the Centre has funded the project.The proposed community radio project at PAU has been on hold as the alloted frequency radius is deemed too little to meet the purpose.\"The 12-15km radius range wouldn't be enough as we want to target more farmers. We are working on setting up a wider spectrum,\" says finance secretary of PAU Kisan Club Rajwinder Pal Singh.PAU has asked the Centre to increase the fund so that a wider spectrum could be allocated to the CRS. The only community radio service in the city at present is at Guru Nanak Girls College, which is also the state's first CRS.Additional director, communications, Dr Jagtar Singh Dhiman says, \"PAU researchers are trying to spread agricultural knowledge through Doordarshan and All India Radio, but once we have our own radio station, we would reach out more effectively to our target audience - farmers and people who maintain kitchen gardens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14574241", "title": "Move to acquire land irks villagers", "text": "Alappuzha: The villagers of Thuravoor grama panchayat and Kuthiyathodu grama panchayat in Alappuzha are all set to begin agitation programmes against the state government's move to acquire their land for setting up an industrial park.The state government has identified 79 acres of land in the 6th ward of Thuravoor grama panchayat and 47 acres of land in Kuthiyathodu grama panchayat that will be given to Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Kinfra) for setting up an industrial park.According to villagers, the land identified for the project also includes 52 acres of paddy fields and the government has already initiated steps to level the paddy filed. It is the violation of the Kerala Conservation of Paddy Land and Wetland Act, 2008, they said.\"Agriculture officials informed us that they would soon visit the paddy field identified for the project. But we will strongly oppose it. It was around two years ago that the government issued an order for acquiring land for the Kinfra's project. Though we requested the government to relocate the project to any other place, the authorities have ignored it. As many as 143 poor families will be evicted for the project,\" said S P Shali, convener of Kudiyozhippickal Virudha Janakeeya Samithi.\"The majority of people, whose land will be acquired for the project, are farmers and dairy farmers. They mainly depend on paddy fields for their livelihood. Kinfra officials also failed to promise a better rehabilitation package for us. So we will go ahead with our agitation programmes until the government resolves to relocate the project site from our village,\" he said.The villagers will organize a protest rally against the land acquisition move of the government at Thuravoor on Tuesday. Bishop Geevarghese Mar Coorilos will inaugurate a protest meet on the occasion. Moolampilly Samara Samithy convener Francis Kalathunkal will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566551", "title": "Boost for rainwater harvesting plans", "text": "HYDERABAD: To promote 'rainwater harvesting' (RWH) structures, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has offered to return deposits collected from customers.As per the Water, Land and Tree Act (WALTA), the Water Board collects deposits (Rs 2,500 from each customer who is having above 200 sq yards) to construct RWH structures. So far, it had collected Rs 23 crore, but had not constructed RWH structures.Once the structure is completed, RWH cell in-charge would inspect and inform the Water Board officials about it. Based on the recommendation, the Water Board would either issue a cheque or adjust the amount in subsequent water bills, HMWS&SB; RWH cell in-charge and assistant director (Ground Water Department), A Satyanarayana told TOI.In view of depleting groundwater and water levels receding in Osmansagar and Himayatsagar, the Water Board had taken a decision to construct RWH structures on a massive scale on residential and commercial premises three months ago. The officials have set a target to construct 23,000 RWH structures in GHMC areas, he added.\"We have also decided to construct RWH structures at all the 60 water filling stations in the twin cities and GHMC peripheral circles. So far, we have constructed 350 RWH structures. We have received many requests from customers\" the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14584506", "title": "Two more Nigerians duping city residents: Chandigarh police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police said that there are two more Nigerians, staying in Mumbai, who are involved in the racket of duping city residents on the pretext of sending them to US.Earlier on June 10, police had arrested a Nigerian Paul Osemwengie and his two Indian accomplices from Mumbai. They were arrested by economics offence wing (EOW) of Chandigarh police for allegedly duping a man of Rs 22 lakh on the pretext of sending him to US.\"During the interrogation of the accused, we have found that two more Nigerians are involved in this racket. They are staying somewhere in Mumbai but the miscreants are not disclosing their right address. We are seeking the help of Mumbai police to nab them. However, we have received some vital clues regarding their location and very soon they would be arrested,\" said a police official here.Police got clues that the accused Nigerians had come to India on a business visa to do some textiles related trade.Police is trying to ascertain their bank account details, which are operational in various nationalised banks in the southern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14592306", "title": "Ra Ra Loud out with 'Kiss Miss'", "text": "Ra Ra Loud, the girl band is back with another fiesty slice Kiss Miss after the success of their debut single Lala Liar- a Top 10 hit on the Urban and Pop club chart which remained there for 9 weeks. Now Kiss Miss is receiving appreciation by Dj's across UK.The track is currently being played across all networks on Capital FM. The track will also feature two hot remixes, one of which featuring UK Urban artist Twissman and the other with a Latino twist with hot artist Genuino who is creating waves worldwide.A little more:British duo Anuska and Jaya B better known as Rara Loud enters the UK Urban &amp; Commercial Club Charts at no 9 with their first single titled Lala Liar .Developing their own distinctive style in underground inspired electro pop arena , Anuska and Jaya B began collaborating in June 2010, having remained close friends for over a decade.Having a clear vision of where they wish to take their music, the girls are driven by an ambition to produce music that listeners of all ages can identify with.Anuska, a classically trained dancer from London, has previously owned her own dance school, bringing her choreography and performance skills into the mix. Self-confessed wild child Jaya B grew up in Birmingham, recognizing her song writing abilities at an early age. Despite their contrasting personalities, the two share one important thing in common - a passion for music. With their electric live performances bringing an energy and presence to the stage, these girls certainly have the goods to back it up.Inspired by a wide range of musical styles, the band count Destiny's Child, Usher and Kings of Leon as some of the many artists that have influenced their sound.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14597471", "title": "Goa education dept concerned over 12% Class X pass percentage drop", "text": "PANAJI: The drop by over 12% in this year's Class X pass percentage at the examination held by the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has left the education department concerned.\"It was noted with concern that there has been a drop in the Class X pass percentage by 12% as compared to last year. All additional district education inspectors have been asked to identify five schools in their jurisdiction with the lowest Class X pass percentage, analyse their situation and submit a factual report to this directorate,\" the director for education D P Dwivedi has said in a circular issued to education officers.The pass percentage dropped by close to 13% to 73.38% this year as against 2011's 86.50%. Of the 8,188 boys that appeared for the exam, 5,753 passed registering a pass percentage of 70.26. The number of girls registering for the exam was 7,423, of which 5,090 cleared the exam leading to a pass percentage of 68.57.\"The officers have also been asked to make suggestions to improve the Class X pass percentage in their report,\" the director for education said.The Goa Board officials said that there was a tougher grading system in place during the current academic year but that argument was not bought as the Class XII results went up by over 2% despite of the new grading system.Besides, several concessions were also made available to the students which should have balanced the pass percentage. The concessions included sports merit marks, internal assessment component and the option to take up prevocational courses instead of maths and science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14570109", "title": "Manish market will rise from ashes on Saturday", "text": "MUMBAI: The buzz of the bazaar is about to return. Manish Market, that symbol of smart enterprise opposite the iconic Crawford Market in south Mumbai, is back on its feet. Having been burnt substantially in a major fire on November 26 last year, the market is ready to welcome customers looking for a variety of merchandise, especially electronic goods and mobile accessories. Without undergoing any structural change, the three-floor market has been redeveloped with better fire safety equipment fitted in. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will inaugurate it on July 7.With 280 members who own 166 shops, Manish Market was a popular destination for those looking for cheap, mostly China-made, electronic goods before its ground and half of the first floor were gutted in a fire that began at Sara Sahara Market across the street. As it was a windy November night (3.30 am to be exact when the fire began), the fire had leapt up to Manish Market from Sara Sahara. Nobody is saying the cost of property lost in the blaze, but as many as 75 shop owners incurred heavy loss as goods worth crores were burnt. \"Fortunately, the fire didn't damage the building's structure,\" says Haroon Merchant, secretary, Nutan Pushpak Premises Co-operative Society, which runs Manish Market. Merchant says he was among the first to arrive after the market caught fire. Among others who had arrived early that night and subsequently ensured that the market got reopened at the earliest is MLA Amin Patel. \"We could not have redeveloped in just six months without the co-operation of people like Amin Patel and corporators Javed Juneja and Vaqarunissa Ansari,\" says Farid Batatawala who owns a shop at the market.Built in1974, the pre-fire structure of the market didn't have adequate fire safety equipment, its electric wires were hanging from many places and telephone cables were in a mess. The whole place looked chaotic. Now fire safety equipment have been installed as required by the chief Fire Officer ( CFO), electric wiring is concealed and the walls have been strengthened with the help of mortars. Plaster of paris has been applied to the ceilings. Not many know that the market also houses a beautiful mosque on its top floor. During Ramzan (to begin on July 21 this year), the mosque, decorated with images of holy shrines from Mecca, Medina and Ajmer Sharif, attracts a huge number of namazis.Although the mosque was not affected much in the fire, the management of the society repainted the shrine's walls as the smoke had affected them. After July 7, the mosque will be abuzz with the faithful just as the market below will be crowded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569799", "title": "CBI impersonator nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man \u2014 trying to save Rs 50, landed in police lockup as he identified himself as Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) official, when a traffic cop stopped him for not having helmet or documents for the two-wheeler.According to Navrangpura police officials, traffic head constable Heerabhai Patel was on duty at Nehru Bridge circle on Ashram Road at 7.30 pm on Saturday. He saw two men passing on a bike towards the bridge without helmet and stopped them.Officials learnt that Mishra and Siddique Husain Shaikh, the rider, work as medical representatives with a private firm. Mishra tried to avert the police action by identifying himself as a cop. He is booked for impersonating a government official and creating hindrance in work of a public servant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14571981", "title": "A solution to Singur impasse?", "text": "The hasty government decision to turn the agriculturally prosperous area of Singur in Hooghly district into an industrial zone in 2006 was based on two justifications - one is the unhealthy but unavoidable 'race to the bottom' pursued by states to woo big business after liberalization, and the second is the golden chance to attract big business to Bengal, which witnessed a systematic escape of industrial capital to other states for three decades.While both made sense, there's no defence for the method pursued to achieve the goal. The minimum necessity for success in this route is to conduct a detailed socioeconomic survey among the residents of the potential project-affected area by experienced social scientists (a condition which the Centre has been mulling to incorporate in the new bill on land acquisition) but that was not done. On the other hand, the then government in Bengal suffered from indecision for almost 20 years regarding its stand toward private capital, initially domestic later foreign. One cannot expect to win a 100-metre hurdle race after inaction for such a long period - it needed a gradual change, through creation of infrastructure and land bank and a time-consistent balance among small, medium and large industries. Whichever way we see it, the Singur imbroglio had its root in this.A recent survey in the potential project-affected area in Singur by Maitreesh Ghatak of LSE and his associates reveals that the government erred on several counts. In the surveyed area, the government assumed that 96% land to be acquired (around 997 acres) was sali (one-crop land) whereas in their survey only 63% turned out to be so. In reality, it may be still higher since improvement in productivity through irrigation has been widespread in the area in the last two decades.Thus the survey found that the average compensation was around Rs 8.75 lakh, which clearly was much less that what the land owners should have got. Also, the survey revealed poor management of the compensation money. Since, almost 89% people simply put it in fixed deposits in bank, which today gives a real return of 2-3% given the high rate of inflation. So the residents lost a productive asset but could not acquire a compensating asset for lack of good planning.And then, the 2011 population census revealed that of the 4,971 households in the affected moujas, around 1,000 directly owned or rented land. The government claim that 9,839 people accepted cheques till December 31, 2006, points to fragmented ownership, absenteeism of landowners as well as complete disregard of the welfare of the majority of the residents who were agricultural and non-agricultural labourers. So the project had an obvious disconnect with the ground reality.Do we have a way out of the Singur stalemate? After all, the agricultural land there has been transformed into a non-productive asset by the turn of events. Assuming an average productivity of paddy of 1,346 kg per acre (as revealed in the survey mentioned above) and double cropping in 50% of acquired land, the loss due to paddy alone would be around Rs 50 crore in market price over the last six years. If we add potato and vegetables, the loss would be still higher. Along with this, one needs to add the monetary equivalence of insecurity and unhappiness of the residents in the area, which is certainly a huge amount as well. This is a loss for Bengal as a whole and we need a solution at the earliest.There can be a two-pronged approach to solve the impasse -the first gives priority to the socio-economic aspect and the other to the legal process.The first requires a negotiated settlement among the government, the Tatas and its associates as well as the local residents. When the Tata group moved to Sanand in Gujarat - an area having almost 1/4th land productivity as Singur by some estimates - they negotiated with GIDC and paid a purchase price of Rs 36.42 lakh per acre (reported in newspapers).In contrast, a calculation by retired IIMC professor Nirmal Chandra in the 'Economic and Political Weekly' showed that the Tatas effectively pays Rs 5.42 lakh per acre for 99-year lease in Singur.One can negotiate with the Tata group for a commensurate compensation to Singur residents for outright purchase of land the government has acquired for them. However, they need to abide by the new clauses introduced in West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, and set up suitable industrial units within three years of purchase. In the absence of rehabilitation clause in the existing Act, the government, Tatas and the residents need to evolve a consensus rehabilitation scheme so that land-losers can acquire a compensating asset in the form of physical or human capital or land. In addition, tax benefits need to be carefully capped given the revenue need of the present government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572929", "title": "Hottest July start in 100 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: After facing one of the hottest June ever, the people in Lucknow on Sunday experienced one of the hottest start of July in past 100 years. High humidity -- between 34-72% -- made conditions worse. Similar conditions are expected to prevail in the next 24 hours. The weather office, however, is hopeful that monsoon would revive in UP by July 6.The maximum temperature on Sunday was 41.7 degrees Celsius, the second hottest day ever in July in the city. On July 14, 2002, maximum temperature was 42 degrees Celsius, and on July 1, 1954, it was 41.7 degrees Celsius. The past five years record available with the state Met department shows that maximum temperatures on July 1 have been below 40 degrees Celsius: 34 degrees in 2011; 36.5 degrees in 2010; 37.4 degrees in 2009; 32 degrees in 2008 and 27.4 degrees in 2007.The weather office, however, sees a ray hope of monsoon revival in the high humidity level. The humidity is high because of change in wind pattern. Earlier, dry westerly winds were lashing the state but they are being gradually replaced by moisture-laden easterlies. The westerlies were responsible for changing the course of the monsoon currents, which was towards UP till June 21, towards northeast. However, easterly winds come from the Bay of Bengal. They will help in recurving monsoon currents over northeast towards Jharkhand , Bihar and UP.First half of June in Lucknow falls under the summer and remaining under the monsoon. The normal date of monsoon arrival in the city is June 18. The maximum temperature usually remain high, above 40 degrees Celsius, till the arrival of monsoon, after which it hovers between 35-37 degrees Celsius. As a result, the mean (normal) maximum temperature of June is 38.7 degrees Celsius. This mean temperature is calculated after taking into account temperatures of at least 30 years. This year the mean temperature in June was 42.73, five degrees above normal.State Met director JP Gupta said the movement of monsoon this year has been almost same as it was in 2010. This year monsoon arrived in UP on June 21 but lost steam thereafter. In 2010, monsoon arrived in Bihar on time but lost steam just before entering UP and finally arrived in the first week of July. In 2010, rainfall in July was scanty, resulting in drought-like situation for the farmers who depend on monsoon rains in June and July to plant paddy. This year monsoon is expected to revive in the state over next 5-6 days. In June 2010, the hottest day was June 1 when maximum temperature was 43.8 degrees Celsius. In comparison, this year heat was more intense with maximum temperature touching 45.4 degrees Celsius on June 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14574953", "title": "Two killed in Nilambur road accident", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Two people died and 20 others were injured in an accident at Nilambur railway gate junction in Malappuram on Sunday morning. The accident involving a car and a private mini bus occurred around 9.30am, near Nilambur railway station.The deceased were identified as Ummar (22), of Vellayur and Rajan (25), of Ayilassery near Thuvvur in the district. According to Nilambur police, Ummar and Rajan died after the mini bus 'Sarfiya' collided with the car. The car was completely damaged in the head-on collision.The seriously injured have been admitted to Kozhikode Medical College hospital and others to a private hospital in Nilambur.Malappuram: Two persons died and twenty others injured in an accident at Nilambur Railway gate junction in Malappuram district on Sunday morning. The accident involving a car and a private mini bus was occurred around 9.30am, near Nilambur Railway station.The deceased identified as Ummar, 22, native of Vellayur and Rajan, 25, native of Ayilassery near Thuvvur in the district.According to Nilambur police , the died were the passengers in car which came from Pookottumpadam to Nilambur. The mini bus 'Sarfiya' which involved in the accident was plying between Nilambur and Kalikavu. The car was completely damaged in the head-on collision.The grievously injured have been admitted to Kozhikode Medical College hospital and others have been admitted to a private hospital in Nilambur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14574026", "title": "Tension in Washim area after murder", "text": "AKOLA: Tension prevailed in Washim following the brutal murder of Gajanan alias Pasha Walke (40) of Walki-Manjre over municipal election dispute.The deceased was canvassing for the Congress candidate Sharmila Wankhede as Krishna, wife of the accused Kailas Gore, Washim unit chief of Shiv Sena , was contesting the polls from prabhag number 7. This added fuel to the anger of the prime accused and created enmity between the two families.After committing the crime, Kailas absconded while his colleagues Maroti Satav, Santosh Gore, Ganesh Ingole and Madhav Chatarkar were arrested in the wee hours of Saturday.Man commits suicideDnyaneshwar Tayde (40) of Telhara tehsil hanged himself to death from a tree in the agriculture field near Gautameshwr Nagar on Saturday night. The reason behind the suicide is yet to be ascertained. A case of accidental death has been registered. The body was sent to hospital for post mortem the report of which is awaited.Sister of groom goes missingThe sister of the bridegroom was reported missing from the marriage pandal in Umri area on the outskirts of the city on Saturday at the time of giving send-off to the marriage party.The marriage party came from a tiny village in Pinjar area of Akola district. The girl was found missing when the marriage party was being seen off. Later, a complaint was lodged at the police station.Zilla Parishad cashier faces actionRajesh Verma , cashier of the general administration department of Akola Zilla Parishad was prima facie found guilty of misappropriating cash worth Rs1.76 lakh.Vishwanath Kelkar, deputy chief executive officer of ZP, said action would be taken against the accused. The amount was the security deposit of gram sevak working on contract basis and fuel amount meant for officers and office-bearers for purchasing stationery. Verma had allegedly not handled the cash book during the last three months and the expenses were not registered in the cash book.Doctors booked on homicide chargeDr Shilpa Kotak and her two colleagues, doctors Kiran Gupta and Ahuja, were booked for offences of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and medical negligence under the Indian Penal Code on Saturday night after the receipt of an inquiry report in the infant death case.Pravin Bochre, a resident of Basera Colony here, had lodged a complaint with the police that the death of infant delivered by his wife Anjali was caused due to negligence of doctors. He claimed that the doctors prepared documents in their favour showing the death of infant was caused due to the umbilical cord surrounding the neck. However, the post mortem report revealed that the death was caused due to head injury during the caesarean operation.On the basis of the post mortem report, the police officials of Khadan station registered offences against the two doctors.The doctors were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571254", "title": "Several vehicles seized for illegal sand mining in Chambal river bed", "text": "KANPUR: In a raid conducted by the officials of National Chambal Sanctuary and police, seven vehicles were seized for illegal sand mining in the Chakarnagar area of Etawah district during the wee hours of Sunday.During the raid, four trucks, two tractors and one loader were found to be engaged in sand mining illegally in the protected area of National Chambal Sanctuary.According to DFO (divisional forest officer), National Chambal Sanctuary (Wildlife), Sujoy Banerjee, the vehicles seized were found to be involved in illegal sand mining in the Chambal river bed.On a tip-off, the DFO and the local police raided the site and seized the vehicles. The vehicles were handed over to the Chakarnagar police to take further action against their illegal activity.The owners of the vehicles did not turn up for their explanation, prompting the cops to register a case against them. Fines will also be imposed in these cases.Sources, however, informed that one of the vehicles seized during the raid belong to a political leader of a prominent party.Meanwhile, the driver of one of the vehicle said that there were many vehicles at present engaged for illegal mining in the district.Earlier, also there were complaints from the locals following, which the Forest department officials kept vigil on the banks and villages dotting the Chambal river.Locals in surrounding villages on the banks of the river had complained that due to illegal sand mining, the ground water level had depleted in the area and affected water supply for agricultural practices.Later, while talking to TOI Banerjee said, the Forest department is not leaving any stone unturned to check illegal sand mining in the protected areas of the district. \"Sand mining not only depletes ground water level but also destroys fisheries and the sandy banks required by gharials and turtles for nesting and basking,\" he said further.He said that the drive will continue ahead to restrict illegal sand mining.A recent order of the Supreme Court of India, puts a complete ban on sand mining in forest areas.It might be noted here that the issue of illegal mining had recently drew attention of people and government when an IPS officer, Narendra Kumar Singh, who was posted at Banmore in the Madhya Pradesh as a Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO), was crushed to death under the wheels of a tractor-trolley, allegedly by a member of the mining mafia, when he tried to stop the vehicle that was illegally carrying stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594864", "title": "Love in the air (time)", "text": "Romantic tracks in prime time TV shows follow simple formulae to win their audiencesFor all those of you who thought telly shows aired on prime time/afternoon/early evening bands without their share of cliche and predictable scenes take a close look at your soapbox again. B-Town's not the only component of the entertainment industry to follow successful formulas to wow the audiences. The big T is doing much the same. Think soap sagas airing on entertainment channels and the only thing that is different in the various shows is the star cast. Every romantic track in almost all prime time shows hinge on set situations.Love me, love my arrogance : Of course it's a given. The male protagonist has to be singularly rich, arrogant to the point of being rude to the good girl next door who's the heroine, neatly draped in demure salwar kameezes and a neatly combed plait (that might be out of fashion outside schools, but in serials you aren't supposed to think logically), dripping machismo and able to beat the baddies physically, make smart biz deals and flaunt posterboy goodlooks. Every screen hottie falls in this league - Arnav Singh Raizada ( Barun Sobti) of Iss Pyar Ko Kya Naam Doon , Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla) of Balika Vadhu , Virat Vadehra ( Kushal Tandon) of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai , to the newly minted Mr Rudelike RK ( Vivian D'sena) of Madhubala , Ek Ishq Ek Junoon , etc.Let's fall in love: Falling in love comes handy to the nubile beauties of the various shows. Either their mile long dupattas fly out of control and safely land on the hero's face ( IPKKD, Punar Vivaah, Pyaar Ka Dard Hai..., Humse Hai Life, Suvreen Guggal Topper of The Year , etc) or they trip over imaginary hurdles (figuratively speaking) and have the hero's strong arms to catch them right on time. Telly showmakers need to send a quick thanks to Raj Kapoor for having show the perfect way to hold a girl (his famous shot of Nargis in one arm is now a banner for RK films)! And then there are those intense eye-locks between the to-be/romantic leads which is an indication that love could be in the air.Hate you, like I love you: The main leads of any soap can't afford to fall in love at first sight. They've got to battle it out, first verbally, then through a host of dramatic situations before they can have a dramatic confession scene. No romantic confession is without drama. In Diya Aur Baati Hum , Suraj (played by Anas Rashid) pours out his heart when he thinks he's about to lose his wife Sandhya (Deepika Singh). In the now off air Dill Mill Gayye , Dr Riddhima (played by Shilpa Anand) confesses her love for Dr Armaan Mallik (played by Karan Singh Grover) after he's met with a serious accident.On Bollywood song : B-Town comes to the rescue when it comes to romance in daily soaps. If it's an intimate love scene, it's got to be Baahon Ke Darmiyan from Khamoshi The Musical or Kaisa Ye Ishq Hai from Jodhaa Akbar (Bade Achche Laggte Hai ) or if the scene's a very cute and mushy one, then, Chand Chupa Badal Mein from Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam or Dil Kyun Mera from Kites (Miley Jab Hum Tum ). A romantic rain song would either be Rajneeti's Bheegi Si Bhaagi Si ( Dill Mill Gayye ) or Dekho Na from Fanaa (Byaah Hamari Bahu Ka ) and a dance sequence between the romantic leads could either be Salaam-e-Ishq from Salaam-e-Ishq , or Teri Meri Prem Kahani ( Iss Pyar Ko Kya Naam Doon)The third angle : Life and love can't be perfect. It's got to have its rollercoaster moments. And what better way to do it, than to introduce a glam and gorgeous girl (who could be the hero's past love, or simply a work colleague) when everything seems smooth in the lives of the principal protagonists and let the fun begin ( Saath Nibhana Saathiya, Kya Hua Tera Vada, Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, Kuch Toh Log Kahenge ). The wife/girl friend will need to outsmart the other girl and win her love back after some high voltage, tearjerking moments.Happily ever afters come in a daily show only intermittently, because the picture needs to be incomplete to keep the audience glued. Like in real life, even on soaps, the sunshine and happy moments are short-lived, so that there's enough spice, drama and romance to keep the show high on the TRP-meter and extend its life span on the small screen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571213", "title": "Last pillar of Shuklaganj bridge awaits defence ministry nod", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing construction of a parallel bridge over Ganga between the city and Shuklaganj may ensure smooth movement of vehicles. Once the bridge gets completed, the traffic on the old Shuklaganj bridge would decline considerably.The 11-metre wide and 837-metre long bring would connect the city and Shuklaganj. Though 95% of the bridge is already constructed, it is awaiting the construction of the 26th pillar. As many as 25 pillars have been constructed. For the construction of the 26th pillar, the Setu Nigam has sought permission from defence ministry as the area over which the last pillar is to be constructed, belongs to it.The officials of Setu Nigam stated that only after the construction of the last pillar, the bridge will be opened for public.The Setu Nigam officials expressed hope that they would get NOC from the defence ministry for constructing the 26th pillar.The construction of the bridge began in 2008.The residents of Shuklaganj will be benefited. The people who frequent between Kanpur and state capital would get another route to travel.Meanwhile, the old Shuklaganj bridge is in need of repair at various places. Once the new Shuklaganj bridge gets ready, the Setu Nigam would repair the old bridge. Both the bridges can be made one-way. From one bridge people can reach Shuklaganj and from other they can reach Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571217", "title": "CBI for Bhanwari trial to be conducted via video conferencing", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has written to the Rajasthan chief secretary CK Mathew suggesting the state government to conduct the trial in the Bhanwari Devi murder case through video conferencing.Sources said the agency is shaken by the escape of Kailash Jakhar from the Rajasthan High Court premises after a shootout in broad day light between criminals and the police on June 14.\"It was quite shocking the way Jakhar escaped. The agency is of the view that the trial should be conducted through video conferencing. It will not only ensure security, but also reduce the work on part of the police and the jail authorities as the accused have to be ferried to the court from the jail and vice-versa,\" said a lawyer concerned with the Bhanwari Devi case trial.Sources said CBI has recently written a letter to the chief secretary in which the agency has explained in detail the security threats.After Jakhar's escape, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had constituted a four-member committee under additional chief secretary (home) Ashok Sampatram to review the security procedures followed while transporting the undertrials to courts. The committee, which comprises DGP Harish Meena, DGP (Jail) Omendra Bhardwaj and ADGP (crime) Kapil Garg, would submit its report and recommendations in 30 days. Sources said that chief minister himself was of the view that the trial should be held through video conferencing.The CBI had to run from pillar to post to arrest Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar who are accused of disposing of the nurse's body after she was kidnapped and murdered on September 1 last year.\"Most of the criminals involved in the entire conspiracy who did the groundwork for the two politicians - Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi - are quite capable of carrying out a daredevil act like the one by Jakhar. So, it is very necessary that their movement outside the Jodhpur Central Jail should be restricted. It is already being feared that Jakhar who seems to have disappeared into thin air might influence or threaten the prosecution witnesses in the case,\" said the officer.While 11 men, who are alleged to be among those who attacked policemen in the Rajasthan High Court premises, have been arrested there is no clue about Jakhar's whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14575272", "title": "Madurai passport mela flops", "text": "MADURAI: The passport mela organised by the ministry of external affairs to clear the huge pendency in applications has failed to attract much of a crowd here due to lack of publicity.However, officials at the passport office in Madurai claimed that there was no huge pendency in issuing of passports in the region. Madurai Passport Office caters to all southern districts such as Madurai, Theni, Virudhunagar, Dindigul, Sivaganga, Ramanathapuram, Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Kanyakumari with Passport Seva Kendras in Madurai and Tirunelveli. People submit their applications online and their interviews are scheduled online. Official sources here said 450 to 500 online applications were received in Madurai while another 300 to 350 were received from the seva kendra in Tirunelveli. The online interviews are scheduled within three to five days and there is not much of pendency of applications in Madurai region, they said.Passport officer V Sundararaman said the passport mela was arranged by the ministry to help the public complete their application works on holidays like Saturdays and Sundays. \"It will help them finish their works in leisure and this Sunday was allotted to the Madurai office from the ministry,\" he said.\"They can walk in with their filled-in applications which will be verified on the spot and acknowledgments given immediately. Passports are issued after we get the police report,\" he said.However, the response for the mela was not satisfactory as the crowd at the passport office was comparatively less. The issue was lack of publicity as many were not aware of the mela, said a few people who had come to the office. Passport officials said they had received the date for the mela very late and could not organise much publicity for the event.Besides, the officials stated they had not expected a crowd like those in cosmopolitan cities where pendency is higher. Till afternoon, the passport office and seva kendra in Madurai received around 120 applications.\"The mela is a good initiative by the government. But not many are aware of such events as we have not seen much publicity. One more day for Madurai region with good publicity will indeed help many people from the southern districts, especially ones unable to apply on working days,\" said one applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14577975", "title": "Residents feeling low", "text": "Hubli: While scanty rainfall has caused worries for the state, with farmers and policy makers keeping their fingers crossed and praying for the skies to open up, residents of Heggeri in Hubli seem to be praying otherwise. They dread rain, for they live in low-lying areas, where rainwater descends and enters their compounds and houses, bringing them untold miseries. This happens year after year, but the corporation authorities don't seem to give a hoot.Several areas in Heggeri are low-lying and those who have built houses in the region are in deep distress. Monsoon makes their life hell as rainwater, mixed with slush and filthy water from the Nala (stormwater drain) that runs through the locality, gushes into their houses, sweeping away their belongings. The dirty water swallows all that comes its way: utensils, footwear, clothes, books and other household articles.The problem is acute in areas where houses were constructed illegally and regularized later. Siddharudh Nagar, JP Nagar and Jagadish Nagar of Heggeri are the worst-affected areas during heavy downpour.Residents blame the corporation for turning a blind eye to their problems. Speaking to TOI, Kamalamma Alur, a resident of Siddharudh Nagar said that she has been living there since the last 30 years. There are no gutters in front of her house, and the corporation, in the last three decades has not taken any measures to construct one.Rekha Dalbanjan of Siddharudh Nagar said that the compound wall of the Nala broke last. It has not been fixed since then. \"Water and refuse from the Nala enters our houses. We have to put up with all that, as the authorities haven't been doing anything to reduce our woes,\" she said. Nearly 80houses are facing the same problem in Siddharudh Nagar.If this is their plight during the rainy season, summer is no heaven for them. A gusty wind on a sunny day brings them miseries, as it settles down in low-lying areas, carrying with it plastic bags, papers and other waste articles. Laxman Gandagalekar, area corporator, said that renovation of the 200-year-old Nala has been taken up under the Rs 100-crore project. Compound walls will be built for the Nala to protect houses from drain water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14588481", "title": "Split in Nepal Maoist party will revive relations with CPI (Maoist)", "text": "NEW DELHI: The breaking away of a significant chunk of Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoists (UCPN-M) is not just a major setback for its leader Prachanda but is also likely to impact the Maoist movement in India.The breakaway group of 45 of the 149 central committee members headed by Mohan Baidya Kiran has already renewed ties with Indian Maoists, sources said.Intelligence agencies are of the view that the split in Nepal will inject new energy to the Communist Party of India-(Maoist) and revive regular contact between the Maoists in India and Nepal. The relations between the CPI (Maoist) and the party in Nepal had dwindled since 2006, when Maoists joined the government in Kathmandu.Interestingly, Mohan Baidya was the main person who kept in touch with CPI (Maoist). His breaking out of UCPN-M is likely to see a reshaping of the Maoist movement in both countries. Baidya's new party is called the Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist (CPN-M).Before the final split at the Sherpa Sewa Samaj Building in Kathmandu between June 16 and 18, the last meeting of the rebel group was held in Delhi at a Karol Bagh hotel in the second week of April.One of the issues that came up for discussion at the Karol Bagh meeting was whether rebellion would be possible without armed cadres, as the Maoist army had surrendered in Nepal when the party joined the government.But leaders of the breakaway group assured that about \"3,000 armed cadres\" had not surrendered in the last six years and some arms and ammunition had been kept hidden, even as most of the weapons were surrendered to the government. These trained cadre and the arms would come in handy to start a new party, the rebel leaders said.In fact, the coming together of the CPN (Maoist) and the CPI (Maoist) is likely to increase movement of men and arms across the India-Nepal borders.Replying to a question recently on whether he will coordinate with regional Maoist parties, Baidya said, \"The Coordination Committee of Maoist Parties and Organizations of South Asia (COMPOSA) is an umbrella organization to struggle in the interest of patriotic, Leftist and all other pro-people elements in the South Asian region. It has been weakened for some time now. We will find ways to strengthen it again and carry on with it.\"COMPOSA had suffered a setback after Nepal's Maoists joined the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569083", "title": "Kutch village is India\u2019s window to Mars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as NASA's latest multi-billion dollar Mars exploration rover \u2014 a robot called 'Curiosity' \u2014 is set to land on the neighbouring planet's surface in the next 34 days, an important discovery has been made at Mata no Madh \u2014 a small village nestled near Bhuj in Kutch district.Even as Curiosity gets down to search for signs of habitability and collect rock and soil samples, scientists from the Dehradun-based Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology (WIHG) have found a meter thick layer of hydrous sulphate rocks in this Kutch village quite similar to the ones found on Mars surface. These are called the calcium bearing mineral rocks that are rare on earth.So far, there were just three places in the world where these rocks were found. The discovery of same type of rocks in the desert here can play an important role ahead of India's Mars Mission. The scientists here are still trying to ascertain properties of the rock and whether it can support life in any form.Hydrous sulphate deposits at Mata no Madh are predominantly made of calcium bearing Minamiite and another mineral called natro alunite. They are white to cream-yellow and reddish in colour, and extend for more than a kilometre on both sides of Mata no Madh on Lakhpat road. N V Siddaiah, a senior scientist with WIHG, who found these rocks along with a colleague Kishor Kumar, says: \"The hydrous sulphates is result of reactions between volcanic gases and acidic hydrothermal solutions with volcanic ash or rock.\"Ever since Nasa's first Mars mission found hydrous sulphates on the Red planet, the hunt for these rocks begun on Earth. On the globe, these rocks form part of the famous 'Mars Analouge' at the three other place. These places include Mt Schimkura in northeastern Japan, the volcanoes of southwest Turkey, and from volcanoes of the Cascade Range in the western US.\"Till the time India gets the technological ability for collecting samples on Mars, these Mars analogues present in the Deccan Volcanic Province (DVP) or the Himalayan stretch will be of tremendous help. We have been researching the rocks for two years,\" says Siddaiah.\"If we were to know whether Mars support's life, we will have to study the rock and soil samples while being in Martian atmosphere instead of bringing them on Earth. The Mata no Madh rocks are a ready reference for us geologists on earth,\" The discovery was published in Nature magazine a while ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572347", "title": "Tight security in place for civic polls counting", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police has drafted a detailed plan to ensure trouble-free counting of the local bodies elections at various centres. The counting will be held on July 7. The police have identified 56 trouble-makers in 110 wards. Over two dozen areas have been identified as sensitive.The maximum number of trouble-makers (24) are in Lucknow West, followed by a dozen in trans-Gomti area, 11 in rural area and nine in City East. Seventeen areas have been identified as sensitive in City East, 16 in trans-Gomti, 103 in Lucknow West, and four in Rural area.Like the maximum number of trouble-makers in Lucknow West, which mostly comprises Old City, this part also has the maximum number of sensitive areas. Senior officials said there will be extra police vigil in Lucknow West.Besides at the counting centres, directives have been given to erect strong barricading and ensure that no bricks or stones are piled up on house or buildings roof tops. The police have been told to remove bricks and stone heaps from near the counting centres. Similarly, directives have been given that no security guards would be allowed to accompany the candidates inside the counting centre. Similarly, entry of vehicles and entry to counting centres would be kept separate and no permission would be given for candidates and their supporters to take out procession in favour or in protest.Directives have also been given to ensure that winning candidates are escorted to their homes in police security. For this, directives have been given earlier also. A strict vigil would be maintained to ensure that the winners and losers supporters don't clash after results are announced. A three-tier security arrangement should be made which will include counting centre, outer cordon and isolation cordon. Photographed identity verification of the candidates and agents would be done in the outer cordon itself.SP (protocol) GP Chaturvedi told TOI that all preparations in view of the above directives have been done and further directives are being given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574864", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation plans better fire safety measures at main building", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has displayed a fire exit plan as part of its measures to improve fire safety at the main administrative building, which is nearly 30 years old. A fire safety audit of the building is already on the cards after the massive fire at the Mantralaya last week.PCMC's fire officer Kiran Gawde said the exit plan for the main building has been displayed on the first floor. The authorities are awaiting a feedback from citizens about whether it is easy to read and understand. Once the feedback is in, the changes, if needed, will be made and the final plan will be displayed on the remaining four floors as well. \"We will also put up directional signs for various offices and the exit plan,\" he said.When it was pointed out that there is no refuge area in the building for visitors and employees to take shelter in, in case of any emergency, Gawde said, \"A refuge area is needed for a building which is more than 24 metres high or has eight or more floors. The main building has only five floors and a basement. Nevertheless, we are considering a refuge area.\"Also, an emergency cell will be set up in the main office building to attend to emergencies, said Thomas Noronha, wireless officer, PCMC. \"We will set up a public address system in the building. There are a total of 32 closed circuit television cameras installed in the building and the cell will monitor the footage from these.\"Meanwhile, group leader of the Shiv Sena corporators in the PCMC Shrirang Barne has pointed out faults in the fire safety system of the building. \"The pipelines for extinguishing a fire are more than 20 years old and are rusted. I have received reports that the underground water tank at the building has leakages. The municipal commissioner should look into these matters.\"Gawde said in response that it is the electrical department that is responsible for installation and maintenance of the fire fighting equipment.Manohar Kudale, executive engineer, electrical department, PCMC, said they had invited bids for repairing the fire fighting equipment in the main office building at an estimated cost of Rs 55 lakh. \"We received a low response when we invited tenders for renovation and installation of new fire fighting equipments in the main building. We will re-invite the bids for it. The main office building was built in 1984, thus the fire fighting equipment installed is around 30 year old. There are cast iron pipes in the building which cannot pump water at high pressure, so we will be replacing them with new GI pipes.\"He further said, \"The fire brigade will refill the old fire extinguishers. We will also install some new ones as per requirements after we get the fire audit report. We will be purchasing 25 new fire extinguishers. There is an existing 15,000 litres water tank in the building, but the water from it will last only for a half-an-hour operation. We have asked the engineering department to construct a new tank with a capacity of 30,000 litres, so that we can conduct a fire-fighting operation for one to one and half hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14569780", "title": "Much-awaited monsoon sets in over Indore", "text": "INDORE: The first monsoon showers that lashed city on Sunday evening brought smiles on the faces of residents, who were reeling under the sultry weather conditions. This year, monsoon arrived late by almost a fortnight as compared to the last year. According to the met officials, clouds would loom over the sky, coupled with thunderstorm and isolated rains in certain parts of the region in the next 24 hours.\"An upper air circulation formed over north-west region of Madhya Pradesh due to western disturbance is leading to thunderstorm and rain at isolated places,\" said a met official adding that the weather will continue to remain pleasant for the next few days. He said day time temperature in the city will drop a little bit the next three days due to cloudy sky.Meanwhile, the unexpected change in weather set a perfect setting for weekend for the citizens who were reeling under the blazing sun for the past few weeks. On Sunday, enthusiastic Indoreans thronged the roads to revel in the first shower of the season. To enjoy the pleasant evening, people came out on roads and enjoyed the water droplets. Large number of couples thronged to famous eating joints of the city and even to the city outskirts to spend an evening with nature.Ashima Arora, who was caught roaming with her friends on the city streets, said that change in weather has allowed them to step outside and spend their weekend with friends.\"During the past few weeks, we remain confined to our houses. Now with clouds hovering in the sky and the weather turning pleasant, we can easily go out and enjoy,\" she said.The scheduled dates for the monsoon to hit Indore were June 12 or 13, but it was delayed owing to change in the wind pattern. The met officials had anticipated that the rains will hit the city around June 20 but it continued to play hide and seek with the city. Explaining the prevailing weather conditions, meteorological office sources said, \"Moisture incursion in west Madhya Pradesh from Arabian Sea developed cloudy conditions in the state on Sunday. Many places, including Indore witnessed traces of rain during the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573519", "title": "Counting of votes for local bodies polls on July 7", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district authorities on Sunday completed preparations for the counting of votes for civic bodies and nagar panchayat elections. The counting will take place on July 7.While the counting of votes for mayoral and corporators elections will be held at Mundera Mandi, Dhoomanganj, counting for votes for nagar panchayats will be held at soraon, Phulpur, Meja Khas, Handia, Koraon and Bara.District election officer Anil Kumar said a large posse of police forces including 10 DSPs, two inspectors, 23 station officers, 63 sub-inspectors, 100 head constables, 635 constables and 600 home guards will be deployed for the counting of votes.He added that counting of votes for local civic bodies elections will be held at Mundera Mandi Samiti. The counting of votes for Lalgopalganj and Mauaima Nagar Panchat elections will be held at Mewa Lal and Ayodhya Prasad Gupta Smarak Inter College, Soraon.Besides, counting of votes for Phulpur and Jhunsi nagar panchayats will be held at Mandi Samiti, Phulpur. Similarly, counting of votes for Sirsa and Bharatganj nagar panchayats will be held at Navodaya Vidhayala, Meja Khas.Officials said the counting of votes for Handia nagar panchayat will be held at Manas Bhawan, Handia. Besides, counting of votes for nagar panchayat Koraon and Shangargarh will be held at Gopal Inter College, Koraon and Tehsil headquarters Bara respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14590406", "title": "Lady Gaga is controversy\u2019s favourite child", "text": "Padlock-collar, heartshaped pasties, dark pink lipstick and bright blonde hair \u2014 trust Lady Gaga to spring a surprise everytime she hits the street. She was spotted mingling with fans in Melbourne on Friday but along with the wacky and absolutely unthinkable dress that she wore, her new song, \"Princess die\", got her audience outraged than ever.Fans feel that the lyrics of the song are a direct reference to the tragic death of Princess Diana in 1997. Controversies seem to have become synonymous with Gaga as earlier she had angered fans and hurt religious feelings with her crazy sense of style and boltfrom-the-blue outfits. TOI revisits some of the most iconic Lady Gaga get-ups.Meaty Matter All jaws dropped at a 2010 music awards when Gaga appeared in a dress made of meat. Though hailed as the fashion statement of the year, it was severely criticized by animal rights groups. In spite of the ugly controversy, taxidermist Sergio Vigilato was paid $6,000 by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to preserve the dress.Slithery Slimy When Gaga asked Dutch designer Bart Hess to make an outfit for her \" Born This Wa y\" album photoshoot last year, he went beyond human sanity to create a dress made with with fifteen pounds of purple-orange slime and shipped it from his studio in Eindhoven to New York !Bubble Bursting Little was left to the imagination of her fans when lady Gaga sat pretty and poised at the piano, wearing just a coat of perspex bubbles at a show in the House of Blues in San Diego in 2009.Egg-Centric While the audience were losing their marbles, the Born This Way star hatched out of a giant egg at the Grammys 2011 and stormed the stage with a mindboggling performance, winning the award for the best pop vocal album.Bang-bang! \"Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch/Just smoke my cigarette and hush,\" sang the queen of wackiness with machine guns protruding from her bra while performing \"Alejandro\" earlier this year. She had also appeared on a magazine cover wearing just the armed undergarment, while the rest of the world fainted!Some Other Gaga Shockers Gaga wore a gown made of purple hair woven into her own locks during her Born This Way Ball tour in Hong Kong this year. In 2011, Gaga promoted the use of condoms on an American TV show by er... wearing one \u2014 as a latex dress, that is! At a charity campaign concert in Japan in 2010, Gaga wore a bandaged dress that appeared to have dissected her to pieces! The same year, Gaga belted out hits like 'Telephone' and 'Brown eyes' in a spiked head-gear and spiked corset on a TV show. At a music awards in 2009, the singer wore a bird's nest on her face much to the surprise and shock of the audience!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "parlapalli (karimnagar)", "code": "14597252", "title": "Resentment over chemical factory in Andhra", "text": "PARLAPALLI (KARIMNAGAR): Kanakaiah is seething with rage. \"Our lives are endangered. Women and children are complaining about health problems. Even cattle dread to consume water because the ground water is polluted,\" he rues. The 60-year-old farmer's grouse is against a chemical factory in this village of Thimmapur mandal and wants the management to immediately close the unit.\"Several pleas to the factory management have fallen on their deaf ears. We will intensify our struggle till they close the factory,\" Kanakaiah warns. Giving vent to their ire, enraged villagers attacked Haritha Bio-Products India Ltd factory last week and damaged factory vehicles and furniture. When hundreds of villagers entered the factory premises, panicked employees ran helter-skelter. Twelve lorries and a Tata Sumo were damaged, while furniture and computers were destroyed by the angry mob.People believe that effluents and gases released from the factory were damaging their crops and polluting the water sources.\"Several villagers have developed respiratory and skin-related problems because of the pollutants emitted by Haritha unit,\"points out Ramshankar, a registered medical practitioner. The chemical factory was set up eight months ago. It produces raw material for manufacturing ethanol, rectified spirit, industrial spirit and other chemicals. \"\"The stench emitted by the factory is unbearable. We cannot reside close to the factory or breathe properly,\"\" complained Ramalakshmi, a villager.While the government authorites promised to take action against the pollutant unit, villagers are demanding that the factory be closed to save their lives. \"Not only our crops are withering, but our lives are in grave danger. The authorities must come to our rescue,\" another villager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14573323", "title": "Pranab most eligible as President: TMC MLA", "text": "Kolkata: The dissent has been brewing in the ranks for sometime. On Sunday, Trinamool MLA Sikha Mitra, who is also the wife of party MP Somen Mitra, chose a seminar to mark Dr B C Roy's 130th birth anniversary at the state Congress headquarters to vent her ire in public and endorse Pranab Mukherjee as the most eligible person for the President's post.While Sikha said she'll toe the party line on the presidential polls, her open criticism of \"politics of sycophancy\" was enough to create a flutter in the political circles. Her attack was actually directed towards Trinamool's political culture, felt observers.Also, in saying that first she is Somen Mitra's wife and her identity as a politician comes next, Sikha left enough indication that her statements are fully endorsed by her husband. Somen, however, said: \"Do not look for politics into it.\"Sikha said: \"Dr B C Roy was the chief minister when Bengal was in a bad shape, he never gave any excuse, but dared to dream and built a new Bengal. People will never ask you how you did a job, they vote for you in the hope that you will do it for them. You cannot always come up with a negative reply.\" Mamata often says that the ever-increasing debt burden is stopping her government from fulfilling her dreams.Interestingly, both Somen Mitra and state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya were on the dais when Sikha made these comments. The Mitra couple's visit to Bidhan Bhavan on Sunday morning - and again during the evening seminar - set the rumour mill running.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571538", "title": "Victims of child abuse suffer from depression, anxiety in adult life", "text": "JAIPUR: The horror of child abuse may continue to haunt the victims even after they enter adulthood. Symptoms of depression and anxiety are often reported in people who have been abused as children.Psychiatrists claim that a majority of child abuse cases go unreported. As a result, children are denied proper counselling and in some cases special help. This could lead to serious psychological disorders affecting a person's normal life.Dr R K Solanki, in-charge of psychiatric centre at Sawai Man Singh hospital said, \"Since it is a stigma, people who come to the hospital are always careful that their identity should not be revealed.\"Solanki, however, added that most victims and their families dread reporting these incidents.Among one of the difficulties faced by the victims is their inability to place trust on anyone. Consultant psychiatrist Dr Rakesh Khandelwal said, \"The child abuse victims do not trust people easily. They live under depression and stress. Also, it is seen that the girls find it difficult to develop interpersonal relationships with their husbands.\"Most cases of child abuse, Khandelwal said, come to light during adolescence or adulthood, when people come to seek psychiatric help for depression and stress. \"When we trace the history of such patients (adult), they often turn out to be child abuse victims.\"A government commissioned survey whose figures were released in 2007 showed that over 53% children in India were subjected to sexual abuse. It further stated that majority of the cases went unreported.Doctors suggest that parents should sensitize their children about child abuse and also ensure that they report such incidents to them. Communication gap, if any, should be bridged between the parents and children.On the legislation front, the government is keen on seeing the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill through. The bill advocates stricter punishment for abusers. The bill has already been passed in the Lok Sabha and now awaits the President's nod.Govind Beniwal, member of Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights said, \"Earlier, child abuse was not defined category wise but the new bill clearly mentions the term of punishment for the guilty as per the kind of abuse.\"Under the bill, a child abuser may face a three-year imprisonment to even life term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593186", "title": "Avatar Maniac and Ravi Bal team up for Haneri", "text": "An ominous rumble in the air lingers as swirling winds charge forth and a volatile surge in pressure closes in... a storm of unparalleled magnitude is brewing! Prepare for your senses to be engulfed by the colossal vocal chords of one Avtar Maniac; the raw, undiluted force behind Folk You and 2 Extreme.Following a uncharacteristic quiet spell on the sidelines the mercurial folk specialist has called upon illustrious producer and modern-age musical marvel Ravi Bal to provide the canvas for Haneri - a 4-track EP releasing via Moviebox that ought to come with a safety disclaimer such is the intensity of the sounds unleashed by the duo!Holding nothing in reserve, Dhann Kaur (Ravi Bal Mix) is a signal of intent, a white-knuckle adrenaline rush that is set on its way in smouldering fashion by mighty Maniac over an equally forceful and unrestrained backing courtesy of Ravi Bal that is full of bold, sweeping percussion and extravagant sarangi pieces. The explosive vocals alongside an animated and compelling composition prove an overwhelming blend that builds up to a crescendo for Maniac to wax lyrical about the eye of the storm, the dominant Dhan Kaur herself!Producer Ravi Bal opts to stay in the folk fast-lane with Aaja Makhana and Maniac is all too happy to oblige as his razor-sharp vocals gel in fine style on this signature offering from RBP. Keen to show that he can adapt to different musical styles, Avtar Maniac takes to the less conventional, more contemporary Pashaan Mitro with similar gusto and effortlessly negotiates the engaging rhythm inextricably crafted by Bal. The singer further brings his folk A-game to Anakhi Punjabi and demonstrates his astonishing range, clarity and natural vocal ferocity on this hearty number. With the tempo cranked up a notch, Ravi Bal maintains an all-important bite to the percussion and produces a masterclass on keys on this pride-fuelled track which Maniac thrives upon. The Maniac-RBP powerhouse ensures there is no let-up throughout proceedings. Beware, Haneri (Storm) is set to cause widespread chaos and leave a path of destruction in its wake!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600600", "title": "Anushka becomes Bollywood's inspiration!", "text": "There are no two words in saying that the awesome beauty Anushka has been the ruling queen of the south cinema. Though she doesn't come up with back to back films like Kajal Agarwal or Tamannah or Samantha, Anushka has got her own mark which is duly respected by many cine folks.Now, it is heard that Anushka has become an inspiration for the Bollywood folks, especially the heroines. The reason for that is her voluptuous body with the right curves at the right places. Yes, Bollywood has always been obsessed with size zero figures and slender bodies.But after looking at Anushka, many heroines have begun to take the same path. The likes of Kareena Kapoor and Vidya Balan are already there and now even the hot and sexy Bipasha Basu is joining that club. With the starlets putting on curvaceous bodies, the men are going to have a blast.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14567951", "title": "2 \u2018insurance agents\u2019 held for cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were arrested for allegedly cheating people by posing as executives of an insurance company.Praveen Kumar and Hukam Chand were held on Friday following probe into a complaint by a businessman, Masood Ahmed, who alleged he was cheated of Rs 1.43 lakh by two persons, Chhaya Sharma, deputy commissioner of police (South), said. Of the Rs 1.43 lakh, police has managed to recover Rs 95,000.\"They used to call clients of insurance companies whose premiums were due. On the pretext of collecting premium, they would visit houses and with the help of a 'magic pen', they would fill details in the cheque and offer the magic pen to the victim to sign. Later they would heat the cheque and as the ink would heat up, details filled in the cheque would disappear.\"The accused would then fill new details like name, amount and the date and withdraw the money from victim's account,\" Sharma said. The complainant was approached by the duo on June 26 and obtained a cheque of Rs 7,300. Later, he was informed by his bank that Rs 1.43 lakh has been withdrawn by one Anil Dhama who had given a copy of his PAN card as identity and a mobile number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14567518", "title": "Another Gurgaon kid fell into pit, but saved", "text": "GURGAON: Only a few days after 4-year-old Mahi could not be rescued from a 60ft-deep, abandoned borewell, a one-and-a-half-year-old child fell into a 18ft pit in Palam Vihar on Sunday evening but was rescued in time.Sachin fell into the pit at Chauma near S-Block of Palam Vihar around 6.45pm. Locals said the child was playing in the open when he suddenly fell into the pit. Even in this case, locals alleged, police reached around 45 minutes after the incident was reported. The incident also shows how the district administration failed to take action against abandoned pits in the city even after Mahi's death.After police, the rescue team, a private ambulance and officials of the district administration reached the spot, two earthmovers were deployed and started digging the entire patch on one side of the pit and brought the child out around 9.15pm. Sachin was taken to General Hospital , Gurgaon, where he was admitted to NICU. Doctors said he was safe.Sources said the pit was dug by employees of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) for erecting electricity pole. DCP (west) Surendra Pal also confirmed this. The pit was dug by the contractor for earthing the electricity wires of high voltage distribution system.Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena said an FIR had been lodged against the junior engineer, the sub-divisional officer of power utilities who were supposed to supervise the work and also the contractor who was implementing the job on the site. The officials have been suspended.Meena said Sachin was the son of a labourer working at the site. They live in nearby houses. Sachin's father Krishan and mother Pooja were relived to find the child safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598692", "title": "Aamir or Vidya may flag off 43rd IFFI", "text": "Super star Aamir Khan or actor Vidya Balan are likely to flag off the 43rd edition of International Film Festival of India (IFFI), Goa, from November 20 to November 30, 2012.The union information and broadcasting ministry in Delhi held a IFFI core committee meeting to review and discuss the progress and preparation for the IFFI.Sources present at the meeting said, \"The names of Aamir Khan and Vidya Balan were discussed to invite them for the opening and closing ceremony of IFFI.\" Sources also said that they have just discussed the names, but nothing has been finalized so far.Shah Rukh Khan had inaugurated the 42nd edition of IFFI.The members also decided to extend the term of chief executive officer of entertainment society of Goa (ESG), Manoj Srivastava.Goa had hosted the first IFFI in 2004 and since then the state has become the permanent venue for IFFI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14566047", "title": "Credit flow to minorities misses target in state", "text": "At the 178th meeting of the State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC-AP) held last week, bankers patted themselves for exceeding the targets under annual credit plan for 2011-12. As against the targeted Rs 73,316 crore, the actual credit flow under priority sector during the year grossed Rs 78,776 crore, indicating an achievement of 107%. The outstanding priority sector advances as on March 31, 2012 totalled Rs 1,79,743 crore, or 54.92% of the aggregate net bank credit, as against the prescribed RBI norm of 40%.An alarming statistic was, however, ignored: For yet another financial year, Andhra Pradesh has failed to achieve the 15% target of priority sector lending (PSL) to the minority communities. As on March 31, 2012, lending to minorities under PSL was put at Rs 12,124 crore, constituting only 6.75% of priority sector advances. Despite frequent prodding by ministry of finance and RBI, the bankers in the state could not step up the minority community lending (MCL) to the stipulated 15% of PSL.On the other hand, the nation-wide figures look impressive. PSL to minorities has shown constant and steady rise from 10.6% in 2007-08, 12.41% in 2008-09 and 13.01% in 2009-10 to 14.16% in 2010-11 and 14.83% in 2011-12. The total outstanding advances to the minorities reached Rs 1,54,790 crore as against the target of Rs 1,84,163 crore.The RBI had issued a master circular in July 2007 to all the scheduled commercial banks, including those in public and private sector, to improve loan availability to all the identified minority communities (Muslims, Christians, Sikhs and Buddhists). The circular advised the banks to create special cells, appoint nodal officers and closely monitor the credit flow to minorities.The issue of minority community lending does figure in the agenda of all SLBC meetings, but the targets remain elusive, quarter after quarter and year after year. After the 177th SLBC meeting, a sub-committee was formed to review the progress on loans to minority communities and ST, SCs. A meeting of the sub-committee was held in May 2012 to discuss the issues causing low progress.AP State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) managing director informed the sub-panel that the density of minority population was very high in the Old City but adequate numbers of bank branches were not opened to cater to the needs of minorities. He complained that banks were rejecting applications sponsored by APSMFC on the specious plea that there was poor recovery of loans advanced to minority beneficiaries.The sub-committee advised the lead district managers (LDMs) to discuss the progress under minority community lending in all District Consultative Committee (DCC) meetings and also to convene special DCC meetings exclusively to sort out the issues affecting the credit flow.The bankers are advised to advance MSME (micro, small and medium enterprise) loans to the minority entrepreneurs to enhance the credit finance by conducting awareness programmes in MSME clusters where minority population is concentrated.In a bid to enhance the PSL to ensure economic empowerment of minorities through employment generation, the PM's 15-point programme for welfare of minorities lays emphasis on creating adequate infrastructure for accessing credit. The department of financial services under ministry of finance has directed the public sector banks (PSBs) to open more branches in districts having substantial minority population. Nation-wide, 3,278 branches have been opened since 2007-08 in such districts.The DCCs of leading banks have been asked to regularly monitor the disposal and rejection of loan applications for minorities. To promote micro-finance among women, 6,03,087 accounts have been opened for minority women with Rs 6,612 crore as micro-credit in 2011-12 all over the country. All PSBs are organizing awareness campaigns in blocks/districts/towns with substantial minority population. Leading banks are also tasked to organize entrepreneurial development programmes in such places with minority population. Unless the bankers enthusiastically follow the guidelines for stepping up minority community lending, they may end up missing the targets.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and a journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "sks nagar", "code": "14579509", "title": "Cross with care on Pakhowal Road", "text": "SKS Nagar: Devoid of traffic lights and blinkers the crossing near Jatinder Gambhir hospital on Pakhowal Road has been posing problems for commuters. \"Every day while we have to go to office and also when we have to come back there is a lot of problem as there is fast-moving traffic on this road but there are no signs to indicate that there is a crossing which makes things really difficult and dangerous,\" said Bobby Prabhakar, a resident of SKS Nagar.Rajinder Singh, who also lives in the vicinity, said the authorities should install blinkers on the crossing so that commuters may slow down anticipating the traffic coming from SKS Nagar. \"The biggest difficulty is for those who are unfamiliar with the area since they miss the crossing and end up going around in circles,\" he said. Aseem Kumar Joshi, another resident of the area, said there should be traffic lights since the way from this crossing leads to SKS Nagar and also links it with Sua Road that further links it with areas like Dugri, Urban Vihar and Flower Enclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600888", "title": "Getting ready on Monday morning takes longer", "text": "Women take extra time to getting ready on a Monday than any other day, according to a new study.They devote extra time to their hair, make-up and clothes at the start of the week so they can make a good impression on colleagues, the Daily Mail reported.But standards slip with each passing day, with four in ten women admitting they stopped making an effort by Wednesday.And one in five of the 2,000 women polled by skincare firm Simple said their workload built up so much during the week they didn't have time to spend ages on their appearance.The survey found that women typically spend 39 minutes getting ready on a Monday, dropping to 32 minutes by on Tuesday.Wednesdays and Thursdays were rushed, taking 29 minutes, but Friday's preparations increased to 33 minutes as the weekend nears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14577503", "title": "Indian couple gets $36m in damages", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian couple, who sustained serious injuries in an accident in the US in 2010, has been awarded a $36.48 million as compensation by a California court.A Riverside County Superior Court jury awarded $36.48 million to Prakash Sheth, 64, and his wife, Jashiree Sheth, 58, from Mumbai, whose car was struck by a big-rig on Interstate 10 in Beaumont two years ago.At the time of the accident , the Sheths were visiting the US from India and were on their way to an airport in Orange County for a family vacation in Hawaii .According to the plaintiffs' attorneys, the Sheths were being driven by an American relative to John Wayne Airport in Santa Ana when their vehicle was hit by a 18-wheeler truck that went around the victims' car but failed to completely clear the sedan while changing lanes, Valley news reported.\"The impact of the truck caused the Sheths' vehicle to spin out of control across the freeway, where it hit the median barrier and was struck by another vehicle,\" according to a statement released by the law firm representing the couple.All of the occupants were hurt, but Jashiree received the worst injuries, including a spinal fracture that left her paralyzed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "14567707", "title": "Faridabad youth had earphones on, train mowed him down", "text": "FARIDABAD: A 24-year-old youth, who had his earphones on, was run over by a train near Ballabgarh station in Faridabad on Saturday night.According to police, Rahul a resident of Subhash Colony in Ballabgarh and was working as a driver of a water tanker.Praveen Bansal, investigating officer, GRP said that Rahul was crossing the railway track with earphones plugged in when a train from Mathura side run him over. His body was handed over to his family after postmortem.Rahul is originally from Hapur in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571993", "title": "Humid easterly winds raise hope of rain", "text": "KANPUR: The hot westerly winds were replaced by humid easterly and south-easterly winds on Sunday. This had raised hopes of rainfall in the near future.Meteorologists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that easterly winds were blowing on Sunday, which is a positive sign for the arrival of monsoon. If the same wind pattern continues for four to five days continuously, it may onset monsoon.The easterlies winds from Bay of Bengal may bring monsoon currents. There are chances of scattered rain later his this week.The wait for rain is becoming quite long this year. The city missed the date with monsoon, which is June 18. According to the weatherman, June was the driest month in past three decades this year.Meanwhile, both the minimum and maximum temperature remained above normal. The maximum temperature was 43 degrees Celsius on Sunday. The minimum stood at 27.6 degrees. The humidity increased even when the sky was sunny due to easterly winds. The humidity in the morning was 53%, which reduced to 34% in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570463", "title": "Two more arrested over boy\u2019s death at fair", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons who had dumped the body of Mayur Thakor, 9, in Palanpur were arrested by crime branch officials on Sunday. Mayur, a resident of Chamundanagar, was electrocuted while watching bike stunts at the maut ka kuaan (globe of death), at OM Funfair in Naroda on June 24. To avoid trouble event organisers decided to dispose off the boy's body.Crime branch ACP Mayur Chawda said six persons have been arrested in the case. \"The owner of the maut ka kuaan Shaukat who had fled to Ajmer with his family after the incident could not be traced there too. Now only Shaukat remains to be arrested in this case. All the accused have been booked for murder,\" said Chawda.The two who were arrested on Sunday are - Balaji Thakore and Devchand Mishra, residents of Patan. \"The duo had taken the boy's body to Palanpur in their car and dumped it there. Immediately after Mayur's death, the fair's owner, Krunal Bhatt, had taken the body to Adalaj on his bike. Balaji and Devchand, who are Bhatt's partners, met him in Adalaj and took the body away in their car,\" said crime branch officials.Crime branch officials are now waiting for the postmortem report to ascertain the cause of death and whether the boy was alive when he was taken to Palanpur.Crime branch officials said Mayur went to Om Funfair with his elder brother with Rs 10 in his pocket. Fascinated by bike stunts, he stayed back even as his brother headed home at 8 pm. When Mayur did not return till 11pm, his parents approached the police. A search operation by cops could not find him. Meanwhile, police got a tip-off on Thursday that Abdul Aziz Bagwan alias Kalwa \u2014 a man working at the fair \u2014 knew about the missing boy.\"Kalwa confessed that Mayur had come to watch the stunts and was electrocuted after he accidentally touched a metal wire connected to a battery,\" said a cop.The organizers panicked when the boy was found unconscious and took him to a nearby tent. They feared that the news of the boy's death would enrage people. Shaukat and other organizers then decided to take the body away from the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14603337", "title": "Musharraf does not rule out fresh military takeover in Pakistan", "text": "LONDON: Claiming that Pakistan was being run to the ground, the country's former military ruler Pervez Musharraf has not ruled out a fresh military takeover of the nation.\"The state is being run to the ground at the moment, and people are again running to the military to save the country,\" Musharraf told a gathering in Aspen in Colorado in the US.While he maintained that Pakistan's constitution was \"sacrosanct\", the former dictator also questioned: \"Should we save the country, and do something unconstitutional or uphold the constitution of the country, and let the state go down?\"The comments from the former general, who still retains close ties to the military back home, came as Pakistan is in throes of a political crisis with friction between the executive, judiciary and the military.Vowing to return home on his \"own accord\", Musharraf shrugged off calls in his country for Interpol to arrest him saying he was prepared to risk arrest by returning for elections, which he claimed would be held this year.The former military ruler's appearance in the US came just days after Pakistan's federal intelligence agency sent a second reminder to the Interpol to arrest him, labelling him a \"proclaimed offender\" in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto in 2007, reports 'The Guardian'.The general repeated his previous assertions that he would return voluntarily, \"even at risk to my life\".\"I know I see Pakistan and I know it has all the potential to do well for itself, now at this moment it's being run to the ground,\" said Musharraf who currently lives in the UK and Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14598293", "title": "TET eludes Goa for second consecutive year", "text": "PANAJI: Talk about putting your cart before the horse. The Goa education department issued a circular last year barring schools from appointing teachers who have cleared the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET). The state then realized belatedly that it does not have the resources to conduct the TET. Goa is still awaiting its first TET one-and-a-half year later.A circular issued by the directorate of education (DoE) in January 2011 prohibits schools from appointing teachers unless they clear the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET), as required under the Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009.The responsibility of conducting the state TET was handed over to the State Council for Educational Research and Training (SCERT). One TET was to be held before the new academic year last year was to begin on June 6, 2011. The January circular still stands but citing 'lack of infrastructure' the plan to hold the state TET has not materialized for the second year now.Several teachers in Goa, employed on a contract basis or presently filling in temporary vacancies for teachers on leave and looking for a full-time job, might find themselves in a fix.Fearing being rendered jobless, many teachers across the state have applied for the Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET).Clearing the TET has been made mandatory for teachers who have a diploma in education, but is not necessary for teachers who possess a degree in education.The TET would test the general and subject knowledge along with a candidate's teaching skills. The National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) will ensure that TET standards are high like in the case of NET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14588120", "title": "Mumbai police arrests gang involved in robbing motorists", "text": "MUMBAI: There is some good news for the car owners particularly those driving in the eastern suburbs and getting robbed of their personal belongings.The city crime branch arrested three persons who fled away with valuables after diverting the motorists' attention.Selvam Maharaja Pillai (32) Shankar Krishnan (27) and Hari Velayetham Krishnan (29), who are natives of Tamil Nadu, were arrested from near Aurora theatre in Matunga.The modus operandi of the accused was to divert the driver's attention by either throwing some cash on the road or by saying that the car's wheel nut was loose or by saying that the right tyre was punctured.Once the driver got off from the vehicle or peeped from the window to check the tyre for puncture or a loose wheel nut, the other accused would strike. They would flee with booty like mobile, laptops or other personal belongings.Inspector Venkat Patil and Vinayak Vast recovered a laptop, i-pad, mobile phones, accessories and Rs 53,000 cash.\"When the driver of the vehicle alights the vehicle, the accused stole the valuables,\" said Niket Kaushik additional commissioner of police.The accused were arrested by Bhandup police in the past and have at least committed 40 offences in the city particularly eastern suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14578157", "title": "528 &amp; counting: The odyssey of space travellers", "text": "How many humans have gone into space?Space is defined by scientists to begin from 100km above ground. By this definition 528 people from 38 countries have visited space till now, including the three-member Chinese crew that returned to earth on Friday. Of these 18 people died in accidents.Which was the first living being to travel in space?Initially, scientists sent animals to space to understand the physiological impact of weightlessness on the living body in assessing the technical capability to launch a living being. In the late 1940s the Americans launched four monkeys and a mouse by using V-2 rockets . In 1957 Laika, a dog from the Soviet Union became the first living being to orbit the earth. Subsequently, in April 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first human to orbit the earth and return safely.How does change in gravity affect the human body?Weightlessness can disturb the heart's rhythm which can be life threatening. High acceleration when the spaceship reenters and descends to earth causes low blood pressure and it is observed that some astronauts were not able to stand up after landing. Our muscle and skeleton system can be severely impacted by zero gravity. It can also cause bodily fluid to shift headwards, leading to severe headache. The human thirst mechanism is deeply impacted with by the logistics of water intake in weightless conditions, causing loss of body fluid.What is space sickness?Space Adaptation Syndrome, commonly known as space sickness, is the most visible sign of transition into a zero gravity environment. Weightless conditions can cause nausea, visual illusions and disorientation . The brain reacts as if the person has eaten some poisonous plant and causes vomiting. Medication, otherwise is not prescribed as it is considered better to allow travellers to naturally adapt.Why is radiation exposure such a serious issue in space travel?The space travellers are exposed to solar flares and galactic cosmic rays. Astronauts are also exposed to Van Allen radiation belt. Exposure to radiation can cause many health problems which include nausea , vomiting, fatigue, skin injury , change in white blood cell counts and impairment of the immune system. It can also cause long term health impact like damaging eyes, lungs and the central nervous system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572019", "title": "Chennai's green cover will be doubled by 2025: D Jayakumar", "text": "CHENNAI: The ongoing tree plantation campaign by the state government will increase the green cover of Chennai in another 10 years, said D Jayakumar, speaker of the Tamil Nadu assembly. Inaugurating a programme to observe National Recycling Day organized by the ITC Group, Jayakumar said Royapuram, the crucial coastal region of Chennai, which has been suffering from severe pollution for several decades, will get a facelift within five years as the area is recovering its green cover.\"More than 7,000 saplings are being protected in the 2-km area in Royapuram by the local authorities and residents will make it a model region for Chennai,\" he said. Students from around 120 schools and more than 350 corporate firms, participated in the programme.Meanwhile, more than 30 saplings were planted on the Combined Court premise in Alandur on Sunday to mark the first anniversary of the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571687", "title": "Samples of medicines collected from women\u2019s hospital", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of food and drug department, after receiving complaints regarding distribution of sub-standard medicines in LLR Hospital and its units, had collected five samples of medicines from the Upper India Sugar Exchange Jachcha Bachcha Hospital.According to sources, substandard drugs are being supplied by the medical firms, which were given contract for providing medicines in the hospitals. Since the past two years, cases of distribution of sub-standard medicines have increased at LLR.The substandard medicines include a batch of 'ciprofloxcine', 'amicasine' and 'starvastatin'.Five other medicines were found substandard in the stock of Sugar Exchange Jachcha Bachcha Hospital. A similar case was reported at the Jachcha Bachcha hospital in July last year in which 10 women patients were administered substandard injections which led to suffocation and shivering among them.Incidents of medicinal reaction among hemophiliac children also came to light in LLR Hospital in the same month. The blood factor administered to the children reacted and caused complications among the children.Contrary to the claims made by the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital authorities that a committee would be formed to investigate the incident, nothing has been done.No committee was constituted. Even the health department had not taken steps to inquire the cause of reaction and several complaints made by patients and their attendants in this regard.According to sources, no pharmacist was involved in the process of tender to supply medicines in the hospital which was not fair as per the government norms. There are several new companies supplying medicines in the hospital.Mediators between the medicine companies and hospital are also playing ugly role in this mismanagement.When TOI tried to contact GSVM Medical College principal Anand Swaroop, who is also the incharge of LLR Hospital, he initially refused to comment by saying that he was busy in a meeting. Later, he stopped receiving the phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14590556", "title": "26/11: Pakistan says Mumbai attackers were helped by 40 Indians", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Days after terror suspect Zabiuddin Ansari's revelations about the Mumbai attacks being controlled and facilitated from Karachi, Pakistani authorities have claimed 40 Indian nationals were involved in the terrorist incident.\"Our information is that there were at least 40 Indian nationals who helped the attackers. We want India to come clean on this,\" an unnamed official of Pakistan's Foreign Office was quoted as saying by The Express Tribune.Pakistan will \"push\" India to share details of the recent arrest of Ansari alias Abu Jundal when the foreign secretaries of the two countries meet in Delhi this week, the report said.The two-day talks between the foreign secretaries, beginning on July 4, are expected to be dominated by Ansari's arrest and subsequent claims by Indian authorities, the report further said.The Foreign Office official said Pakistan will ask India to share details of Ansari's arrest.\"India has yet not shared anything with us about this arrest,\" the official said.Pakistan had been saying that the Mumbai attacks would not have been possible without help from Indian nationals, he claimed.The official further claimed Indian authorities had \"always been reluctant to give us the full picture\" of the investigation into the Mumbai attacks.\"When a Pakistani judicial commission visited India to collect evidence, it was stopped from cross-examining the witnesses,\" he claimed.Pakistan could take \"decisive action\" if it is provided details of the investigation, the official claimed.\"We cannot act on hearsay,\" he said.Indian officials have maintained that an agreement finalised between Delhi and Islamabad before the commission's visit made it very clear that the panel would not be allowed to cross-examine witnesses.Ansari, an Indian national, was arrested after being deported from Saudi Arabia .Indian officials have said that Ansari was travelling on a Pakistani passport.Ansari has confessed to investigators that he was in a control room in Karachi from where the 10 terrorists who carried out the Mumbai attacks were controlled, home minister P Chidambaram has said.Pakistani authorities arrested seven suspects, including Lashkar-e-Taiba operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, after the Mumbai attacks but their trial has stalled for over a year now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566476", "title": "Women storm liquor shop, loot bottles", "text": "HYDERABAD: A group of women demanding closure of a newly-opened wine shop in Saidappa Basti in Film Nagar stormed the premises and destroyed and looted Rs 15 lakh worth bottles on Sunday evening.The owner of the shop, P Pramod Kumar, had got the licence to run the liquor shop in the auctions held recently. \"Before the shell-shocked staff could react, around 100 women barged into the shop and began destroying bottles and some of them even took away the more expensive liquor bottles. The shop owner said that he had opened the shop on Sunday with Rs 20 lakh worth stock and at least Rs 15 lakh worth goods were lost,\" Banjara Hills sub-inspector (SI) M Venkateswar Rao said.Though Pramod Kumar refused to comment on the possible motive of the attack, local police said that it was an act of revenge by a local politician whose candidate had lost in the draw conducted for the shop's licence.No police complaint was lodged by the shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571096", "title": "Driver of the 'police' vehicle in hit-and-run case arrested, released on bail", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after police initiated investigations in the matter where a 22-year-old young boy pursing BTech was run over reportedly by a government vehicle belonging to deputy commissioner of police(east) Satveer Singh, the police arrested the driver of the said vehicle.Senior officers of the Jaipur police commissionerate have been trying hard to cover up the matter despite the fact that an FIR had already been lodged at accident (east) police station on June 22 when Vikram Singh was hit by a rashly-driven government vehicle.\"The driver Inder Raj (40) was arrested on Sunday on the charges of 304-A (death due to negligence) and he was released on bail,\" said an officer with the accident (east) police station on Sunday.Despite the fact that it was confirmed that vehicle RJ 14 CC 1509 belonged to DCP (east) Satveer Singh, the authorities are yet to investigate if the officer was sitting in the vehicle when the accident took place.The laidback approach of the police could be seen in the case as after arresting the driver the police did not interrogate him much to find out if the DCP(east) was sitting in the car or not.\"He said that DCP (east) Singh was not sitting in the vehicle. However, we have asked additional DCP (traffic) Om Prakash Sharma to investigate the matter,\" said Lata Manoj Kumar, DCP (traffic). However, the officer in question, Satveer Singh, had already said on Saturday that he was not aware of any such accident and asserted that he was ready to cooperate with the investigations.\"There could be a possibility that when the accident took place the DCP(east) was not in the vehicle. The investigations are on to find out if he was in the vehicle,\" said a senior police officer.Vikram Singh was hit by a government vehicle. The matter came to light when he succumbed to his injuries at SMS hospital on Friday night. While the youth lay dying on the road the driver of the vehicle fled without making any efforts to offer assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14580031", "title": "Hostel guide", "text": "Outstation students seeking admission to Delhi University college hostels are likely to have a difficult time getting a seat this year. Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe race for a hostel seat to Delhi University colleges has begun alongside the admission process as most colleges have begun the sale of hostel registration forms with the release of the second cut-off list. Outstation students seeking admission to hostels this year have tough competition with limited seats and a large number of students scoring above 90%.Lady Shri Ram (LSR) in South Campus started distributing hostel registration forms from June 29, when the second cut-off list was announced. The college hostel, out of the total 300 seats, has 100 seats on offer for the new first-year students . Admission to the hostel is strictly on the basis of merit, while eight-10 students per course are admitted.\"Hostel seats are in demand as there has been a surge in online outstation applications this year. Over the past few years, 60-70 % of the students have been from outside Delhi. The rush in hostel admissions is also due to factors like security and affordable fee as most parents feel it is a safer choice and affordable in comparison to a rented accommodation,\" says Kanika Khandelwal, faculty and media-coordinator , LSR.Most colleges in the North Campus, including Miranda House, Hindu, Hansraj and Kirori Mal College (KMC), have started the process of interviewing suitable candidates for admission to respective hostels. The final list of students getting admission is expected to be out by July 15.Students planning to take admission to KMC and Hindu can apply for hostels anytime, while admissions are on. Both the colleges have hostel facility only for boys, with a capacity of 175 and 80 seats respectively.\"Admission to the hostel is purely on the basis of academic merit. However, among other facilities like double-seated rooms and sports utility, the hostel will have a wi-fi facility for students from the new session,\" says K Amarendra Singh, faculty and hostel warden, KMC.Hindu College will put up its final list for hostel admissions a day before the session begins on July 23. According to Chandrachur Singh , faculty and hostel in-charge , \"The hostel has on offer two general seats per subject. Students in our hostel, unlike others, get access to around three lakh e-journals from around the world.\"Miranda House, which currently has a capacity of 250 seats in the hostel, is coming up with a new extension block. \"The new extension block of the hostel, which will be able to house 100 more students, is under construction. The new block is expected to get ready by sometime this year,\" says Pratibha Jolly, principal of Miranda House.Student queriesLady Shri Ram (LSR) in South Campus started distributing hostel registration forms from June 29 Most colleges in the North Campus, including Miranda House, Hindu, Hansraj and Kirori Mal College (KMC), have started the process of interviewing suitable candidates for admission to respective hostels. The final list of students getting admission is expected to be out by July 15 Hindu College will put up its final list for hostel admissions a day before the session begins on July 23At a glanceThe college hostel of Lady Shri Ram (LSR) in South Campus, out of the total 300 seats, has 100 seats on offer for first year students. admission to the hostel is strictly on the basis of Merit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14587076", "title": "Bhanwari Devi murder case: Jodhpur police arrests Kailash Jakhar", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jodhpur police have arrested Kailash Jakhar one of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case.A team of Jodhpur police was franticly looking for Jakhar since June 14 when 15 armed assailants opened fire and assisted him to flee from the police custody.\"He was arrested from Sujangarh in Churu district of the state during wee hours on Monday. Our police team which was already camping in the area arrested him and are bringing him to Jodhpur,\" said Bhupendra Dak, commissioner of police, Jodhpur on Monday.The arrest came prior to July 5 which is the next date of hearing of the Bhanwari Devi case. If Jakhar would not have been arrested before July 5 the court would have had to declare him 'absconding'.Police had arrested 10 persons following the incident when armed assailants opened fire in a Jodhpur court premises and freed Jhakar.\"In the investigation it was found that he was hiding in Bikaner or Churu. Thus two teams of police were pressed into surveillance in these area. Some informers told us that Jakhar was hiding at a place near Sujangarh,\" Dak added.It may be recalled that Rajasthan police had also announced a reward of Rs 50,000 on Jakhar.Jakhar is a key member of Bishna Ram gang who was allegedly involved in murder of Bhanwari Devi. Seventeen persons, including Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Bishnoi have been chargesheeted by CBI in this connection.Bhnawari Devi a dalit woman who was working at ANM went missing on September, 1, 2011.Investigations suggested that the armed assailants had opened fire in court as they had come to rescue their leader Bishna Ram Bishnoi, who is a key accused in the Bhanwari Devi case. They had planned a custodial escape for Bishnoi but ended up picking Kailash Jakhar.They wanted to free him for finalizing an illegal deal of land worth Rs 2 crore.Police in its investigation had also found that the gang had planned out the firing in the Osian village of Jodhpur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568652", "title": "Members oppose club revamp plan Bombay Gym renovation plan draws members' ire", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of Bombay Gymkhana, one of the oldest clubs in the city, have expressed reservations at a proposed renovation project that they claim will denude the Grade I structure of its heritage features. They accuse the management of having hastily cleared the plan averaging an investment of Rs 10-16 crore without inviting rival bids or formal tenders.In a counter-letter to members, club president Rajeshwar R Bajaaj criticized the existing design of Bombay Gym, comparing it to \"a restaurant in Andheri\". He added, \"Tendering for architects would not have thrown up the best as reputed architectural firms would not respond to tender notices and open competition.\" Bajaaj declined comment for this article.\"If the plan is implemented, the character of Bombay Gym will be altered forever. It will turn from a classy heritage club to a common five-star hotel,\" says a member who joined a signature campaign to veto the proposal. \"The architect who is appointed plans to replace the classic white look with polished wood, old floor tiles with horrendous black and white marble, and the quaint old lamps with crystal chandeliers. Clearly, she has no concept of what a heritage club is.\"The contract is assigned to a prominent conservation architect who is handling several government projects at this time. Members allege that she has described herself as an \"interior designer\" in her bid and hasno previous experience in renovating a club. \"The city does not even have a heritage committee to clear the proposal but premature payments have been made to her even before work begins,\" says a member who has started a campaign named 'Save Bombay Gym' on www.ipetition.com.\"The structure and the interiors are in perfectly good condition, there is no need for such extensive overhaul worth crores,\" says a senior citizen.The management passed the renovation plan at a casual open house rather than calling a formal meeting or informing members of the agenda. \"The few people who were present were asked to approve the plan on the spot. They did not get to see any competing designs or proposals,\" says a rebel. Interestingly, Some of the country's prominent conservationists and architects are members of the club.It is also understood that the club's lease expired recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14569158", "title": "32-year-old kills self", "text": "A 32-year-old unemployed man committed suicide at his Santa Cruz (E) residence on Saturday. Vakola cops said the man hanged himself from the fan when his family members were not at home.The deceased, Dilip Kangane, lived with his mother and elder brother. Kangane's brother discovered his body when he returned from work at 8pm.Their mother was at a relative's place at the time of the incident, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "14565939", "title": "Man beaten to death by villagers", "text": "NALGONDA: A man was allegedly lynched by a group of villagers in Ravulapalem in Vemulapalle mandal in Nalgonda district on Sunday after branding him as a sorcerer.Ramakoti was dragged out of his home and ruthlessly beaten up by angry villagers leading to his death. They alleged that he was practising witchcraft on the villagers. They blamed him for some of the deaths that happened in the village recently. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14574529", "title": "Cheetah reintroduction stirs up debate", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Supreme Court will hear a petition opposing reintroduction of cheetah in India on Monday, the issue has stirred up a debate over issues raised in the petition.On May 8, 2012, the court had stayed the import of cheetahs to India. The matter came up for hearing on reintroduction of Asiatic lions from Gir Kuno-Palpur Wildlife Sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh.The project has been proposed by Wildlife Trust of India (WTI). The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has decided to introduce African cheetahs from Namibia to Kuno. The petitioners contend that the proposed project is misconceived and the decision is being taken without following legal procedure.Prerna Bindra, member of standing committee, National Board for Wildlife (NBWL), has categorically opposed the cheetah project on rational and logical considerations.\"Emotions should not rule the fray. There is need to clinically examine the issue before we pour taxpayers' money into this grand venture,\" she said. The idea that the cheetah will 'save' grasslands by serving as its flagship species is utopian, Bindra adds.However, wildlife biologist Milind Pariwakam, who feels the project will help India get back a threatened species, says the petition is based on wrong assumptions.The petitioners have said that International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) guidelines do not allow African cheetah import. However, Pariwakam says petitioners have attached old guidelines of 1987.\"The cheetah was native to India. All cheetahs belong to the same species and thus there is no bar by the IUCN on reintroducing cheetahs to India. The IUCN guidelines issued in 1998 allow sub-import of African cheetah. Red-necked ostrich was introduced when African ostrich went extinct,\" he says.Another issue the petitioners have raised is that cheetah is an exotic animal. But the species is not exotic and was always present in India till extinction in the 1950s.The petition opposing cheetah says that the NBWL has not approved the project. But Pariwakam said cheetah issue was tabled in NBWL. \"The NBWL could have objected earlier if it wanted to,\" the wildlife biologist stated.However, Bindra says the proposal was never tabled before the standing committee. \"I was the first to oppose it,\" she said.Pariwakam has also countered the claim of the petitioners that detailed studies have not been done on cheetah reintroduction. But the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) has done detailed studies and the report is available.The petitioners have quoted a scientific paper by P Charruau of University of Veterinary Medicine, Austria, and colleagues stating that Iranian cheetahs should be used for reintroduction considering the genetic differences between the two subspecies.However, Pariwakam says if the paper is read in its entirety, cheetahs in Africa have a higher genetic diversity, a key feature to prevent inbreeding, and therefore, are better candidates for reintroduction.The petitioners have said that the National Wildlife Action Plan does not mention cheetah reintroduction, but that does not mean that it is barred.\"By the same standards, the action plan does not mention tiger reintroduction also, but that hasn't stopped us from reintroducing tigers into Sariska and Panna or the gaurs into Bandhavgarh,\" Pariwakam said.Bindra says, \"Forests have shrunk rapidly. Man-animal conflict is at its peak and we are fighting a losing battle to protect every inch of tiger land from mines, highways and industry. If we cannot take the concerns of the national animal on board, what hope is there for the cheetah?\"Pariwakam says introduction of lions in Kuno has far greater potential to create conflict since lions will prey on cattle and can potentially kill people, while cheetah can potentially only predate sheep and goats. Cheetahs can coexist with lions.Petitioners View* IUCN guidelines do not allow African cheetah import says 1987 guidelines.* Cheetah is an exotic animal.* NBWL has not approved the project.* Detailed studies have not been done.* Scientific paper says Iranian cheetahs should be reintroduced considering the genetic differences between the two subspecies.* Each cheetah to cost Rs2 crore.Biologist Counterview* Petitioners have not talked about 1998 IUCN guidelines which allow sub-import of African cheetahs.* Cheetah is not exotic to India. The species was always present in India till extinction.* The issue was tabled in NBWL.* The WII , Dehradun, has conducted detailed studies and report is available.* Paper actually says that African cheetah is more genetically variable and can be introduced.* Cheetahs are being donated free by Cheetah Conservation Fund, Namibia. Only transport cost is to be incurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14568416", "title": "Neta\u2019s cook tries to rob him, lands in police net", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the trusted chef of Ranjeet Singh Judeo \u2014 a veteran politician and former minister of UP \u2014 asked for a leave, little did Judeo imagine that the man would rob his Delhi bungalow at Nizamuddin, southeast Delhi.Raju Thapa worked at Judeo's house in Lucknow and took a month's leave to visit his hometown in Nepal. After leaving the city, Thapa instead, came to Delhi to rob the politician's house, a senior police officer said.Judeo's bungalow in Delhi is generally vacant and Thapa knew that he would not have any problem getting access to the house as he was a 'trusted' man. He won the confidence of security men at the bungalow after telling them that he had to stay for the night as he had to catch a train next day morning. The guards easily gave him the door keys, police said.After gaining entry into the house, Thapa opened the doors from the set of duplicate keys he had allegedly prepared over a period of time and began to ransack the house. According to police officers, Thapa broke open the almirah and burgled cash and jewellery worth several lakh. He packed everything in his rucksack over the night and left the premises in the morning.However, in a dramatic turn of events, he was halted during a routine picket checking at the UP border near Ghaziabad and was found in possession of a huge amount of jewellery and cash. Interestingly, Thapa did not hesitate in flaunting Judeo's name and told officers that the valuables had been given to him by his employer. Later, he changed his statement and said the valuables belonged to his mother.The conflicting statements raised suspicion of superintendent of police (border). On interrogation, Thapa accepted the crime and said he took the step as he was in dire need of money and wanted to have a lavish lifestyle. Thapa was held and brought to Delhi. A case under appropriate sections has been registered. Jewellery and cash worth Rs 15 lakh have been recovered, said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14601448", "title": "Manchu Vishnu to rope in Chinese fighters for Ravana", "text": "Actor Manchu Vishnu's multi-crore project, Raavana, might have some mind-blowing action sequences to be composed by Chinese stunt masters. The actor said that he's leaving to China to rope in technical talent for the film. Guess what? Vishnu would indulge in talks with martial art stunt directors for the film Ravana, to be directed by K Raghavendra Rao.Ravana is a retelling of the Epic from Ravana's view point and Manchu is making plans to produce the mega film under his 24 Frames Entertainment banner. The story and screenplay is being penned by Bharavi and the film has few special erected. Vishnu is there in China for another reason - to scout for locations for the film \" Denikaina Ready\". Perhaps Vishnu might surprise the audience shortly with his production moves!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "14577299", "title": "Indo-Pak meet to discuss border issues", "text": "ATTARI: Indian and Pakistani security officials will discuss contentious issues of smuggling, repatriation of prisoners, immediate release of innocent inadvertent border crossers and welfare of border residents.A 30-member high-powered delegation of Pakistan Rangers led by Rizwan Akhtar and Mian Mohammad Hilal, director generals of Sindh and Punjab Rangers respectively, arrived in India via Attari border on Sunday to hold a meeting with their Indian counterparts -- Border Security Force -- in Delhi from July 1 to 5. Such a meeting is being held after a gap of two years.The Indian side would also take up the issue of unprovoked firing in Jammu and construction of bunkers close to international border.The delegation members were received by inspector general, BSF, Frontier Aditya Mishra at Zero Line.The delegates also include officials from Survey of Pakistan, interior ministry and anti-narcotics force.Both sides played popular tunes to mark the occasion. While the Pakistani side played Punjabi folk song 'lathae di chaddar', the Indian side preferred old Bollywood number 'Aanae se jiskae aye bahar'.The officials of Survey of India and Pakistan would discuss maintenance of border pillar and construction of damaged pillars.Denying smuggling bids from the Pakistani side, Rizwan said India had taken adequate measures at its border with Pakistan like erecting border fence, flash lights but shifted onus of preventing smuggling on BSF. He also maintained that there was no threat to the newly-constructed integrated check post.BSF sources said that both sides could give final shape to the decisions taken between director general's of BSF and Pakistan Rangers during their meeting held in 2010 which includes holding sports competitions between jawans of BSF and Pak Rangers and establishing telephonic contact at sector commandant level.\"Due to some reasons the modalities couldn't be worked out but we are hopeful that after this meeting the previous decisions would be implemented,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14596114", "title": "Federation of Film Fraternity of Goa flays state govt over extension to ESG CEO", "text": "PANAJI: Federation of Film Fraternity of Goa (FFFG) has criticized the state government for giving six month extension to Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), chief executive officer Manoj Srivastava.Augie D'Mello, spokesperson of FFFG said that it appears that the government headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar is now heading towards \"full tolerance to corruption\" going by the helm of affairs of Entertainment Society of Goa.\"It also appears that the Parrikar government is keen in continuing with the scams and scandals in ESG going by the recent decision of the government to give six months extension to the controversial CEO of ESG Manoj Srivastava,\" stated D'Mello.FFFG had given three memorandums to the chief minister giving documentary evidences exposing the scams, mismanagement in ESG on account of the unilateral and corrupt style of functioning of the CEO.\"It's really shocking to know that CM Parrikar who himself had exposed the misdeeds of the CEO-ESG in the Goa legislative assembly has now given his approval for the extension of the term of the CEO,\" D'Mello said.The government had reconstituted the general body and governing body of ESG on May 25. The new body includes chief minister as chairman, Vishnu Wagh as vice chairman and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600552", "title": "Dead Sea salt to be turned into medicine", "text": "Doctors are finding new ways to utilize Dead Sea salts, which have been known for their therapeutic benefits for centuries, in other areas of medicine.The sea contains a high concentration of sea salts with healthy minerals like magnesium, calcium, iodine, zinc, bromide, potassium and sulphur.These minerals are also very similar to the ones found in skin cells, and many dermatology and beauty products are made from them.Patient Rebecca Hensberry had been experiencing sinus pressure and a headache for about six months and wasn't getting relief from antibiotics. So she asked Dr. Robert Graham of Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City for an alternative treatment.Graham said flushing out the sinuses with Dead Sea salt would decrease mucus production and inflammation.After using the salt treatment, Hensberry said she could really notice the difference.According to Graham, solutions made from Dead Sea salts are natural and non-addictive, with no harmful side effects.\"Often times these simple, non-invasive, natural ways of dealing with things can actually be a first line agent,\" Fox News quoted him as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14597191", "title": "IIT Gandhinagar, Ricoh Innovation team up on technology development", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar, has tied up with Japanese group Richo's California-based unit, Ricoh Innovation Inc (RII), to jointly work on technology development.\"We had floated a proposal to Ricoh Innovation to get involved with us, to which they have agreed. The idea is to work together on technology development focussed on improving interaction between people and information,\" IIT, Gandhinagar Director Sudhir K Jain told PTI.\"An emerging market like India offers huge opportunities, Ricoh Innovation centre wants to understand Indian market through us. Our students shall get involved in doing this,\" he said.RII develops technologies for Ricoh, specialising in office imaging equipment, production print solutions, document management systems and IT services.\"One of the projects initiated at the institute in joint collaboration with RII was Book Snap, as a part of which our students had developed a library linked software for them,\" Jain said.\"A project linked to smart boards in collaboration with RII is likely to kick start at the institute,\" sources in IIT Gandhinagar (IIT-GN) said.In education sector, RII's free whiteboard share iPhone application allow users to capture and share whiteboard discussions. It removes unwanted artefacts from the whiteboard images, making them easier to read, share and print.Two students from IIT-GN were recently picked up by Ricoh Innovations Private Limited (RIPL), subsidiary of RII in India, working to address opportunities in India and similar emerging markets.\"Two of our students have been selected by RII's Indian subsidiary RIPL to work on technology development,\" Jain said.Being sanctioned Rs 10 crore grant by the Gujarat government to set up a Centre of Excellence in Biomedical Engineering, the institute is also scouting for collaboration with a US-based leading healthcare service provider.\"We are looking for collaboration with US-based Hospira biomedicals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14592785", "title": "Madras HC bans use of Anna Library auditorium for weddings", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has banned use of the swanky Anna Centenary Library auditorium here for wedding and such other purposes, and has asked the Tamil Nadu government to refund the advance amount, if any, received from organisers of such functions.A direction to this effect was given by the first bench comprising chief justice MY Eqbal and Justice TS Sivagnanam, after senior advocate P Wilson drew the court's attention to media reports and photographs showing the use of the state of the art library auditorium for a wedding reception on Sunday.The library premises, said to be one of the most modern and biggest libraries in Asia, was a pet project of former chief minister M Karunanidhi . The AIADMK government, however, has decided to shift the library to a new facility at Nungambakkam and convert the structure into a child specialty hospital.The decision has since been stayed by the high court, which has also asked the government not to withdraw any facility currently available to it. On Sunday, onlookers and academics expressed shock at the information department's permission to use the premises for wedding reception. The Times of India carried a front page news with photographs on Monday, showing how the government order banning cooking and eatables inside the premises had been thrown to the wind.On Monday morning, when the court assembled for routine business, senior advocate Wilson mentioned the matter before the first bench, and said it would amount to violation of the Court's order to the government to maintain the library in good condition and not to withdraw any amenity available there at present. Wilson, who had obtained the stay order in a PIL, said such non-academic functions would demean the premises and hamper academic activities. Users were obstructed from using the parking lot, and heavy movement of guests and vehicles were a distraction, he said.Government pleader S Venkatesh, while offering apologies to the court, contended that the wedding reception did not disturb library users on Sunday. He, however, gave an undertaking that henceforth the auditorium would not be rented out to such functions.When he said that it had already been booked for other functions, including a wedding in September, the bench said the government must cancel it and refund the advance amount received from the organisers.Acceding to Wilson's plea for an early hearing and disposal of the pending PIL so as to avoid such complications, the judges said they would fix a date for early hearing of the case next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14573954", "title": "Neuro-psychological issues not to be overlooked in stroke patients", "text": "VARANASI: Taking care of trauma and depression is the key for treatment and rehabilitation of stroke patients, who undergo various levels of stress after facing cognitive deficits, believes Dr Uday Sinha, additional professor, Department of Clinical Psychology, Institute of Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IBAS), New Delhi. He believes that neuro-psychological issues should not be overlooked while treating stroke patients, as the move could backfire and hamper the chances of success.Highlighting the neuro-psychological issues in stroke patients on the concluding day of two-day symposium on stroke, organised by Department of Neurology, Banaras Hindu University on Sunday, Dr Sinha said that about 66 percent (two-third) of stroke survivors have cognitive problems after stroke that leads to cognitive impairment. In addition, one-third of these patients develop dementia in the due course of treatment. It is therefore important to identify post stroke cognitive impairment including personality disorder, problems in memory sequencing, attention deficit, problems in making judgments and general orientation along with declining problem solving abilities, he added on the occasion.Saying that various tools and detection techniques could help identify cognitive impairment in early stages, the neuro-psychological expert stressed that the process starts from observations including keeping eye on interactions and speech of such patients. Similarly, screening tests are conducted to gauge the orientation and memory skills of the patients. One also needs to remember that impact of cognitive impairment is reflected in activities of daily living (ADL), adjustments, personal and occupational functioning along with social and interpersonal relationship, he said.It may be mentioned here that while physical disabilities attract attention in the course of treatment, cognitive impairment and psychological stress are often overlooked that not only prolongs the treatment period but also results in poor and delayed response.According to Dr Sinha, the treatment of stroke patients require multi-disciplinary approach and management of emotional and behavioural disturbances is the key to successful treatment and rehabilitation. Around 20 percent of stroke patients have major depression and other 20 to 25 percent have mild depression. The stroke often brings risk for psychiatric disorders and post-stroke depression cause general anxiety disorders. The emotional reaction transform into shock and fear and if not managed properly, it could deteriorate into disorganization, despair, exhaustion and burn out cases, which are extreme form of stress and depression.Interestingly, the mental health of caregivers directly affect recovery of stroke patient and management of caregivers psychological disturbances also becomes important in this aspect. It needs proper tracking of caregivers emotional expression and behaviour to identify disturbances and demands regular supportive counselling sessions, added Dr Sinha on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14573589", "title": "Tiger cub cremated, search on for mother tigress", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Post-mortem of the tiger cub killed by wild dogs in Dhaba range on Friday was carried on the premises of Central Chanda forest division premises on Saturday morning.Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar confirmed that the cub had died in wild dogs' attack, but claimed that carcass was more than a week old. Earlier the forest officers had claimed that carcass was fresh and forest watchers had seen the dogs feeding on it. Kadukar claimed that the dogs had torn away the right eye of the cub. It had biting and clawing marks on thigh, calf, legs and tail.Assistant conservator of forests UT Bisen confirmed that there is presence of tigress with three cubs in the area. They have installed three camera traps and launched search operations in nearby jungles to track the mother tigress which is now left with two cubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574519", "title": "Drugs Act to be replaced soon: Minister", "text": "PUNE: The existing Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, which regulates import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs, will soon be replaced by a new Act. The new Act will be more contemporary and will take into account future requirements of the growing pharma industry, people's rights to rational medicines and will lay down precise regulations for chemists and doctors to operate in terms of upkeep and sale of drugs.Satej Patil, minister of state for home and food and drugs administration, revealed this in a press conference here on Sunday. \"Various ambiguities in terms of import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs, encountered while interpreting the existing Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 will be taken care of in the new Act,\" Patil said.\"The central government has asked the states to send in their suggestions. Pertinent and valid suggestion will be incorporated in drafting of the new Act. We have proposed that the need of chemist shops should be assessed as per the population of a given area. There should be some fixed population-based criterion,\" the minister said.The new Act will also specify the space of the medical shop and number of pharmacists that should be working there, he added. The new Act will clearly specify types of drugs doctors should have at their disposal. \"At present, there is lot of ambiguity about this,\" Patil said.Talking about the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), the minister said that a state-level committee has formulated a master plan to bridge the gaps and streamline current functioning of the FDA. \"The master plan envisages total overhauling of the FDA. A total Rs 950 crore has been earmarked to execute the complete overhaul,\" he said.The plan includes setting up of district laboratories for testing food and drugs samples, starting mobile vans equipped with testing tools and equipment that will go into the state's rural interiors to check samples and deliver results on the spots. The plan also encompasses recruitment of officials to fill the vacancies in the administration.In Pune, the new FDA office and laboratory is being set up on Nashik Road at the cost of Rs 5 crore.24 FIRs in statewide drive against abortion drugsThe state FDA took action against 948 medical stores, drugs wholesalers and doctors during the statewide drive to check the misuse of abortion drugs that kicked off on June 3. \"The FDA has lodged 24 FIRs against medical stores and drugs wholesaler during the drive for not keeping proper records of abortion pills, forgery and discrepancies in purchase and sale records of abortion drugs. The police arrested 34 erring chemists and wholesalers against these 24 FIRs,\" said minister of state for home and food and Drugs Administration Satej Patil in a press conference here on Sunday. Among them, the highest number of FIRs are lodged in Aurangabad (5) and Konan divisions (5), followed by Mumbai (3), Pune (3), Nashik (3), Amaravati (3) and Nagpur divisions (2).Patil said the FDA drive against the misuse of abortion drugs would focus more on preventing misuse of second trimester abortion drugs. The second trimester - 12 to 20 weeks of pregnancy - is the period when the sex of the foetus can be determined. \"We will focus more on abortion drugs like Vecredil that are used to terminate pregnancy in the second trimester. Our drive will focus on preventing misuse of these drugs in the days to come,\" Patil said.TOI has been consistently writing about misuses of drugs like Vecredil in Beed and Parli where cases of female foeticide were reported.State to conduct jail audits; move to strengthen and expand jailsThe government has decided to audit the jails across the state to address their various security concerns. \"We are going to conduct an audit of all jails to bridge in security gaps. We have also proposed that prisoners' statements should be taken via video conferencing so that manpower invested in taking prisoners to courts, their security, etc is taken care of,\" minister of state for home and food and drugs administration Satej Patil said in a press conference here on Sunday. \"In view of excess burden of prisoners on jails, the state has initiated raising new jails and capacity of some are being increased,\" Patil said. New jails are being set up in Latur, Palghar and Gondia while inmates housing capacity is being enhanced at jails in Sindhdurg, Gadchiroli, Washim, Nandurbar and Jalna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14577461", "title": "To settle in UK, know more about its history", "text": "LONDON: A test immigrants have to pass before being allowed to settle permanently in the UK is to be revised to include more questions on British history and knowledge about key personalities such as Isambard Kingdom Brunel and Edward Elgar .Called 'Life in the UK Test' , the mandatory 45-minute test was introduced by the Labour government in 2005.As part of moves to curb immigration, the David Cameron government is scrapping some sections and introducing new ones to include knowledge of the first verse of the national anthem and key historical facts about Britain.The Sunday Times reported that home secretary Theresa May is scrapping sections on how to claim welfare payments and merits of the Human Rights Act, and including sections on knowledge of British inventions, famous battles and English poetry.In a section on culture, immigrants will be told for the first time that \"historically, the UK is a Christian nation\" . In a section seen as an 'explicit attack on Islamic fundamentalism' , the draft states there's \"no place in British society for extremism and intolerance\" and provides a list of criminal offences that migrants will have to memorize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579644", "title": "Greying green sentinels cause worry in forests", "text": "BANGALORE: Scorching sun and inhospitable terrain are not the only deterrents for the few men who are in the vanguard of the struggle to save wildlife from extinction in Karnataka . The greying of these men is a far bigger concern.The national average age of frontline forest staff has been put at 42. Though a holistic corresponding figure to Karnataka is not available, there are enough indications that the scene is certainly not better in the state.Look at the staff strength at Bandipur National Park, which houses a tiger reserve. The average age of foresters here is 43 and that of forest guards is 40. In the forest watchers' category, the average age for permanent staff is 38 but it is 47 and 39 for two categories hired on contract, data collected from official sources revealed.At the seven ranges of the Nagarahole National Park, there are eight people holding fort as forest watchers. Only two of them are in their 20s, while the majority is above 40s. The seniormost forest watcher at Anechowkur wildlife range is 55 years old.Eight of the 33 Nagarahole foresters are in their 50s, while four are in their 40s. The rest are in 20s and 30s. The forest guards here are younger with only 2 of 30-odd in their 50s.Experts regretted that the first line of defence against wildlife poaching, forest fires, timber smugglers and other illegal activities, does not have age on its side as it subverts the very purpose of keeping vigil. The task, often considered risky and life threatening , is certainly not meant for staff who are old and unable to take on these rigorous duties , they said.A report published by the Tiger Task Force has noted that a forest guard covers an average area of 15.35 sq km (3,790 acres) in the country's tiger reserves . In certain places, they oversee territory spread over 160 sq km (41,000 acres). If the average age of a guard in critical tiger reserves is around 40, it is only unfair to expect them to mind such vast regions, the report observed.\"The current scenario in Karnataka forests is certainly not favourable. With no fixed schedule for them in place, the physical demands of this 24x7 job are difficult for people above 40 to handle,\" said Praveen Bhargav, managing trustee, Wildlife Trust.\"Also their family size increases . The old staffers move into forest interiors, while their families are located in urban centres. This certainly affects their efficiency. Then there are the obvious challenges of non accessibility to proper eateries and water. After the age of 40, their blood pressure level usually shoots up and eyesight problems too start setting in, people need to be utilized when they are in their peak,\" Bhargav explained.Staff crunchThe shortage of forest staff is another major deterrent in wildlife conservation. There are large-scale vacancies that exist in most national parks and wildlife sanctuaries, with the vacancy figure touching 50% mark. In Bandipur National Park, for instance, the sanctioned strength for foresters and forest guards is 23 and 98, while only 17 and 77 of the posts are filled up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14571742", "title": "Man forces wife to drink acid in Malda", "text": "Malda: A housewife is battling for life after her husband allegedly poured acid on her face and later forced her to drink that. The incident took place in Rishipur village under Habibpur police station on Saturday night. The husband is absconding.Sources said the 22-year-old victim fell in love with one Sujoy Sarkar of the same village few years back. \"Sujoy had started sharing physical intimacy with her promising marriage. But instead of marrying her, he started circulating nude pictures of the woman via MMS. This led to her family members approach the local village head, who arranged a kangaroo court. The court asked Sujoy to marry the woman and accordingly, they tied knots six months back,\" sources said.However, problems started soon after the marriage as Sujoy was not happy with the decision of the kangaroo court since he never had any intention to marry the woman. Regular demands of dowry made life difficult for the woman, who was often beaten up by Sujoy.\"Recently, Sujoy demanded Rs 80,000 and a motor cycle from his father-in-law. Being a poor farmer, it was difficult for the victim's father to meet Sujoy's demands. On Saturday night, the woman had raised her voice against Sujoy's demands. This infuriated Sujoy, who first poured acid on his wife's face and later forced her to drink that,\" said sources.The victim's shouts for help brought the neighbours there. They rescued the woman and sent her to the rural hospital, from where she was referred to Malda district hospital. Till last reports came, she was battling for life. The victim's father has lodged a complaint against Sujoy with Habibpur police station. Police sources said the accused is absconding.Forced to marry after the village kangaroo court diktat, but the wife was never accepted by mind. Worse, the greed for dowry too was not satisfied. All this resulted in regular torture on wife. But it reached the extreme point when the wife was applied acid on face and forced to drink acid. Now battling with her life she is hospitalized while the husband is absconding.Shilpi Sarkar (22) of village Rishipur under Habibpur police station had fallen in love with the village youth Sujoy Sarkar. Luring the girl with the offer to marry, Sujoy used to cohabit with her regularly. But instead of marrying her, Sujoy had circulated the nude pictures of the girl via MMS and internet which reached the hands of others. This led the girl's family to local village heads who sat for a kangaroo court in this regard. The court decided that Sujoy must marry Shilpi and accordingly the wedding took place six months back.But Sujoy allegedly could not take it in good humour. Pressure for money was on Shilpi's family was from the beginning. Even the bride was beaten on the issue of money. Poor farmer Surojit Sarkar, father of Shilpi tried to satisfy his son-in-law with money. But of late the pressure increased when Sujoy demanded Rs 80000 along with a motorcycle which was beyond the capacity of father-in-law. Shilpi too protested which infuriated Sujoy. Last night she was severely beaten and forced to drink acid. Her cry brought in the neighbours who rescued Shilpi and sent her to hospital. From the rural hospital she was referred to Malda District Hospital and is still battling for life.Her father Surojit Sarkar lodged a complaint to Habibpur police station against Sujoy who was found absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573946", "title": "Wife jumps into well, man follows to save her but fails", "text": "NAGPUR: A domestic feud claimed the life of a woman in her thirties at Matoshri Nagar in MIDC. Vanita Gujar committed suicide by jumping into a well outside her room on Sunday afternoon. Husband Lalu too jumped into the well to try and rescue his wife, but could not save her. He was rescued by the neighbours.Police said the couple had gone to Vanita's parents' place at Kalmeshwar in the afternoon since one of the Lalu's brothers-in-law was unwell. At Vanita's place, Lalu had an altercation with his father-in-law. The couple later returned home and entered into a heated argument over the incident at Vanita's place, particularly over her father's demeanour with Lalu. During the heated exchange, Vanita rushed out of the house and jumped into the well.MIDC police staffers reached the place after being informed by the neighbours. Vanita was declared dead after being brought to Government Medical College and Hospital. MIDC police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14574715", "title": "'Students, parents should carefully select engineering colleges'", "text": "NAGPUR: Considering that technology is the religion of modern times, becoming an engineer is a dream of most students. However, of late, the field has lost its sheen, thanks to mushrooming engineering colleges, dilution of eligibility criteria, lack of good teachers and hence overall lowering of quality.Last year, over 7,000 BE first year seats remained vacant in Nagpur University alone, while the first year result was an appalling 37.22%. From 2007-09, the results hovered around 54% before plunging to 38.85% in 2010 and 35.47% last year.Engineering education experts and principals attributed the trend to many factors, apart from huge increase in number of colleges. They cited inadequate faculty and principals, lack of infrastructure and facilities. They warned students to carefully choose colleges before taking the plunge. They also highlighted the kind of calibre and talent required to become a good engineer.\"Approved faculty should be a priority while choosing a college, followed by infrastructure and placements. Laboratory, classrooms and workshops are factors that draw a student's maximum attention towards studies,\" senior lecturer of Government Polytechnic Deepak Kulkarni said.Commenting on the poor results, he adds that engineering is an application of science and there is no practical learning till standard XII. \"Logical thinking is not developed and they have learnt to study mechanically. The quality of students in the last three years has been extremely poor,\" he disclosed.Disagreeing with him, Wainganga Engineering College principal Surendra Gole feels that placement is the most misguiding factor. \"Students are placed on their ability and colleges never decide their recruitments. It is erroneous to say that a particular college gives good placements. The competence of the students places them in good companies. Nobody in the four years of a student's graduation will ever ask him his name or the college's name or his stream,\" he said.Commenting on poor results, Gole says today an average student wants to become an engineer. \"So, an ordinary child may take more than four years to become one. His pace is slow and so he takes more time,\" he adds.Gaikwad Patil group chairman Mohan Gaikwad believes that it is the interest and dedication of a student that helps him make a niche for himself. \"Self study is must. College is of least importance. Every college has decent infrastructure but faculty is necessary for third and fourth year. First year depends on the child's hard work and self-study. Grooming oneself in all aspects is crucial for desired placements,\" he says.Faculty is of prime importance according to director of Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) and NU registrar Mahesh Yenkie. \"Analytical skills must be present in order to study engineering. These are only sharpened during graduation. Any inquisitive child will flourish in the science stream,\" he feels.Agreeing with his view, engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar says honest, qualified, interested and experienced staff can change the scenario to a large extent. \"Colleges having faculty with at least 10 years experience should be chosen. Even reputation of college needs to be considered,\" he adds.He blames low admission criteria for poor results. \"Admission into engineering is permissible with just 40% marks now, and so almost anyone can get into this stream. Moreover, everyone is not friendly with English language and it's a barrier in scoring good marks. Semester pattern may provide a solution, as the burden reduces,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566497", "title": "Enforcement directorate keeping track of I-T probe on state businessmen", "text": "BHOPAL: Enforcement Directorate (ED) is not in a hurry to slap charges under foreign exchange management act (FEMA) or money laundering on two businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi, Sudhir Sharma and their associates from whose places foreign currency including Euro, US and Australian dollars have been recovered by Income Tax (I-T) last fortnight.\"Let the Income Tax do its work. We are keeping a track but don't want to disturb the I-T officials at this stage. It is their baby. We will chip in at the right time,\" an ED official said.He said it would be too early for them to comment on money laundering charge. We have come to know that foreign exchange has been recovered, he added.During its raid and investigation, I-T officials have unearthed 2800 USD, 200 AUD, 30 Dinars from the place of Sharma and 500 Euro, 100 Singapore dollar, 20 Thai bhat from the lockers of chattered accountant Sanjay Mehta, a close aide of Suryavanshi. I-T officials examining the document seized from the places of Suryavanshi have reportedly stumbled upon some evidences that the businessman's companyDilip Buildcon had got Rs 100 crore from foreign countries. They suspect that it was a case of money laundering prevention of money laundering act, sources said.Meanwhile, the I-T officials would start getting the remaining 11 bank lockers opened from Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14575480", "title": "Nashik industries &amp; manufacturers' association to jointly start help centre on state subsidies", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to provide small and medium entrepreneurs information pertaining to various schemes and subsidies by the central and state governments, the Nashik industries &amp; manufacturers' association (NIMA) and small industries development bank of India (SIDBI) are jointly planning to start a help centre at the NIMA House in the city, shortly.The decision to this effect was recently taken at a joint meet by both NIMA and SIDB in Nashik recently. Deputy GM of SIDBI A L Ravindran, assistant manager Anikiet Mendhe, NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and secretary Dr Uday Kharote were present at the meet. A discussion on various schemes and subsidies by the central and state governments was held on the occasion.NIMA President Dhananjay Bele said, \"Various schemes, subsidies and loan facilities are provided by the central and the state governments, but detailed information in this connection is not provided by the banks to entrepreneurs. As a result, entrepreneurs are deprived of the benefits of the government's various schemes. The idea of setting up a Help Centre was come up while finding out a solution in this connection. This proposed 'Help Centre' will provide guidance to entrepreneurs that what are the schemes by the central and the state governments, where will they get applications, where to submit applications and the documents needed.Dy. GM, SIDBI, A L Ravindran said, \"Both SIDBI and NIMA will jointly commence the proposed 'Help Centre' for all micro, small and medium entrepreneurs at NIMA House. A representative from SIDBI will remain present whole day once a week at the Help Centre and will provide entrepreneurs information regarding the central and state governments' various schemes, loans and subsidies. Our aim is to reach the benefits of the government schemes to maximum entrepreneurs across Nashik district.The proposed help centre will be in service for the entrepreneurs from July 5 at the NIMA House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14567350", "title": "Haryana to go for power audit, rejig", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam on Sunday decided to go for a power audit to take stock of the electricity situation in the Millennium City of Gurgaon where residents continue to suffer due to power outage and also ordered a reshuffle in the department.The decision has come following a series of TOI reports, which had highlighted the power distribution company's failure to supply unhindered electricity to the people of Gurgaon and exposed the inefficiencies of the power department to bridge the demand-supply gap.The audit, the first one in many years in the Nigam, would determine the electricity use by consumers across all circles, especially in the upcoming areas of the national capital region (NCR) of Gurgaon and Faridabad.\"Directives have been issued to the officials concerned to start the audit by Monday,\" said Nigam MD Amit Agrawal. \"We have also decided to intensify our campaign against power thefts and check our transmission losses,\" he said.The Nigam has also transferred officers in the Gurgaon circle, including its superintending engineer (SE), executive engineers (XENs), sub-divisional officers (SDOs) and other staff, who are posted in Gurgaon for more than eight years. \"Transfers seek to ensure further improvement in the service to our consumers,\" said the MD.On Saturday, TOI highlighted the lack of power audit in the Nigam, besides its other inefficiencies in meeting the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14579464", "title": "Human papilloma virus and tonsillar cancer", "text": "Primary healthcare physicians have a key role to play in checking the spread of this type of cancer, says surgical oncologist AK DewanHead and neck cancers - biologically similar cancers that start in the lip, oral and nasal cavities, paranasal sinuses, pharynx, and larynx - are common cancers in India. Most of these cancers are associated with known risk factors such as betalnut chewing, smoking and alcohol abuse. Recent studies, however, show a link between sexuallytransmitted human papilloma virus (HPV) and oropharyngeal or tonsillar cancer. Worldwide, there has been an increase in this type of cancer, prompting the International Agency for Research on Cancer to issue a warning that incidents of HPVtriggered tonsillar cancer have reached an epidemic proportion among young adults because of changing sexual habits such as multiple sex partners and oral-genital sex without using condoms.Symptoms in the throatAgainst this backdrop, it is important that primary care physicians are trained to recognise this new clinical entity and help avoid delay in diagnosis and treatment. A person with tonsil cancer is likely to notice swelling or a lesion in the back of the throat, constant soreness and blood in saliva. A patient with HPV-triggered tonsil cancer is often misdiagnosed with upper aero-digestive infections because of his young age and lack of information with physicians about this ailment. Patients are often treated with prolonged courses of antibiotic, delaying diagnosis.Changing sexual habitsIt is important that the physician obtain a history of oral sex from sexually active young people with a sore throat and raise a red flag for a possible underlying malignancy. Early referral to an ENT surgeon will decrease treatment morbidity and cost. The Indian Cancer Society recommends that primary care physicians should play a major role in management of oropharyngeal cancer. Given the fact that most HPV-positive patients are young, treatment selection should take into consideration that chemo-radiation offers several advantages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14573907", "title": "Wooden toy makers face numerous problems", "text": "VARANASI: Expect a shortage of wooden toys during the fairs and festivals of Shrawan month and other festivities that will follow.Manoj, a wood artist in Khojwa, said that the cost of production of wooden toys has increased by 50 per cent in just one year. \"The cost of colours and dyes, which are used for painting toys and wooden articles became double just in one year,\" he said. Apart from that, the unavailability of wood required for the work and the expensive substitutes of the woods are also adding to the trouble of the artisans.\"Generally, toys are prepared with eucalyptus and gular woods, which is available at Rs 500 to Rs 700 per quintal,\" informed Vivek Kumar, another artisan. Wood of coraiya and ghurkun are predominantly used by the toy makers because these are soft and can be shaped and cut easily for producing fine finishing in the toys. However, these varieties are not easily available and artisans end up buying sheesham, eucalyptus and other types of wood which are hard.Erratic power supply is another impediment for toy makers. Toys and idols of Gods and Goddesses are prepared by cutting, peeling and shaping the wood with knives and other equipment. Wood art also includes cylindrical, spherical or diametrical toys and articles like pen stand, vermilion case, boxes and other religious and traditional articles, which are shaped by machines. Thus interrupted power supply is needed.Shanti Devi, who colours and decorate the toys prepared by her husband, says erratic power supply had worsened the production of toys to an extent that when 50 pieces were made in one day, only 15-20 pieces of toys are prepared at present. \"Using an alternative source of power like generator is out of question for poor artists like us,\" she said. The booming season of wooden toys starts from July and lasts till November. \"Vendors set up stalls during fairs. A large number of toys are purchased during Janmashtmi for decorating tableaux,\" she added.According to Rajni Kant, president of Human Welfare Association, working for the preservation and promotion of traditional art and craft, there are over 2,500 artisans in the city engaged in making wooden toys and articles.\"The wood for making toys is found in jungles of Sonbhadra and Chitrakoot, which is now not easily available to them because of several reasons. Moreover, the wood that they use as substitute is not made available at subsidised rates. Power, expensive raw material, lack of financial help and loans for the trade are the reasons which discourage the wood art and artisans,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568078", "title": "Meet to discuss subjective test for 1.5 lakh JEE aspirants", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the IIT Council resolved on the compromise formula for the two-tier common entrance test (JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced) last week for engineering admissions, the senates will now be deliberating on whether the numbers filtered through the JEE-Main are too high for them to conduct a subjective test.The IITs want to go back to the subjective format of testing for JEE, instead of the current multiple-choice questions (MCQ) system. From the time, the Centre has been deliberating on a common entrance test, the IITs were demanding a separate subjective test. The idea was to sift out the top 50,000 candidates from the Main exam and subject them to a rigorous paper-pencil test.However, the compromise formula arrived at last week, was to select the top 1.5 lakh aspirants, based on the scores in the Main exam, and let them take the JEE-Advanced, which will be conducted by the IITs.\"The senates of all the IITs were in favour of a subjective format test. Our initial demand was to have a rigorous test only for the top 50,000 students,\" a senior faculty from IIT-B said.\"Now, the numbers are increased to 1.5 lakh. It will directly have an impact on the exam's format. Currently, the JEE pattern comprises testing students on the MCQ format. The evaluation was computerized using the OMR (optical mark recognition) sheets. However, a subjective test will need professors to evaluate the answers manually. Since 1.5 lakh is a huge number, we will have to discuss the matter in the senate,\" he added.The IIT-B senate will discuss the new compromise formula on July 5. The senates of two IITs will meet in the coming week, followed by others.Another faculty said a subjective test could ensure better quality of students to the premier engineering institutes. \"It will answer the raging debate about the drop in the quality of IITians. Most of the times, in MCQ format, students get the right answer by smartly eliminating the wrong choices. Students should be able to solve the questions on a standalone basis. Only then they could be judged on their performances. But we will have to look at the logistics to conduct the subjective test for numbers as big as 1.5 lakh,\" said the faculty. When asked about the format of the test,\"All details of JEE-Advanced will be discussed in Joint Admission Board meeting in August,\" IIT-B director Devang Khakhar said.If the IITs do change the format and make the test totally or partially subjective, students will have to prepare accordingly. \"Only the ones who understand the concepts well and are able to apply it in the context will be able to crack the paper. However, students might have to also consider the change in format, if there is, in their preparation,\" said a professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14573850", "title": "Varanasi faces poor water and power supply", "text": "VARANASI: Various parts of the city faced poor power supply on Sunday.According to PVVNL, bursting of an underground cable in Cantonment led to snapping of power supply from various feeders connected with 33 KV Chawkaghat substation. Several areas like Jagatganj, Lahurabir, Ramkatora, Nadesar and adjoining were affected. The damaging of a transformer in Dalmandi area caused power shortage in Nai Sarak, Kodai Chawki and Chawk.According to Alok Verma, chief engineer (distribution), Varanasi zone, a mobile (trolley) transformer has been stationed in Dalmandi. Efforts are being made to bring power supply back on tracks.The residents of Kazzakpura came out on the streets against poor power and water supply on Sunday. They are without power and water since the past 72 hours. Members of Vidyut Karamchari Samyukt Sangarsh Samiti held a meeting on Saturday night and demanded improvement in basic infrastructures like machines and equipment to control the deteriorating power supply. They also protested against the dictatorial approach of power officials.Week-long workshop begins at BHU: A week-long national workshop cum training programme on 'computational techniques and applications', jointly organised by DST-Centre for Interdisciplinary Mathematical Sciences and Department of Mathematics, Banaras Hindu University began on Sunday.As per Prof AK Singh, convener, the week-long programme would cover a wide range of computational techniques and models streamlining their uses and application in various numerical and mathematical functions. He also said that a total of 60 partipants from various parts of the country are participating in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568781", "title": "Mantralaya did little to stop theft of fire-fighting gear", "text": "Mumbai: Even as a probe is on to ascertain the cause of the Mantralaya fire; it has now come to light that Mantralaya officials turned a blind eye to theft of fire-safety equipment.Fire brigade officials, involved in fire-fighting operations, found nozzles of hose reels missing on certain floors of the building. The hose reels, which are attached to the building standpipe, are used to carry water to extinguish a fire.It turns out that there is a history of the nozzles, which are made in brass, being stolen from the premises. While correspondences on the theft instances have been made between the public works department (PWD), which is in charge of the building's overall maintenance, and the home department, which handles security related measures, state officials confirmed that no concrete measures have been put in place to plug the theft.A fire-safety audit, carried out by the Mumbai fire brigade in 2008, had also raised objections regarding \"missing nozzles\" on certain floors, indicating that such instances have been going on for at least four years now. On condition of anonymity, a PWD official said that instances of theft continued even as the missing nozzles were replaced.The official however ruled out a theory that the missing nozzles impacted fire-fighting in a major way. \"As per out records, most of the missing ones were shut-off nozzles meant to discontinue water supply,\" the official said. A senior fire brigade officials however maintained that the missing nozzles, along with drying up of wet risers (wet standpipe), hampered fire fighting.Fire officials, probing the fire, however refused to comment on whether this lapse would be included in their report on the Mantralaya fire. Chief fire officer Suhas Joshi only chose to say that his department was still probing the incident.On Sunday, meanwhile, PWD employees began razing portions of the fire-ravaged section on the seventh floor. Structural audit reports by an expert team from the National Disaster Management Academy (NDMA), and a private consultant (interim report) had recommended removal of the portion, which along with a section on the sixth floor (including a part of CM's secretariat) was not a part of the original Mantralaya structure, and was subsequently added. The audit reports had revealed that this construction, which was made of light-weight steel material, wilted under the fire attack.On Monday, eleven days after the fire tragedy, an evacuation drill will be conducted in the Mantralaya premises. Pravinkumar Pardeshi, principal secretary, relief and rehabilitation, said that the idea was to train the staff in orderly evacuation during crisis situations. Officials however said that there would be no surprise element in the drill as this was being seen as a training exercise. Periodic evacuation mock drills are now being planned for Mantralaya and other important government buildings. Senior officials on each floor have been appointed as \"field marshals\" to coordinate the evacuation exercise. Chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia will lead the exercise.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, whose office was among those gutted in the fire, inspected the restoration work and preparation for the evacuation drill, on Sunday. Chavan also attended official work in his office at Vidhan Bhavan later. Even CS was seen reviewing ongoing work at Mantralaya. The work of reconstruction of damaged files and documents has picked up pace. The UD department has reconstructed nearly 400 files so far. Close to 14,000 UD files and 256 housing department files were damaged in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571845", "title": "Breakthrough for E-W Metro again", "text": "KOLKATA: With the state transport department keen on a change of route for East West Metro, the Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishnan, on Sunday, reiterated that he would like to see the project completed in time.At a \"breakthrough\" in the eastern side of the Phoolbagan station with a tunnel boring machine (TBM), Krishnan said: \"We would like to see the project completed as soon as possible. Any change of route, anywhere in the world, normally takes time, and costs more. Unless it is complete, people cannot get the benefit of the project and it also causes inconvenience to them for these things lying around\".It may be noted that the project is already delayed by nearly two years.The state transport department has already made a presentation before the Central government officials proposing the change of route. A decision was also taken to ask RITES to conduct a study on the viability of the change of route.The first \"breakthrough\" for the East West Metro was on May 26, as the TBM smashed through the rock and earth to emerge from 18 metres beneath the ground at Phoolbagan. It was achieved at 8.9 km underground stretch of the project. On Sunday, it was the second breakthrough.Authorities of Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC), a special public vehicle created for the project, wants to stick to the existing route that begins from Salt Lake Sector V, goes through Karunamoyee, Central Park , City Centre, Bengal Chemical, Salt Lake, Phoolbagan, Sealdah, Central, Mahakaran and then goes under the Hooghly to merge at Howrah and end at Howrah Maidan.But the transport department is proposing that the stations be aligned from Sealdah to go through Subodh Mullick Square, Esplanade and Dalhousie (adjoining Laldighi) before merging into Howrah and Howrah Maidan.\"We will look at all the aspects, and take a decision in a few days,\" chief secretary Samar Ghosh said at the Phoolbagan site on Sunday, when asked why the state wants a change of route with a delay imminent.The TBM cut a one-and-a-half metre concrete diaphragm to connect Subhas Sarovar to Phoolbagan. Now, the machine will be taken to the Sealdah crossover, from where it would cut and connect to the western side of Phoolbagan.The work of beginning the work of the tunnel on the other side of the Hooghly river is scheduled to start from Howrah Maidan station in August., and the tunnel on both sides would meet at Central station. However, a change of plan may hit this work too. It is, however, a matter of some days before it is clear what route the government chooses to take.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14574157", "title": "Shops violating legal metrology act on rise in the district", "text": "KOCHI: When you buy your grocery from the nearest provision shop, you may not be getting your actual money's worth. This is because shopkeepers are using tampered weights to cheat you. Of the total 1,126 cases registered in the district by the enforcement wing of the legal metrology department during the 2011-2012 fiscal, 550 shops were booked for using non-calibrated equipment.According to the data of enforcement conducted by the department during last financial year, the total cases have gone up by 40% from the total of 822 cases registered during the financial year 2010-2011.During the enforcement drives, the officials have booked shops mainly for selling products not conforming to required weights and measures standards and use of non-calibrated equipment. Of the total cases registered in the recently concluded financial year, the officials have booked 120 shops for violating packaged commodities rules and 138 for selling goods short of weight. The enforcement squads have also booked 250 autorickshaw drivers for using tampered fare metres.Officials in the department said that of the total 1,126 shops booked for various violations, most of the shops were booked in the city limits. \"Out of the 420 cases registered in the city limits for violation of the weights and measures act, most of them were booked for tampering weighing equipment and altering original maximum retail price,\" an enforcement official said. Compared to the other districts in the central zone that includes Idukki, Thrissur and Palakkad, more offences are being recorded in Ernakulam district. In the last financial year, department had registered 876 cases in Thrissur, 832 cases in Palakkad and 149 cases in Idukki.N R Prasad, assistant controller, said that if the public are more cooperative, they would be able to book more offenders. \"In many instances, enforcement drives are carried out following the complaints from the public, during which a series of shops would be raided in one go. Since we are facing a staff crunch with only 12 legal metrology inspectors, we are unable to conduct routine checks,\" he said.Next time you buy grocery from the nearest provision shop, you may not be getting your actual money's worth. This is because shopkeepers are using altered weights to cheat you. Of the total 1,126 cases registered in the district by the enforcement wing of the legal metrology department during the 2011 - 2012 fiscal, about 550 shops were booked for using non-calibrated equipment.According to the data of enforcement conducted by the department during last financial year, the total cases have gone up by 40 per cent from the total of 822 cases registered during the financial year 2010 - 2011. During the enforcement drives, the officials have booked shops mainly for selling products not conforming to required weights and measures standards and use of non-calibrated equipment.Of the total cases registered in the recently concluded financial year, the officials have booked 550 shops for using non-calibrated equipment, 120 for violating packaged commodities rules and 138 shops for selling goods short of weight. The enforcement squads have also booked 250 autorickshaw drivers for using tampered fare metres.Officials in the department said that of the total 1,126 shops booked for various violations, most of the shops were booked in the city limits. \"Out of the 420 cases registered in the city limits for violations of weights and measures act, most of them were booked for tampering weighing equipment and altering original maximum retail price,\" an enforcement official said.Compared to the other districts in the central zone that includes Idukki, Thrissur and Palakkad, more offences are being recorded in Ernakulam district. In the last financial year, department had registered 876 cases in Thrissur, 832 cases in Palakkad and 149 cases in Idukki.NR Prasad, assistant controller said that if the public are more cooperative, they would be able to book more offenders. \"In many instances, enforcement drives are carried out following the complaints from the public during which a series of shops would be raided in one go. Since we are facing a staff crunch with only 12 legal metrology inspectors, we are unable to conduct routine checks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14579831", "title": "Fidgeting can help you live longer: Study", "text": "LONDON: People who keep fidgeting could live longer than those who sit still for long periods, a new study has revealed.Spending too much time on sedentary activities like working at a computer or watching television can shorten a person's lifespan and raise the risk of conditions like heart disease and stroke.But breaking up your \"sitting time\" throughout the day with simple activities like walking or stretching your legs \u2014 even for a minute or two at a time \u2014 could counteract the harmful effects of being a couch potato and lead to better overall health, researchers said.\"People are watching television for up to four hours a day and spending 60%-70 % of their time being sedentary , and that is because of our lifestyle and occupations,\" said Dr Wilby Williamson, an NHS expert in sports medicine. \"Reducing our sitting time makes us better at breaking sugars and fats down, which can help reduce our risk of metabolic diseases like diabetes and cardiovascular disease,\" Williamson was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph. Studies have shown that the amount of time we spend sitting down is associated with reduced lifespan and a higher incidence of heart disease and stroke.Williamson said, \"The risk factors for cardiovascular disease and longevity start to increase above two hours of television watching per day. If you can make your TV watching or screen time more active that could be beneficial. Also, make sure your are not sitting for long chunks of time. Some studies show there is a beneficial effect of breaking it up every 20 to 30 minutes.\"Although doctors still recommend that people get more than 150 minutes of moderate to vigorous exercise per week to keep healthy, they said less strenuous activities could also be of benefit.These can include things that don't feel like exercise such as standing up and bouncing on your heels, wiggling your hips to some music or taking a brief stroll around the house during a television advertisement break.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14573976", "title": "KFC fast-tracks funding of new enterprises", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Financial Corp (KFC) has said that funding of new enterprises proposed under the Kerala State Self Entrepreneur Development Mission (KSSEDM) being implemented under KFC will be completed in record time.Under KSSEDM, major banks like Punjab National Bank (PNB), Canara Bank and State Bank of Travancore (SBT) are now providing funds for various enterprises which have been identified for incubation, according to Yogesh Gupta, chairman and financial director, KFC. \"The first phase of registrations, scrutiny, selection and training has seen the emergence of 231 enterprises, associating 571 prospective entrepreneurs, which are in the process of being implemented,\" Gupta said.Being the nodal agency for the mission, KFC had organized a meeting of heads of banks with finance minister K M Mani on May 31 in Thiruvananthapuram to activate the process of fund disbursement to the new enterprises identified under the KSSEDM. Punjab National Bank has constituted scheme-specific appraisal cells in Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam for the purpose, Gupta said. The Thiruvananthapuram cell has completed the processing of all 22 eligible enterprises in Thiruvananthapuram district and work is on to enable them to draw funds during the first week of this month. In Kollam district, Punjab National Bank has given in-principle clearance to 10 enterprises.Canara Bank also has sanctioned financial assistance to one of the enterprises under the mission. In one case in Kottayam district, PNB has already disbursed the amount.Gupta said that applications of nearly 150 enterprises are under process in various districts. KFC is hopeful of sanctioning funds to the maximum number of enterprises at a function to be held in Alappuzha on July 20 in the presence of K M Mani. The registration for the next batch of candidates will start from Friday, July 06. KFC has implemented an automated system, which will enable cyclical repetition of the processes of scrutiny, selection, training and funding every two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14570206", "title": "Jundal in hand, India now eyes SIMI leader's custody", "text": "THANE: Backed by their success in arresting 26/11 handler Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, security agencies in India are training their eyes on former Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) leader C A M Basheer-one of the 50-most wanted criminals, who is an accused in the bomb blast in Mumbai's Mulund railway station on March 13, 2003, and is believed to be in Riyadh .Sources told TOI that Indian agencies may approach their Saudi Arabian counterparts for assistance in apprehending not just Basheer, but also five other terror suspects including Jundal's associates and members of the banned SIMI network.India is likely to carry out elaborate assessment of the interrogation details of Jundal and cross-check the names of his associates in Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries as well as other SIMI members, following which New Delhi will seek their deportation. Sources in the security establishment say that India has witnessed cooperation from Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar and Dubai on terror-related cases. New Delhi is hoping that these countries would continue with their cooperation and help India see Jundal's case to its logical end.Basheer, who is believed to be running a terrorist training school in Saudi Arabia, was responsible for brainwashing many Muslim youth enrolled with SIMI, transforming campus activism into communal extremism. The Kerala-born Basheer headed SIMI in 1989, and during his reign, radicalized the cadre by amplifying fears of a Hindutva attack.He preached jehad for the survival of the Muslim brotherhood , say former SIMI activists, who blame him for \"misleading an entire generation of youth''. Spurred by the demolition of Babri Majid, he was one of the first Indians to have enrolled in a Pakistan terror training camp in the 1990s.\"Up until Basheer's elevation as president, SIMI was a cadre-based group that aimed at character building of the Muslim students based on Islamic ideology. Violence, bloodshed and deceit were anathema,'' a former SIMI cadre told TOI.Basheer is an aeronautical engineer who, for a while, was employed with the Mumbai airport. But he abandoned his career after allegedly developing ties with the Khalistani militant Lal Singh, and maintaining links with the Pakistan ISI, whose members are believed to have attended SIMI's three-day seminar held at Bandra (reclamation) in December 1991. Incidentally, it was the last time he was seen in Mumbai. He subsequently fled the country.\"In his speeches, Basheer would advocate violence as a political strategy for the larger good of the Muslim brotherhood. Students would be shown videos of massacres of Muslims in Palestine and Iraq . The prevailing tension around Babri Masjid further polluted young minds. Most students had unquestionable faith in him given the situation, got carried away and adopted jihad. Many even left their homes and crossed over to PoK (Pakistan occupied Kashmir) for armed training,'' said a former SIMI activist.A section of SIMI members, who refused to accept extremism, questioned Basheer's actions. \"But those who spoke against him were quietly silenced. Even the Jammat-e-Islami severed ties around 1990 and issued directives to its members against attending any SIMI event, giving Basheer and his coterie full command over the Muslim youth. Dissenters were informed that the new teachings were endorsed by SIMI's supreme body called Central Representative Council (CRC) at an alleged meeting in Dehradun'' he added.Among Basheer's close aides at the time were terror-accused Saqib Nachen (from Padgha in Thane) and the then SIMI national general secretary Ziauddin Siddiqui.(With inputs from New Delhi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14575686", "title": "'We have kept track of changing social milieu'", "text": "What is the importance of the Maharashta police academy for the state?The Maharashtra police academy (MPA) was started in 1906 at Bhamburde grounds in Pune, which currently is the police headquarters. In 1908, the academy was shifted to its current location (in Nashik). The MPA celebrated its centenary year in 2008. Before the establishment of the central police training college, which is now the national police academy at Mount Abu, the officers of the Indian police of the Bombay province, which included areas like Gujarat, Sindh in Pakistan and Karnataka, were also trained here. Officers of Goa, Pondicherry and Dadra and Nagar Haveli have also been trained at the academy from time to time, which well conveys that this academy has been the alma-mater of several officers of different ranks who have served the country in various parts.What is the general duration of training?The duration for trainees who are selected by the Maharashtra Public Service Commission as direct recruits is 12 months. Those who come as departmental direct cadets are given nine months' training and there is also training for departmental promotee cadets which is of three months. The course is divided into two parts of indoor training stressing on law subjects and core policing subjects, which comprise crime investigation, body offences, property offences, collection of intelligence, law and order, economic and cyber crime, organized crime, narcotics and drugs and psychotropic substances act, social offences, anti-corruption, VIP security and protocol, prosecution, crime prevention, disaster management, etc. handling law and order, criminology, victimology, modus operandi of criminals, procedures at police stations and court procedures. There are also outdoor subjects like physical training, obstacles, foot drill, ceremonial drill, weapons training, field craft, map reading, yoga, games, swimming, firing practice, jungle camping, and skills like horse riding, etc.Is horse riding of any use in today's policing?While the Maharashtra government has done away with the use of horses for cavalry charge, it is a fact that they are of great utility during law and order situation and can disperse a huge crowd within no time. They can also chase well and penetrate into areas which are difficult for vehicles to navigate. Some states still have horses. At MPA, we have continued to keep horses for training as handling horses is a great confidence builder for the police officials.Over the years crime has gone through a sea change. How do you train the officers as per changing times?With changes in society, new legislations are passed and the academy has always kept a track on the changing social milieu by including all the concerned developments in its curriculum. Today's cadets are also trained on the role of police officials with regard to incidents like female foeticide, drug smuggling, the spread of multi level marketing schemes of which 99 percent are fraud, economic offences, cyber offences and offences involving social media.Does MPA have modern weapons for training?We do understand that advanced weapons are being used by criminals and considering this, we too have procured such weapons for the trainings of our cadets. New weapons will keep on coming, however, their basics will remain the same and police officers can get acquainted with their operations or functioning easily if they have basic knowledge of modern weaponry.What kind of infrastructure is in place for all these training modules?The MPA is spread over 260 acres. It has the best swimming pool in Nashik, the indoor and outdoor gymnasiums are also state of the art, as is the badminton court. We have three big training halls for lectures, a running track of 4.5km, a jungle on 120 acres, a huge canteen, hospital, firing simulator and also a unique museum defining the police history of over a century back.How many recruits can the MPA train at a time?In September 2012, we will be getting a huge batch of nearly 1,800. This is because recruitment was stopped in 2003, 2004 and 2005 following a scam in the MPSC. Now while the government has decided to recruit some 11,000 police officers, the backlog of the MPSC is also being filled. Thus, this year we have a huge batch of 1,800 cadets. Fortunately, we have a satellite centre at Sangli, where 500 cadets will be trained and the remaining cadets will be trained in Nashik.How is the security of the institute?Security has always been of prime importance at the MPA, where police officials of the state are being trained. Though we do not divulge information about the security arrangement at MPA, all precautions have been taken to ensure that any attempt on the security of the institute is nullified.Is the MPA open to visitors?Yes. The premises are open for school and college students. A large number of schools students have visited MPA to view the training facilities for police officials as well as the police museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14569701", "title": "State-run insurers\u2019 loss on third party premium mounts", "text": "INDORE: The losses of the state-owned non-life insurance companies in the state are mounting, when it comes to the underwriting of third party insurance premium.For National Insurance Company, the loss incurred on it under the segment during the previous year was at Rs 33 crore. The company had underwritten a total premium of Rs 78 crore during the last fiscal. The state-run insurance company is looking at reducing the losses by 80% during the current fiscal. Hence, the insurers are demanding that the liability must be fixed on the car owner through imposition of a law, as it will help them minimise their losses. The Union finance ministry has convened a meeting of all the four state-owned non-life insurers in New Delhi next week to discuss the issue. The government may also consider the demand of the insurers to increase the premium amount under the segment. At present, the companies are charging Rs 10,000 per car, on an average, for underwriting the premium. The second pertinent issue is that most of the judgments related to third party claims, which are heard in Motor Accident Claim Tribunal (MACT), go against the insurers.Talking to ToI, MN Mitra, regional manager, NSIC, said, \"For every rupee which is underwritten by us under the third party car insurance premium, we have to pay a sum of Rs 1.10 or even Rs 1.15 which finally results in incurring of losses. It is basically due to non-fixation of liability on the car owners in case of compensation payment by the company against injury or death of the policyholder.\" He said that they were also demanding that there should be contributory payment by both insurers and the car owners in such cases as it would also help them minimise the losses on the front.In toto, there are 5000 such cases that are pending before various courts in the state alone. An official of Oriental Insurance Company said that the company was paying Rs 1.20 as claim under the segment for every Re 1 premium being underwritten by them, which makes their losses to be at 120%. The insurers are also demanding such cases to be heard through lok adalats or fast track courts so as to expedite the process. It will help minimise the insurers' burden on interest payment for delayed payments of claims. As of now, nearly 255 of the losses being incurred by the insurers are due to interest payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14572941", "title": "Touting illegal, yet why do so many of us fall prey to them?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A huge chasm exists between demand and supply positions in India. It has created a very conducive atmosphere for touts. They thrive in every sector where demand outweighs supply.Who is a tout? A tout is a person who pesters possible customers with a request for orders. In normal circumstances, where demand and supply even out, a tout solicits customers. But in India, the yawning gap between the two has made customers and consumers look for a tout.We look for a tout to help us sail through an unbelievably complicated process prescribed for works linked to government departments or to escape the prospect of waiting for hours in a labyrinthine queue during the scorching summer or bone-chilling winter.For a price, touts have a solution to everything. Be it a railway ticket, passport, ration card, driving licence, sale and purchase of property, their registration and now even question papers.When touts became a headache in the UK and the public wanted a law against these unscrupulous elements, British culture secretary Andy Burnham had said in 2008, \"The re-selling of tickets at inflated prices doesn't add anything to the cultural life of the country, but instead leeches off it and denies access to those who are least able to afford tickets.\"If re-selling of tickets at inflated price \"leeches off\" cultural life of a country, then India lost its cultural values long ago to touts. For touting and selling of tickets in black - from railway to cricket matches -- has been taking place with impunity right under the nose of law enforcers, and sometimes with their active connivance. Nearly three decades ago, the Supreme Court commented on touting in P D Khandekar vs Bar Council of Maharashtra [1984 (2) SCC 556]. It had said, \"We are constrained to say that the evil of touting has been in existence since ancient times and still is a growing menace.\"But how can one avoid touts when the option is between the devil and the deep sea - fork out a few hundred rupees extra to a tout for a railway ticket or stand in the queue for several hours without the guarantee of getting a ticket.It is easy to advice to plan early for travel and book tickets much in advance. In India, except for travel during vacations, nothing is planned. So many relatives either fall sick or pass away without notice. Many close friends' children get married. And there are so many social functions. All of these require travel at a week's notice, when it is impossible to get a railway ticket.To top it all, there are so many tourists coming to Delhi from so many parts of India and abroad. They all need rail and bus tickets at the last minute to see places around Delhi. They also need a place to stay in this city of strangers where touts pop up as the only friendly soul.The Delhi assembly passed 'Delhi Prevention of Touting and Malpractices Against Tourists Act, 2010'. It received the President's assent on January 17 last year and came into force on February 15, 2011.The Act said, \"Whoever loiters around airports, railway stations, bus stands, markets or any other place frequented by tourists with the intention of offering any unsolicited service to the tourist or pestering or coercing him to use any such service and exhibits such conduct so at to show such intention (like following, arguing, communicating or otherwise drawing attention of tourists through words or gestures or placards or pamphlets thereby causing obstruction or annoyance to tourists or general public ) and otherwise has no reasonable explanation for frequenting the said place will be deemed to have committed the act of touting.\"It provides for punishment varying from three months to 1 year imprisonment and fine ranging from Rs 2,500 to Rs 10,000. But the practice continues unabated at airports and railway stations where policemen are deployed round the clock.Will the law enforcing authorities resort to the Act more frequently to stamp out the menace of touting?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "shakti vihar", "code": "14579614", "title": "Mare and colt enchant doctors", "text": "SHAKTI VIHAR: Dr Gurneet Singh and his wife Dr Neeru bust stereotypes of a couple wearing identical long white coats, with stethoscopes hung around their neck and a serious countenance as soon as they begin talking about raising a mare and her three-month-old colt at their farmhouse in Jainpur. It is evident that they do it with as much ease as they observe patients and prescribe treatment.Gurneet, a 45-year-old radiologist from Shakti Vihar, said his love for horses goes back many years. \"During my school days at Lady Fatima Convent School in Patiala I developed a passion for horses. When I was about 15 years old, I went for 2-3 months holiday to National Defence Academy in Khadakwasla where my uncle Dr Raghuveer Singh was working as chief of dental hospital. There I met legendary polo player Roopi Brar who introduced me to riding,\" he said. Gurmeet said when he studying MBBS from Rajindra Medical College and Hospital, Patiala, and later doing post-graduation in radiology he didn't get much time to keep up with his passion but when he started practicing as a radiologist he was occasionally able to go horse riding at Police Lines in Ludhiana and also at Police Academy in Chandigarh.All along he wanted to buy his own horse and had many times discussed the idea with his wife, a director of PG courses in Government Dental College in Faridkot, and son Abhinav, who is pursuing MBBS at Government Medical College in Amritsar.At the Jainpur farmhouse of Dr Gurneet Singh, a 45-year-old radiologist, it's difficult to miss the mare and the colt that the family own. For the doctor, owning a horse was a dream he has cherished for a long time.\"Finally the opportunity came two years ago for me to buy a mare of Jodhpuri race in Ahmedgarh near Ludhiana. I didn't think twice about it. Jodhpuri horses are best for riding though they are not good for races like derby horses. She is nine years old and we named her Rebecca,\" said Gurmeet, adding that she recently gave birth to a colt that they have named Ralph.\"Though we have kept them at our farmhouse we have also kept two servants to look after them. Once in 2-3 days we also head there to see them,\" he said.Gurmeet's wife Neeru, also a doctor, who has gradually fallen in love with horses, said whenever they visit the farmhouse the horses run towards them, especially to her husband. \"We are particular about their food and care so that they would have the best of everything. One day I will also ride them,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569949", "title": "Lioness\u2019s radio rage terrorizing Gir village", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A lioness in Liliya, in the Gir forest, is terrorizing villagers who live around her territory. She is perpetually angry and lashes out at anyone who crosses her path. The villagers say her temper is fuelled by a radio collar that was fitted on her; and the collar \u2014 equipped with a tracking device \u2014 does not work anymore.Residents, who refuse to be identified, say that the lioness has on a couple of occasions attacked the people of Kanrach village. However, fortunately, no major injury has been reported. Curiously, the villagers are sensitive to animals' wellbeing. They had recently thrashed some outsiders who had entered the area for an illegal lion show.As for the officials, they acknowledge that the lioness is a troublemaker. Once, she made even forest guards run helter-skelter for cover. The foresters slipped into slush but luckily the lioness did not attack them.Manoj Joshi , who runs a nature club in the area, said: \"One day, the lioness was found sitting beside a driver who was sleeping near his vehicle in the open.\"Two attempts to relocate the lioness have failed because it is difficult to trace her. \"This lioness is very clever. She has been making forest officials chase her futilely,\" said deputy conservator of forests (Gir east) Anushman Sharma. \"In the late 2000, this lioness was caught from Gondal after the rescue team camped in the area for over 15 days. Whenever the team zeroed in on her location and rushed to the spot, she would go missing.\" Gondal is about 150 km from Sasan.Sharma admitted that the radio collar which the lioness was wearing had indeed become non-functional. But for removing that, one has to catch her. He said some villagers thought the collar served a purpose. \"They feel that the collar makes unscrupulous elements think that the forest department is monitoring the area and hence they keep away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572230", "title": "India Post to network offices across country", "text": "CHENNAI: The India Post, on an IT modernization drive, will embark on a major technical project to network all post offices in the state. Tamil Nadu has been chosen for the pilot project in the country, chief postmaster general Shanti Nair said. The project will be unveiled in six other states later.She said the project would be equipped with the latest state-of-the-art software, which would help the department reach out to post offices even in villages. Postmasters in villages will be given handheld devices enabling them to perform e-transactions. The device can be used to collect payments and the recipient of a money order or a registered post can either put his signature or provide a thumb impression.Nair said the department would soon take up core banking solutions and set up 94 India Post ATM's in post offices across Tamil Nadu and introduce debit cards for its customers. \"India Post ATMs is at an advanced stage and the postal department has already joined hands with vendors on this front,\" she said. The post offices presently provide financial services like savings accounts, postal life insurance, pension payments and money transfer services.She said an automatic mail processing unit will be set up near the Chennai airport. \"The machine will be able to sort out mails based on the pincode and deliver directly to the destination post office rather than the mail going to a post office and then being directed to a sub post office'' Nair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14578315", "title": "Indian kids fitter than American kids: Professor Bob Pratt", "text": "BELGAUM: American children are more prone to obesity due to their sedentary lifestyle, observed Bob Pratt, professor of Kinesiology, Saginaw Valley State University, USA.Children here attach a lot of importance to physical activities unlike their counterparts in America, said Pratt who was very impressed with the physical activities of children at the Kittur Rani Channamma Residential Sainik School (KRCRSS) for girls. A team from Saginaw Valley State University (SVSU) and Carrollton Public School (CPS, Michigan, USA) are at the school as part of a tripartite MoU signed by KRCRSS along with SVSU and CPS. The objective of the partnership, signed on June 21, 2008, is for educational, professional and inter-cultural exchanges between faculty and students of the three institutions.\"During this visit we will focus on healthcare issues of children. We will take the weight, height and waist circumference of nearly 300 children here and compare the same with American children. American children are more inclined to video games and playing on the computer. In India schools are particular about physical education which is not so in our country. We want to implement the importance attached to sports in schools here in the US too,\" explained Pratt.During their stay, the American team will interact with students and faculty members; they will also take classes for students in some subjects and participate in sports and extra-curricular activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600568", "title": "Anjana singh and Keshari Lal in 'Lahoo Ke Do Rang'", "text": "After the success of Devra par Manva Dole and Dil Le Gail Odhania Wali, Anjana singh and Keshari Lal have been paired again in Lahoo Ke Do Rang.The film's unit was in Rajpipla, Gujarat where they completed the final schedule of the shoot.The film is produced by Anil Kushwaha &amp; Kailash Kesarwani. Director Manjul Thakut has wielded the megaphone for the movie starring Khesari lal Yadav, Rajesh Raj, Anjana Singh, Priya Sharma, Sanjay Pande, Ayaz Khan, Ratnesh Baranvaal, Kiran Yadav, Sujeet Sarthak, Pushpendra Singh, Prem Dube, Shivam Bihari , Khushmit Gil and others.Source: humbhojpuria.blogspot.in Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570958", "title": "Nitish takes Gujarat help for Patna makeover", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar may have whipped up a political storm with his scathing attacks on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , but, when it comes to giving Patna a makeover, the Bihar CM does not mind a Gujarat influence.Based on Gujarat's town planning schemes, Ahmedabad's Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University has prepared a master plan for Patna's town planning scheme. The draft, which has been approved in principle, will guide planned urban development in Bihar.In January 2011, the Bihar government had approached Cept to prepare a city development plan for Patna, which had been facing civic issues, especially water-logging, waste management and unplanned constructions.Cept is now ready with the new town planning scheme for Patna, which will be announced in August by Nitish Kumar. During discussions with Cept and Patna-based consultants, representatives of the Bihar government had requested that Bihar's urban plan should be similar to that of Gujarat.\"Cept has submitted its recommendations along with the master plan to the Patna city authorities, which has been approved. The plan is based on Gujarat's town planning model,\" said Utpal Sharma, dean, Faculty of Planning &amp; Public Policy at Cept University.As part of the task, Cept prepared a master plan, which covers areas like town planning, urban flood and solid waste management, housing plans for poor, public transport, industrial area infrastructure development and even tourism.Cept has also proposed conservation measures for heritage structures in Patna, which is an important pilgrimage centre for Buddhists from all over the world.\"Patna is different from other cities and has its own charm, history and stories. But the city is quite congested and had not been planned for the last 20 years. We had to keep all these aspects in mind while planning the city's development,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14571696", "title": "Divorce driving people to suicide: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Divorce, \"illegitimate pregnancy\" and professional/career problems seem to be pushing more people to commit suicide. According to the NCRB report, in 2011, at least 16 people committed suicide every hour and the total figure was 1.35 lakh.While family problems accounted for almost one-fourth of suicides, illness was another major reason.Interestingly, suicides due to divorce and \"illegitimate pregnancy\" saw a rise of 54% and 20% respectively in 2011.The report showed that 70% of victims were married and Rajasthan recorded maximum mass family suicides in the country. Statistics and trends compiled by the board showed that social and economic causes led most men to commit suicide whereas emotional and personal causes mainly drove women to take the extreme step.Underlying the economic angle to suicides, the report said 38% of victims were self-employed whereas the share of those with permanent jobs (government jobs) committing suicide was negligible at 1.2%.West Bengal, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka accounted for 56.2% of the total suicides in the country while West Bengal recorded the highest number of suicide victims. Among 53 mega cities with over 10 lakh population, Chennai registered 2,438 suicides while Bangalore (1,717), Delhi (1,385) and Mumbai (1,162) followed. The four cities reported almost 36.7% of the total suicides.The report showed Nagaland reporting the highest increase of 175% in suicides in 2011 compared to the previous year while in Chandigarh, it increased by 47.9%.The data showed 72 mass/family suicides in Rajasthan and 19 in Kerala. Using poison and hanging were the two most common modes of committing suicide across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602368", "title": "Kavita Seth replaces Sunidhi Chauhan", "text": "The song from the years most awaited movie \"Cocktail\" has some interesting unexplored news to share.Apparently, this song was offered to various commercial singers like Sunidhi Chauhan , but, owing to the fact that the song consists of excerpts from Ganesh Aarti. Many singers were averse to try their hands for the same.As they say one person loss is always another person's gain, the same is applicable in case of the famous Iktara singer Kavita Seth. The lady behind the beautiful and intense voice of hot Daina Penty. the song is one of the biggest hits of the year 2012. Kavita Seth believed in the credibility of the star cast and the picturisation which eventually did win many hearts. Kavita says \"being an artist one cant be choosy or develop any fear, as an artist lives a life, which does not understand the meaning of the word boundary\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14567851", "title": "South Delhi colonies to be regularized on priority: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Sunday promised the residents of Chattarpur and nearby areas in south Delhi that regularization of their colonies will be given priority, and that the work would start soon.Dikshit's statement came in response to a protest march by residents of Chattarpur, Ghitorni, Ayanagar and nearby colonies outside her residence at Motilal Nehru Marg on Sunday morning. They alleged that while the government had started work in other unauthorized colonies, it is neglecting these areas.\"Over one thousand residents from my constituency have come here to demand their rights ,\" said Balram Tanwar, MLA from Chattarpur, who had joined the protest.Dikshit assured the protesters that they would not be unnecessarily harassed by civic officials in the name of illegal encroachment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594663", "title": "Vikram starrer Karikalan is in troubled waters again", "text": "Karikalan, starring actor Vikram, is in troubled waters once again. Reports suggest us that the producers of the movie are keen to fire the director Kannan out of the project, as they are not happy with the way the film is shaping up.For your information, director Kannan has canned already twenty five percent of the movie's shooting. When enquired, there seems to be confusion, as different sides reveal different stories regarding the reports.A source close to the movie tells us that the producers of the movie are not happy with the film's scenes canned so far. The source further adds that the producers are willing to replace director Kannan with A R Gandhi Krishna, who is the original script writer of Karikalan according to a few reports. When the media contacted A R Gandhi Krishna, who has already directed Aanandha Thaandavam, he revealed that the producers of Karikalan are in talks with him regarding the direction of the movie. He further added that, if Vikram's dates are available, he is ready to take up the project anytime. However, the current director of the movie, Kannan, has a different story to tell us. He says that all is well with the movie Karikalan. He adds that twenty five percent of shooting of the movie is complete. He further confirms that he is going to direct the rest of the movie, and calls the reports of his replacement as the director baseless. He tells us that if Vikram gets free from his current projects, the shooting of Karikalan will resume. To clarify all the confusions revolving around the Karikalan, we contacted one of the movie's producers S S Vasan. He confirmed that Kannan is the director of the movie and would be the part of the project always. However, he added that they have replaced cinematographer Karthik with Rathnavelu for the project. He further said that there would be a few more changes in the technical crew of the movie. Let us see when Karikalan gears up for a release!Source: dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579350", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee: I have had enough of politics", "text": "BANGALORE: UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee who is almost certain to become India's 13th President in the July 19 election said the Congress party will not miss him because of his reputation as a political troubleshooter.`There is no dearth of talent in the Congress with more than 125 years of history. I am hopeful that brighter talent will emerge to fill my shoes,'' Pranab said in a brief media interaction at the office of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee on Sunday soon after he met the members of the electoral college.On whether he will miss politics, he said \" Yes , but I think I have had enough.\"About rising expectations, he admitted it's indeed become a hot seat with makers of modern India like Rajendra Prasad , S Radhakrishnan, Zakir Hussain and other illustrious personalities occupying the post. `So there will be huge expectations and I am up to it,'' he addedPranab, who arrived in Bangalore from Hyderabad, met the Congress legislators and the Union ministers formally to seek their support for his candidature.He drove to the residence of former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda and thanked him for the JD(S) support. Pranab recalled that when his candidature was announced, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had called Deve Gowda, who \"immediately responded to the PM's request\" .In Karnataka, Congress has 6 Lok Sabha and 4 Rajya Sabha MPs and 71 MLAs who are part of Karnataka's electoral college. Also, Pranab enjoys the support of 26 JD (S) MLAs and 4 MPS (including one from Kerala).Congress sources claimed that Pranab has the support of five (of seven) independent MLAs since Congress leaders are already in touch with them. The newly launched BSR Congress party chief B Sriramulu met Mukherjee and extended his support.BJP sources said PA Sangma , who was thrown into the poll fray largely through support initially extended by Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik , is likely to visit Karnataka . \"The date is not yet known,'' said a senior BJP leader. The BJP with 120 MLAs and 18 LS and 7 RS members commands a total of over 40,000 votes.Robust welcomeThere was excitement, slogan shouting and some pushing when Pranab visited the KPCC office on Queen's Road. There was rumpus well before Pranab alighted from his car. Such was the partymen's excitement that the Congress veteran struggled to enter the party office. Pranab took all this in his stride with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14570396", "title": "Drive to register property agents in Haryana remains only on paper", "text": "GURGAON: The state government's two-year-old drive to register all property agents in order to check frauds has failed to move beyond papers. This was brought to light when the director general of town and country planning department cancelled the licence of a project in Gurgaon for pre-launch before the building plans were approved. Many brokers were aggressively advertising these offers.The recent incident where the authorities acted against a project in Sector 112 (near Dwarka Expressway) is said to be the tip of the iceberg, according to market analysts. The practice of pre-launching a project gets the developers easy money from buyers and \"visibility\" in the market. In return, the brokers get higher commissions for every buyer. However, the perils for buyers are very high.Usually, there is no formal agreement between the customer and the builder at the pre-launch stage, leaving the buyer in a vulnerable position. Similarly, in case of any legal problem like rejection of official approvals, buyers stand to lose. Buyers might also have their money forfeited by the builder on pretexts like late payments, etc.The state government's drive to charge a fee from brokerage firms around the city for the licence certificate has failed because even those without the certificate are able to do business, say brokers who have paid for registration.In a city where one can find a property dealer on every street, only 1,450 brokers' licences have been issued by the administration.\"One rarely hears of any action against property dealers despite rampant frauds in the unregulated market. Registered brokers have not gained anything except a piece of paper which displays the licence details,\" said Sushant, a registered broker.According to Sanjay Sharma, managing director, QuBREX, a real estate analysis firm, there is a difference between a pre-launch and a soft launch. \"During soft launch, the builder might have all licences and NOCs in place while in case of a pre-launch, the builder does not have most of the required documents,\" he said.However, when asked, deputy commissioner P C Meena said that every complaint of pre-launch is passed on to the TCP headquarters, which has the authority to initiate disciplinary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14569971", "title": "\u2018Service tax payers need to be cautious on new regime\u2019", "text": "INDORE: As the negative list of services tax is launched from Sunday, confusions are galore that persist over the topic. Nearly 17 services have been kept out of the list and the service tax at the rate of 12.36% will be applicable in the remaining all 120 services.But, the problem was that even those services that have been included in the negative list can fall under the service tax net in certain conditions. For example, there will be no service tax on payment of house rent. But the same will become applicable on rent in case the house was being used for commercial purposes.Sheeetal Jain, chairperson, Indore branch of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, said, \"It is always good to take advices of tax practitioners so as to avoid any confusion. Even those items that are included in the negative list of service tax will also become liable for tax in certain conditions. Again, the exemptions are applicable only under certain conditions. If education has been kept in the negative list, then it is applicable only up to secondary school education level as the tax will be applicable in all higher classes.\"Sunil Bajaj, the newly elected secretary of Yeshwant Club, said, \"The government has set target to collect revenue amounting to Rs 1.24 lakh crore through the additional services. Hence my advice to the taxpayers will be that they should be honest towards the payment of taxes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14579711", "title": "Kids conceived via fertility drugs are shorter: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Children who are born full term, but are conceived with the help of fertility drugs are slightly shorter than naturally conceived children, a new study has revealed.However, the study also assures that the overall physical health of such kids is not compromised.\"Reassuringly, these children remained well within the normal height range for both their sex and age,\" researcher Tim Savage, MD, a pediatrician and research fellow at The Liggins Institute, University of Auckland , in New Zealand , said.Because some studies have revealed that IVF-conceived children are taller than naturally conceived children, the authors focussed on determinining , whether there was a difference in height for children whose mothers used only fertility drugs, such as 'clomiphene' (Clomid), without in vitro fertilization (IVF).Ovarian-stimulating fertility drugs are part of IVF, as IVF too includes fertilization and culture of embryos in a laboratory dish.The team studied 84 children conceived with the help of fertility drugs alone and 258 children who were conceived naturally.As a group, the fertility drug-conceived children were an average of 2 cm shorter than the other children, considering their age and sex. When the groups were studied by sex, the height difference was more distinct in boys than girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14577098", "title": "Verla farmer falls into pond, dies", "text": "MAPUSA: A farmer from Verla, Umesh Dhargalkar, drowned in a pond at Parra on Sunday.The police said that the 35-year-old, after working at his paddy fields in Parra in the afternoon, went to a pond nearby for a bath. While he was at the edge of the pond and splashing water on himself, he slipped and fell into it. Police said that Dhargalkar had been suffering from fits for the last two-three months and suspect that he must have got a fit, fallen into the pond and drowned.When the 108 ambulance reached the spot, Dhargalkar was declared dead. PSI S P Sawant conducted an inquest panchanama and Dhargalkar's body has been sent to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for a postmortem. Police said that his family would claim the body on Monday for the final rites.A case of unnatural death has been registered and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14572538", "title": "Spanco says power infrastructure upgrade is adequate", "text": "NAGPUR: Under fire for failure to reduce distribution and collection losses (DCL), city power franchisee Spanco says that it has done adequate upgradation of power infrastructure in its area. The company took over Gandhibagh, Mahal and Civil Lines divisions of MSEDCL on May 1, 2011. After that losses have increased instead of decreasing. This is also due to change in methodology of calculating DCL by the MSEDCL.A Spanco official said that there were negligible breakdowns this summer due to the company's infrastructure planning and rollout. But, the fact is that unless the loss figure reduces below 34%, the franchisee area will face power cuts from mid-August. With rains playing truant this year, power cuts cannot be ruled out.As on date there are about 2,650 transformers in Spanco area. Of this 75 are new ones commissioned by Spanco. It has replaced 50 transformers that were non-functional and augmented the capacity of 51 transformers. Other than this, 800 transformers have been repaired and revamped.The franchisee has erected 1,800 electric poles and laid 20km air bunch cables. These cables are laid in slum areas to make hooking impossible.The official said that as a part of its anti-theft drive, the company had replaced 40,000 meters. \"We released 25,000 service connections, which include those of power pilferers,\" he said.The official further said that Spanco had divided the infrastructure upgradation work into 200 schemes. \"We have already completed 100 schemes. Another 100 are nearing completion. We have drawn up another 230 schemes for execution in the next two years. One consumer facilitation centre (CFC) is already operational and work on four is underway,\" he said.Spanco was asked to submit a roadmap for loss reduction by MSEDCL nodal office on May 30. The company did so on June 18. However, MSEDCL was not satisfied with it and sought a detailed plan. Nodal officer Prasad Reshme asked Spanco to provide information regarding impact of installation of new transformers or repairing the existing ones on distribution losses. He also asked Spanco to elaborate on each and every aspect of its loss reduction programme including the amnesty scheme for power pilferers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14596317", "title": "Replacement liver soon to be a reality", "text": "An Indian origin scientist and her team are hopeful that new advances in tissue engineering and regenerative medicine could one day make a replacement liver from a patient's own cells, or animal muscle tissue that could be cut into steaks without ever being inside a cow.Bioengineers can already make 2D structures out of many kinds of tissue, but one of the major roadblocks to making the jump to 3D is keeping the cells within large structures from suffocating; organs have complicated 3D blood vessel networks that are still impossible to recreate in the laboratory.Now, University of Pennsylvania researchers have developed an innovative solution to this perfusion problem: they've shown that 3D printed templates of filament networks can be used to rapidly create vasculature and improve the function of engineered living tissues.The research was conducted by a team led by postdoctoral fellow Jordan S. Miller and Christopher S. Chen, the Skirkanich Professor of Innovation in the Department of Bioengineering at Penn, along with Sangeeta N. Bhatia, Wilson Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and postdoctoral fellow Kelly R. Stevens in Bhatia's laboratory.Without a vascular system \u2014 a highway for delivering nutrients and removing waste products \u2014 living cells on the inside of a 3D tissue structure quickly die.Thin tissues grown from a few layers of cells don't have this problem, as all of the cells have direct access to nutrients and oxygen. Bioengineers have therefore explored 3D printing as a way to prototype tissues containing large volumes of living cells.The most commonly explored techniques are layer-by-layer fabrication, or bioprinting, where single layers or droplets of cells and gel are created and then assembled together one drop at a time, somewhat like building a stack of LEGOs.Such \"additive manufacturing\" methods can make complex shapes out of a variety of materials, but vasculature remains a major challenge when printing with cells. Hollow channels made in this way have structural seams running between the layers, and the pressure of fluid pumping through them can push the seams apart. More important, many potentially useful cell types, like liver cells, cannot readily survive the rigors of direct 3D bioprinting.To get around this problem, Penn researchers turned the printing process inside out.Rather than trying to print a large volume of tissue and leave hollow channels for vasculature in a layer-by-layer approach, Chen and colleagues focused on the vasculature first and designed free-standing 3D filament networks in the shape of a vascular system that sat inside a mold. As in lost-wax casting, a technique that has been used to make sculptures for thousands of years, the team's approach allowed for the mold and vascular template to be removed once the cells were added and formed a solid tissue enveloping the filaments.\"Sometimes the simplest solutions come from going back to basics. I got the first hint at this solution when I visited a Body Worlds exhibit, where you can see plastic casts of free-standing, whole organ vasculature,\" Miller said.This rapid casting technique hinged on the researchers developing a material that is rigid enough to exist as a 3D network of cylindrical filaments but which can also easily dissolve in water without toxic effects on cells. They also needed to make the material compatible with a 3D printer so they could make reproducible vascular networks orders of magnitude faster, and at larger scale and higher complexity, than possible in a layer-by-layer bioprinting approach.After much testing, the team found the perfect mix of material properties in a humble material: sugar. Sugars are mechanically strong and make up the majority of organic biomass on the planet in the form of cellulose, but their building blocks are also typically added and dissolved into nutrient media that help cells grow.The formula they settled on \u2014 a combination of sucrose and glucose along with dextran for structural reinforcement \u2014 is printed with a RepRap, an open-source 3D printer with a custom-designed extruder and controlling software. An important step in stabilizing the sugar after printing, templates are coated in a thin layer of a degradable polymer derived from corn.This coating allows the sugar template to be dissolved and to flow out of the gel through the channels they create without inhibiting the solidification of the gel or damaging the growing cells nearby. Once the sugar is removed, the researchers start flowing fluid through the vascular architecture and cells begin to receive nutrients and oxygen similar to the exchange that naturally happens in the body.The whole process is quick and inexpensive, allowing the researchers to switch with ease between computer simulations and physical models of multiple vascular configurations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "14572598", "title": "Minor girl gangraped in Nawada", "text": "Nawada: A 14-year-old girl was waylaid, gangraped and dumped on the banks of river Khuri by unidentified miscreants on Friday night at Takiapar locality under Nawada Town police station in Nawada district. The unconscious girl, with several bruise marks all over her body, was recovered on Saturday morning. The Sadar Hospital doctors referred her to PMCH due to her critical condition.According to Nawada SDPO Shariyar Akhtar, the girl had gone with her family to attend a function in the neighbourhood on Friday night. On their way back home at night, she was leading the way. Meanwhile, taking advantage of the darkness, miscreants from the locality gagged her and whisked her away. The several bruise marks on her body testify to the fact that she was severely beaten before her eventual gangrape. Her mother has lodged a complaint with the Town police in this connection, added the SDPO.Clobbered to death: A woman was clobbered to death merely because she voiced her objection over drinking of liquor at her home at Chhoti Sheikhpura village under Narhat police station. The police have arrested one of the two culprits involved, according to Rajauli SDPO Saiffur Rahman.According to reports, the 65-year-old victim and wife of Naurangi Dabgar, was shocked to see two persons enter her house in a drunken state in the absence of her husband. When she protested, they informed her that they were her husband's friends and had been invited for a drink. The woman asked them to get out of her house. The two drunkards, one of them identified as Shankar Manjhi, took out a country liquor pouch from his pocket to spite the woman. This enraged the woman further and she tried to drag them out of her house. Subsequently, the two men clobbered her to death. Shankar Manjhi was arrested on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579383", "title": "It's been happening too often, says industry", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a huge let-down , is the near unanimous verdict of industry in Karnataka about the crisis in the ruling BJP.Coming so soon after the successful Global Investors Meet, the crisis threatens to squash all the positive sentiment evoked by the event. \"There is a very clear indication that in the minds of the investors, Karnataka has let them down. Not so much by way of squandering their investments, but in not providing stable and good governance,\" said Sajan Poovayya, partner in law firm Poovayya &amp; Co, and former chairman of industry body FICCI, Karnataka .Anger is palpable among many. \"Though industry bodies supported the Global Investors Meet, what is the message we are sending out to the investor community ,\" asked K Shivashanmugam , president of FKCCI.Infosys co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan sounded frustrated when TOI called him: \"These things have been happening quite often. There's no point talking about it each time. I really don't want to comment.\"R C Purohit, director in the Bhoruka Group, wondered why an investor would want to block his money where the political will is missing. \"I would be surprised if 20% of the deals signed in the recently held Global Investors Meet got converted,\" he said. A number of important bills are pending before the state cabinet and legislature, including an infrastructure bill, a textile policy , an aerospace policy. Industry minister Murugesh Nirani said at the investors meet that the government was seriously thinking of bringing amendments to the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) Act to facilitate transfer of land to industry quickly. These would have helped to further boost the sentiment generated by the investors meet and reverse the state's flagging growth rate.But all of these initiatives are likely now to get delayed. \"The instability has delayed decisionmaking as ministers are sitting on pending files,\" said Purohit.Aroon Raman, MD of Raman FiberScience and former chairman of CII, Karnataka, said there could be uncertainty around large projects that were being looked at by the State High Level Committee, which is chaired by the chief minister. He said the projects that had been cleared might make timely progress, provided the bureaucracy was allowed to function smoothly.Krishnakumar Natarajan, CEO of MindTree, said it's sad that governance had come to a standstill in the state, but he does not think it would impact the IT industry, considering the industry does not depend much on the government.Poovayya said the state had not reached a stage of \"development paralysis\" . \"Politicians still have time to get their act together and ensure that future investments wouldn't get eroded due to lack of good governance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14579535", "title": "Of walls that stand out, provoke action", "text": "LUDHIANA: A couple of ideas, some cans of spray paints and hearts boiling against evils in the system has fired up five young Ludhianvis to splash the town with graffiti and provoke fellow residents to take action. The latest one to appear is on a wall in Gurdev Nagar. The bold letters say \"Revolution\", with the letter 'R' standing out.\"The letter 'R' in this graffiti has been done in a different colour to highlight that there can be no 'revolution' without 'evolution'. All of us have to evolve and only then will things change around us,\" said 21-year-old mechanical engineer Jagmeet Singh Nagi, a resident of Sargodha Colony.Rajguru Nagar resident Sahil Bhardwaj, who is studying in Delhi, said this is their third graffiti.The first one was in February 2011 explode in support of Anna Hazare's movement and asking people to come out in support. The second was made in November 2011 'Dam'ocracy.\"In our second graffiti we played on the word democracy and tweaked it to highlight how people care a damn about rules and regulations in this system,\" he said, adding that they are hoping this is only a start for many more to come.Jagmeet's younger brother Sahib Singh, who is studying in Class X and is also a member of the group, said their main aim is to create awareness among people against the ills of the system in a way that triggers action. He added that Sandeep Singh, 28, an iron trader, is the one who usually makes graffiti with spray paint.Five young residents of this booming city have been painting graffiti on walls to wake up Ludhiana's conscience.Sandeep Singh, an iron trader, is the one who usually makes graffiti with spray paint. \"The other group members decide what should go up on the wall and make it into graffiti. These days I have been using normal spray paint because the low pressure cans that are specially used for making graffiti are not available in the city,\" said Sandeep.The group credits 20-year-old Shubham Syal of Punjab Mata Nagar for giving the idea of painting \"Revolution\" and making its first alphabet in another colour to give it a deeper meaning. But Shubham is modest about it and shares the glory with other members. \"Our entire group is involved in this activity and we decide things together. Since our finances are limited we chose single words that can convey much and carry a strong message,\" he said.About how they pick which wall they want to deck, Jagmeet said, \"While choosing we ensure that the wall is at a very frequented place so that maximum people see it. Our second consideration is that it should be a place that is otherwise shabby so that our graffiti gives it a facelift. Thus we kill two birds with one stone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14572839", "title": "Jundal to be face-to-face with understudy", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is one LeT operative that 26/11 handler Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal would neither like to meet nor identify. Lalbaba Mohammed Sheikh, lodged in Pune's Yerwada jail facing charges of reconnaissance for terror acts, is the man who knows Jundal most closely. And now, agencies are planning to bring them face-to-face to counter any deception either of them may have used to mislead interrogators.Sources said it was Lalbaba Sheikh, also known as Bilal, who first identified Jundal's voice on the 26/11 tapes as that of Syed Zabiuddin Ansari, helping agencies launch a year-long operation to nab their biggest catch so far in the Mumbai attack conspiracy.Bilal was arrested by Maharashtra ATS along with German Bakery blast accused Himayat Inayat Baig in Spetember 2010 but not charged in the blast case.He was arrested for alleged reconnaissance of vital government installations in Maharashtra.The police had seized from Bilal two kg of RDX, LeT literature, soldering wires, cutters, booklets on bomb-making, SIM cards, fake documents used for getting SIM cards, mobile phones, pen drives and $1,300 and Rs 10,500 in cash.Investigations have now found that Bilal was trained and planted by Jundal for a post-26/11 attack but was apprehended. Belonging to the same module as that of Aurangabad arms haul accused Fayyaz Kagzi, of which Jundal was a key part, Bilal was sent to Pakistan in January 2008 where he was trained by Jundal and others in Karachi.He returned to India via Bangladesh in May 2010 but had in between visited India thrice, twice via Bangladesh and once via Nepal. Sources said the dollars recovered from Bilal were given to him by the LeT.\"Of all terror accused in the custody of various agencies, he knows Jundal most closely. He had met Jundal in Karachi and is practically his man. We will confront them with each other during interrogation to find out whether they have been speaking the truth during interrogation. This will perhaps lead to some fresh information on not only 26/11 attacks but several other cases and existing LeT modules in the country\" an officer said.Notably, Jundal is also mentioned as a conspirator in the German Bakery blast case and Maharashtra ATS is seeking his custody in connection with that.This confrontation is expected to happen when Mumbai Police gets Jundal's custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602999", "title": "I do commercial film on audience demand: Yashpal Sharma", "text": "Winning appreciation for his films in 'Rowdy Rathore', 'Singh is king', actor Yashpal Sharma says, \"I do not enjoy doing these movie which are only commercially motivated still I do as these films for the sake of my fans.People like me in these roles. On audience demand I do these movies and on my follow my heart while doing meaningful movies. I love them but still I am selective in them.Movies like \"Dabaang\", \"Bodyguard\", \"Ready\", will not be seen after 2-3 years, such type of movie have a short life span. Such masala movie lack reality which the audience these days are looking for. In most of the movies negative characters are shown from UP and Bihar since lot of such characters exist in these areas where law and order is a problem, he says\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579275", "title": "'I served BSY like Anjaneya, but\u2026'", "text": "BANGALORE: A rebellion within the ranks of dissidents camp. Yeddyurappa loyalist Es En Krishhnaiah Setty has switched to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's camp. Setty reportedly lashed out at Yeddyurappa before BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan on Saturday and said: \"Yeddyurappa and his children are responsible for me facing a jail term. I served them like Anjaneya, but the reward I got was imprisonment. The high command should not bow to his pressure tactics and should allow Gowda to continue .\"It may be recalled that Setty had embarassed Yeddyurappa in the initial days of the BJP's rule.The discussion came up when ministers loyal to Gowda reportedly told Pradhan that all the plum and lucrative portfolios like industries (Murugesh Nirani), public works (CM Udasi), water resources (Basavaraj Bommai), energy ( Shobha Karandlaje), agriculture (Umesh Katti), are being held by Yeddyurappa's followers . \"They have made enough money through corrupt practices while in Yeddyurappa's government. It has been difficult for them to make money under Sadananda Gowda, therefore dissidents are demanding for his replacement,\" Gowda's supporters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14570320", "title": "Two more test positive for H1N1 on Sunday", "text": "Two more persons tested positive for H1N1 on Sunday. One is a four-year-old boy from Khar, who has been admitted to a private hospital and put on a dose of Tamiflu.The other is a 35-year-old man from Powai. \"Both patients have been admitted to private hospitals and their treatment has started. Both are stable,\" said Dr Mangala Gomare, epidemiologist with the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579435", "title": "Science students go beyond textbooks", "text": "BANGALORE: Learning science can be fun. And here is how. Be a part of the classes at Jawaharlal Nehru Planetarium and learn the basics of the subject from experts. Students of standards 8, 9 and 10 who want to explore the world beyond textbooks can now get together for the classes.Not confined to any particular syllabus or examination , the course is aimed at giving a detailed view of scientific things happening around us. The course subject this year is 'electricity and agnetism' where students will be taught about electric charges, their usefulness, voltage, current, circuit, direct current and much more.\"I really liked today's class. I got to learn new things,\" said Skandana, a student of Air Force School.Another student, Aishwarya S Subramaniam of Kendriya Vidyalaya, said: \"The extra knowledge that we are getting beyond our books is amazing. It is interesting.\"\"It is a classroom beyond monotonous rules. The syllabus really doesn't matter; it is the way you teach. Students learn through experimentation rather than just getting bookish knowledge. A few parents think if they get their wards to join these classes, they'd crack IITs and other exams. But we aim at passing on knowledge about the subject with fun and experimentation ,'' said HK Madhusudhan , head of the programme.These classes are being conducted every Sunday for students of 15-17 age group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566490", "title": "Call data row: Police mum on Maharashtra SP\u2019s role", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although the role of the Nanded superintendent of police in gathering the call data record (CDR) of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana is becoming clear as new evidence comes to light, Andhra Pradesh police is busy denying any connection here.Additional director general of police S Gopal Reddy, currently in-charge of the Crime Investigation Department (CID), told TOI that there is no clarity yet on the role of Nanded police in the matter.\"There is no information that the Nanded SP had sent the request seeking Lakshminarayana's call details. It could have been anyone and the matter needs to be probed,\" Reddy said.Thus, the name of the IPS officer who knowingly or unknowing sent the request to the service provider (BSNL) seeking call details of the CBI joint director continues to stay under wraps. Sources said that the name of the officer was deliberately being kept secret by the investigative agency since only an officer of the rank of SP or above could have put in a request seeking CDR.Surprisingly, besides eliminating the role of the SP, CID said that they had yet to receive information about any private detective agency seeking the call records. Businessman Raghurama Ramakrishna Raju has been accused of collecting Lakshminarayana's CDR before filing a case in high court.Police said teams have been formed to collect documentary proof to nail the culprits. A few DSP rank officers have been drafted in by CID officials to carry out the probe. Although Nacharam inspector Srinivas Rao was summoned by CID, he failed to show up till Sunday. The CID officers are tight-lipped about the status of the investigation.Earlier, Cyberabad police had made substantial progress in the case relating to Vasireddy Chandrabala, a friend of Lakshminarayana's, whose CDR, too, was made public. It is learnt that Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao has quizzed the suspended Nacharam inspector in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14575344", "title": "Panchayats, awards &amp; planned deception", "text": "MADURAI: Village panchayats which work towards bagging awards for good work and other outstanding achievements, stop caring for the same after the awards are received, as is apparent from the condition of the Kalikkampatti panchayat in Athoor union in Dindigul district. The panchayat has bagged the Nirmal Gram Puraskar and the Uthamar Gandhi Award in the recent past.The panchayat president, Bhuvaneswari Arularasan (DMK), under whom the village received the two awards, continues to be the head of this village panchayat for the second consecutive time now, but unfortunately no progress has been made by the local body ever since the awards were given. While the Nirmal Gram Puraskar is given for total sanitation, the Uthamar Gandhi Award is given for able administration, transparency and successful implementation of development works. This panchayat won the Nirmal Puraskar during 2007-2008 and the Uthamar Gandhi Award in 2009-2010.Walking into this 'winning' panchayat now about a year after it bagged these two awards leaves much to be desired. The playground is now crowded with cattle tied to various playing equipment, and children cannot walk into it for reasons more than one. \"This just shows people are not committed to their own wellbeing. No one seems concerned about the sorry state of this panchayat, which was spic and span two years ago,\" said Subburam, a villager.The path to the cemetery outside the mosque between Kalikkampatti and Munnilaikottai is strewn with garbage, stench emanating from it.Ramanathan, a teacher, says the awards are given to local bodies to set an example for others to follow, but this panchayat has set a bad example. \"This shows that awards are given based on political influence. This panchayat seems to have got the award on the influence of a former DMK minister, otherwise how can a good panchayat become such a horrible one,\" said Kumar, another teacher. Almost all roads in this panchayat have become badly damaged, say these people.Speaking to TOI, panchayat president Bhuvaneswari said they were trying to live up to their standards and were concentrating on their water and electricity problems. A little prodding, and she admits that they were not carrying out any development activities now. \"We, however, try to ensure that all government schemes reach the people,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572852", "title": "Power crisis: Technical snag not located", "text": "PATNA: The ongoing power crisis in the city has aggravated further following cable fault in western parts of the state capital since Friday. Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) has failed to detect the exact location of the fault in one-and-a-half km stretch between Gardanibagh railway crossing no 15 and Vikas Bhavan (New Secretariat).\"Our team is working 24X7 to locate the cable fault and we are hopeful to find it soon. As a result of this, we had to introduce load shedding for nearly two hours to rationalize power supply during peak hours,\" said S K P Singh, Pesu's general manager.A large number of people residing in densely-populated localities like Boring Road, Shri Krishna Puri, Buddha Colony and Patliputra Colony complained of prolonged power cuts during peak hours. \"We are also facing acute water shortage. We had to go to one of our relatives' residence in other locality for daily chores,\" said Tushar, a resident of Buddha Colony.But Pesu denied there was any crisis due to cable fault. \"We had managed to provide adequate power supply from other feeders to these localities. In order to avoid excess load, we had to introduce load shedding for two hours during peak hours,\" Singh told TOI.The rampant illegal power connections in thickly-populated areas, including Phulwarisharif, Gosain Tola, Mainpura, Digha, New Bypass, parts of Patna City, Kankarbagh, Rajiv Nagar and Beur, are also one of the reasons for power cuts and voltage fluctuations.\"With the huge growth of the city, particularly in Boring Road, North S K Puri and Patliputra Colony localities, we are facing acute \"cooling load\" due to installation of air-conditioners in a large number of residential units. We have estimated a 25% increase in power load per year in these areas due to construction of multi-storied residential flats and commercial units,\" the Pesu chief said.Now, the timing of peak hours has also changed in these localities from 10.30pm to 2am. \"The sudden rise in demand for power in the city from 10.30pm onwards is mainly due to AC load,\" Singh said.Amid this grim scenario, Bihar received approximately 1,550MW of power on Sunday from all sources, including the central sector, as against its peak demand of nearly 3,000MW. Out of it, Pesu's demand crosses 450MW during peak hours. \"With the substantial growth in the number of multi-storied apartments, commercial complexes and shopping malls, city's power requirement has increased manifold,\" said BSEB spokesman, H R Pandey.Bihar's lone thermal power station at Barauni (unit 6 &amp; 7) in Begusarai district has been shut down for renovation and maintenance work till the end of this year. Similarly, Bihar's joint venture power plant (unit 1 &amp; 2) at Kanti in Muzaffarpur has also been shut down since November 3 last year. This plant is also not likely to start generation till December 2012, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566988", "title": "NOC must for sale of church land in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: A letter issued last month by the chief commissionerate of land administration to all district collectors has made it mandatory that, for any church property sale to be registered, a no objection certificate from the collector has to be produced first.The directive comes as a shot in the arm for those resisting the large-scale sale of church land across the state. The letter was issued by the then CCLA and special chief secretary Minnie Mathew.It states that the NOC rule has been made binding following several representations to the AP Christian Minorities' Finance Corporation regarding illegal sale of church assets in the state.Incidentally, in March this year, a hostel for orphan children in a Lutheran Mission compound in Guntur district was sold to a private party for redevelopment into a commercial complex.Although a government order was issued a few years back putting restrictions on the sale of church property, it was soon withdrawn, paving the way for unregulated sale. The order in question stated that church property should not be alienated and there even was subsequent correspondence between the departments of revenue and stamps and registration in this regard before the matter was put aside. \"Will these properties, which were sold during the interim period and are being transferred even now, ever be restored,\" questions Bhaskar Benny of Christian Front, calling for the cancellation of these registrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571967", "title": "Busted cop paid Rs 2L for cocaine from Karaikal", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigators who busted a cocaine racket in the city two days ago with the arrest of a constable, have found that the drug was procured from Karaikal, a coastal district that is part of Puducherry.Constable Ramesh Kumar, who was caught supplying cocaine to two peddlers, confessed that he paid 2 lakh for around 800g of the narcotic that costs 10 lakh on the international market. He procured the cocaine from Karaikal. Sources said cocaine is being sent to Sri Lanka via Karaikal.A constable attached to the Korrukupet police, Ramesh Kumar, was suspended on Saturday after being arrested by NIB-CID for allegedly supplying cocaine to drug peddlers at Korrukupet two days ago. Based on Kumar's confessions, a special police team from Narcotics Intelligence Bureau has been sent to Karaikal to collect information about the main supplier.Peddlers Jothi Kumar and Vinoth Mohan, who were also caught by NIB-CID sleuths, revealed that the narcotic was supplied to them by Kumar. On interrogation, Kumar said he had supplied the contraband. About 800g of cocaine was seized from his possession.According to police sources, Kumar, a native of Nagapattinam, had been living with his wife and two-year-old child at Washermenpet police quarters for the past four years. He was a grade-I police constable attached to Korrukupet police station.He came in contact with few textile businessmen in the area and subsequently befriended Vinoth Mohan and Jothi Kumar. He often went for a booze party with them and subsequently got the information about the supply of cocaine.Kumar told NIB sleuths that the drug was transported to Sri Lanka via Karaikal from where peddlers manage to procure it at a cheaper price. He had obtained the substance for 2 lakh. When Kumar reached Chennai, he approached the duo and asked them to sell the cocaine which he believed would fetch huge price in the city. Sources said that he had initially given 1kg to the two asking them to sell the narcotic substance to high-profile customers.The two identified their customers and negotiated with them in North Chennai. They managed to convince the customers to accept the goods for a sum between 6 lakh and 7 lakh. But the customers found that the drug was substandard and refused to take the goods. Based on their confession, police arrested Kumar.Kumar, who confessed to have bought the drug from an unknown supplier in Karaikal, claimed it was his first attempt to smuggle cocaine. NIB-CID sleuths are trying to find out if he was involved in similar offences earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602603", "title": "When Mugdha got a real scare!", "text": "Actress Mugdha Godse who is currently shooting for her film tentatively titled No Rules For Fools with Vinay Pathak in Mumbai, had quite a scare.Her shoot was about to start when one of the spot boys cut his thumb with a fan in high speed. The bleeding was profuse and unfortunately there was no one around ready with a medical kit by the time someone would attend to him he would have been in intense pain, hence Mugdha stopped the shoot for a bit and called her driver whom she instructed to take the spot boy to the hospital immediately.She apparently even gave her driver the cash and asked to get him treated well. The guy came back with a smile as the bruise was terrible and any delay could've resulted in him losing his thumb. M ugdha was smiling too, and glad she could be of some help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573851", "title": "Four arrested in bar owner's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Imambada police on Sunday nabbed four persons for their alleged involvement in the murder of bar owner Pradeep Bhoyar. Another accused, who sustained injuries while fleeing, is recuperating at a hospital. Bhoyar was stabbed to death shortly after Friday midnight as he stepped outside his bar.Police claimed that Bhoyar's killing was a fallout of revenge of Balu Mandape's murder which had taken place in January 2009. Police nabbed Ashish Francis, Dharmendra Yadav, Kevin Suryavanshi and Abhay Tekade while Anurag Rangari has been undergoing treatment. It is learnt that Francis and Yadav were close aides of Mandpe.Bhoyar had sought Mandpe's assistance to vacate the property where he later erected the bar. During the negotiation, Bhoyar had promised shares and additional amount to Mandpe for vacating the premises. Later, Bhoyar did not fulfil his promise.On the other hand, Bhoyar had allegedly given 'supari' (contract) to a goon who ensured that Mandpe was bumped off. This had left Mandpe's gang enraged. They planned Bhoyar's murder.The gang had kept a stone in front of Bhoyar's car to trap him. When Bhoyar got down to remove the stone, he was stabbed to death.Suspecting a gang war behind Bhoyar's murder, a tight bundobust was deployed in the mortuary of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where Bhoyar's body was sent for post mortem. There was security at the crematorium too.On Friday, Bhoyar had parked his car at some distance from his bar. Since Saturday was a dry day, Bhoyar was at the bar till late night on Friday.Around 1am, he left for home while the waiters were still cleaning the bar. Eyewitness Shivkumar Tiwari, also the security guard of the bar stated that he followed Bhoyar till his car.Bhoyar was taking his car in reverse direction while Tiwari was giving him directions. Tiwari told to the police that the youths had kept some stones around the rear wheels and hence the car could not take reverse.\"Bhoyar had just opened the door when around four youths came and attacked him. Two of them hit on the front shield and windows of the car while other two stabbed him four times on the neck,\" said Tiwari in his statement.Tiwari even dared to stop the youths, but he ran inside the bar as the youths tried to attack himTiwari alerted the waiters and cleaners of the bar. By the time they came to help, Bhoyar was lying in the pool of blood near his car while the murderers had fled.They immediately informed police control room, who then transferred the message to Imambada police.Bhoyar was rushed to GMCH first. Later, due to delay in treatment, people took him to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead.On investigating the spot,Police found a pair of slippers of one of the murderers at the crime spot. A sniffer dog took cops till Chandan Nagar where they found three bloodstained weapons. However, the police could not confirm if the weapons found were used in the murder.The culprits arrested have several criminal cases registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14571336", "title": "Another clash in Bharatpur, 2 women shot dead", "text": "ALWAR: Two women were shot death and least seven others sustained bullet injuries when a dispute over digging up of soil turned violent in Bharatpur's Kumher police station area on Sunday. The injured have been admitted to RBM Hospital in Bharatpur. Police said the condition of some of the victims is critical. About a dozen people have been taken into custody in connection with the incident.According to the police, the incident took place near Dahava village around 6.30 am. Some women from two families of Bane Singh Jat and Sube Singh Jat recently had gone to get soil from the nearby ravine area.\"While the women were digging earth, a dispute broke out among them. They informed their respective family members who arrived there armed with guns and sticks,\" a police officer said.Two women, identified as Santo Devi (50) and Champa Devi (45) were shot to death during the clash that ensued. While Santa Devi was from Bane Singh's family, Champa was from Sube Singh's side.\"About seven others also sustained bullet injuries. Three others were injured in stone pelting and fist fight. A police team was rushed to the spot which took the injured to a hospital in Bharatpur. About a dozen men were rounded up from the spot,\" said Kumher SHO Ashok Chouhan.He added that an FIR has been registered against people from both the sides. Further investigation is on.The incident has come a day after yet another violent clash between two groups of people at Jagheena village under Udhyog Nagar police station area of Bharatpur district. A 54-year-old woman who was taking part in a religious procession was killed during stampede after the rivals opened fire against each other. Eight persons sustained bullet injuries during the incident. The woman's body had been trampled upon during the stampede and was spotted almost half an hour after her death.The deteriorating law and order situation in Bharatpur has put the police under pressure and at the same time it has exposed the easy availability of firearms in the state's Mewat region. Sources said illegal firearms are locally manufactured and easily available in the region leading to such violent clashes over petty issues.After the Gopalgarh communal violence in Bharatpur in March this year in which at least 10 Meo Muslims were killed, the state government had asked the local police to step up vigil to stop the business of illegal weapons in the area. However, nothing seems to have been done in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573443", "title": "Doctor\u2019s Day observed in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Doctor's day was observed on Sunday under the aegis of Allahabad Medical Association (AMA) where the speakers recalled the contribution of Bharat Ratna Dr BC Roy whose birthday (July 1) is celebrated every year as Doctor's Day.The speakers recalled Roy's contribution as a great doctor, politician and a freedom fighter and an eminent social worker. During his life time, Roy headed Indian Medical association (IMA), Medical Council of India. Vice chancellor of Kolkata University, UP governor etc.On the occasion, the Allahabad Medical Association felicitated its senior members including Dr Ramesh Kumar, Dr RN Mishra and Dr Ramnivas Gupta for their contribution towards the society.Senior officials of the power department including Ashish Asthana and AR Verma were also present on the occasion. For their contribution towards organising the annual science symposium of AMA, Dr Radha Rani Ghosh and Dr Abhilasha Chaturvedi were also presented memento by AMA.Family members of doctors including children namely, Akshat Pandey, Toshi Jain, Neha Srivastava, Rina Prasad, Akshat Verma, Siddhant Sarthak Mishra were also feliciteted for outstanding performance in the field of academics.Addressing the gathering, chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava, who was the chief guest, praised the contribution of doctors towards the society and assured to provide them security and safety at all levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572739", "title": "Four persons detained after groups clash", "text": "PATNA: The police detained four persons after two groups clashed in Defence Colony under Kankarbagh police station on Sunday. In charge SHO of Kankarbagh B P Gupta said a case of kidnapping of a girl Ragini, who runs a dance school, was lodged with the police station concerned on June 29. One Ravi Kumar was made accused in the case. He said the girl's family members on Sunday caught Ravi and kept him hostage at their house.He said that when Ravi's family members came to know about this, they reached the girl's house and a scuffle broke out between them. On getting information, a police team reached the spot and detained four persons, including Ravi. The girl is still missing.One arrested: The Patrakarnagar police on Sunday arrested one Vijendra Rai in connection with a case of firing between two groups late on Saturday evening.Patrakarnagar SHO Dhirendra Pandey said Rai's gun and six live cartridges had been seized. He said the police would seek permission from Patna CJM court for forensic test of the gun to ascertain whether it was used in the firing. It may be mentioned here that two groups had exchanged fire over a disputed house in Kali Mandir Lane under Patrakarnagar police station late on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14592742", "title": "Art grows, awareness follows", "text": "While new art galleries are opening up each month, art aficionados feel appreciation of true art is still developing in the city.Art is admittedly a growing medium, and the city is putting its best foot forward to promote homegrown and experienced artists in the city by opening up new art galleries. The mushrooming of these new art galleries is a definite indicator that art is a growing medium. With social networking media making it that much easier for the artists to access the public, by posting some of their work online and gaining instant feedback , there is a growing market for art in the city. While artists are getting better recognition and there is better awareness now, Coimbatore is yet to have art critics and buyers are still an elite few. \"We opened a new art gallery in the heart of the city earlier this month, and there has been a fair share of people who have come in to our gallery to take a look at the paintings and artwork done by 25 artists from all over the country and abroad, many out of curiosity. We have displayed a combination of contemporary, historic and realistic paintings, which have attracted art enthusiasts from different walks of life,\" says D Chitty Babu, local artist and an art lecturer at a city college. While there is a better understanding of the nuances of art due to better public awareness, purchase is still limited. \"It is true that people still think twice about buying paintings, and normally opt for paintings of landscapes, temples and the likes, which they can display on their home walls as these paintings are relatively cheaper,\" Chitty Babu points out. However, the mushrooming of online forums for artists and the social networking media are making it that much easier for the general public to access quality artwork. \"Modern art galleries which showcase attractive paintings of popular artists from the country and abroad, and update some of the work online attract more youth and genuine art aficionados to visit and make an attempt to understand the finer points of art. Besides, some of the artists are personally accessible at the gallery, and the public gets an opportunity to interact directly with them and clarify their doubts,\" quips N Padmaraj, senior artist and art lecturer, who is the curator of a new art gallery at R S Puram. These galleries have given an opportunity to both amateur and senior professional artists to display their work, instead of being restricted to limited art exhibitions which have a mixed response. \"My creative artwork is on display at a newly opened art gallery in the city, and there are over 90 paintings of 25 artists, both professionals and amateurs on display. While art appreciation will take it's time to develop in the city, owing to busy schedules and low levels of marketing, our work is still recognized. People come in to the gallery, look at the artist's name and, if popular enough, choose to buy their work. There is a lot of pride associated with art, and the number of new art galleries, apart from the online media will slowly give artists the recognition they deserve,\" opines V Jeevananthan, eminent artist and award-winning author. It may take it's time to pick up as a business , but there is no denying the fact that Kovai is beginning to warm up to art, with exhibitions and documentaries reviving the medium. vaibhav.shastry@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14573761", "title": "Superstar Saroj Kumar turns down-to-earth", "text": "KOCHI: For all the wry self-deprecating humour actor-director Sreenivasan is known for, the sly and down-to-earth Vijayan of laugh riot Nadodikattu is not someone obsessed with himself. Like the social satires he penned and acted in, the actor is keen on the larger picture, and as a socially aware and responsible citizen, he has now to his credit the first individual green home in the state.Work on the nearly Rs 2 crore green home, the first individual house in the state to be certified by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC), a leading agency promoting the green building culture in the country, at Kandanad, near Tripunithura, a city suburb, was completed by the actor recently.The four-bedroom residence secured platinum rating, the highest awarded by the council, by scoring 64 points. The highest rating is given to houses that score between 60 and 80 and in recognition to global leadership in the green movement, according to IGBC.\"Sreenivasan's home is the first individual home in the state to be given a green certification after we started green rating for residential buildings three years ago. It was awarded platinum certification by rating the construction materials used, energy and water efficiency of the building,\" said B R Ajith, chairman, Kochi chapter of the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC). Ajith said that one can set up a green home by spending three percent additional to the total project cost.\"But one may need to shell out seven percent extra for getting a platinum certification,\" he said.Different levels of green certification are awarded on the basis of total points earned. Homes are required to meet certain criteria including site selection and planning, water and energy efficiency, materials, indoor environmental quality and innovation and design process for receiving the rating. The certification is a critical process for council in facilitating construction of energy and water efficient, healthy, comfortable and environment-friendly residential buildings.\"I came to know about green homes during one of my visits to Dubai four or five years ago. I wanted to incorporate new ideas, including the green concept, when I decided to build a new home as it can reduce water and energy consumption to a great extent,\" said Sreenivasan. He was also inspired by many eco-friendly features of green homes.\"Lights and fans in my home use solar energy and energy efficiency is one of the mandatory requirements to get the certification,\" said Sreenivasan.In order to get the green certification, the actor had to preserve a portion of the total land area for vegetation and lawns, said Anooja, the engineer who supervised the project.While the lawn has Mexican grass which does not require much water, high reflective roof, low flow water fixtures, rainwater harvesting and use of materials with recycled content are the other green measures incorporated in design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14572046", "title": "No water in posh areas for third day", "text": "NAGPUR: Few posh localities of the city will have to face water crisis for one more day as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) could not complete the repairing work in given two days. Citing the reason of water leakage in main water pipeline, the NMC had stopped water supply to Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Netaji Market area, Takia, Kumbhartoli, Choti Dhantoli and adjoining areas on June 30. NMC in a press release issued on June 29 informed about no water supply to these areas on June 30 and July 1 for undertaking the works to repair the leakage.NMC officials from water works department said that the work was not completed on July 1. \"There would be no water supply on July 2 also due to non-completion of the work. Water supply may be normalized on July 3, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14570487", "title": "ATS wants to know RDX trail from Ansari", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-terrorism squad that is seeking Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's custody wants to interrogate him to join the dots regarding the RDX consignment that was seized in Aurangabad in 2006 to figure out if it was still hidden somewhere in the country for future terror operations.After 2006, RDX was used in a couple of blasts, including Pune, but the security agencies were unable to trace its source. An official said it was difficult to match if the used RDX was part of the seized consignment.\"His interrogation will help us to understand from where RDX was brought, the exact location where it landed and distributed and the persons involved in it. We also want to question him to find out if more RDX landed in the country and was it diverted somewhere else,\" a senior ATS official said.In 2006, the ATS along with the intelligence bureau and Aurangabad police had seized 43 kg of RDX along with other explosives but Ansari managed to escape. ATS officials said Ansari was the only person who was aware about the origin and route of the explosives and where it was supposed to be delivered.\"We presumed that the explosive landed at a coastal area in Karnataka from where it was distributed. But we had no confirmation about the exact location and if more RDX had landed,\" said a senior officer involved in the arms haul case.\"We were not sure if Ansari had collected a similar consignment in the area earlier too. The arrested people were unaware about the details,\" said another official.Ansari's custody is important for the state ATS and the crime branch as he would help them to connect several missing links.\"He must be aware about the real identity and details of the terrorists living in India and Pakistan with aliases,\" said a senior officer.Ansari, a native of Beed in the Marathwada region, was arrested by the Delhi police on June 21 after he was deported from Saudi Arabia . The state's special counsel, Ujwal Nikam, filed a production warrant before a Delhi court for his custody but did not succeed. Ansari is in the custody of Delhi police special cell till July 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "14579794", "title": "Black money hunt cleans village well", "text": "TUMKUR: It was a hectic Sunday morning for villagers in Bajagooru of Tumkur district . The local well was laboriously cleaned out, not for any hygienic reason.Two villagers saw two Rs 500 currency notes floating in the well. In no time, the village was in the grip of rumours that a businessman from Bangalore had dumped his black money in the well following a police raid. The villagers decided to clean the well in the hope that more money would be found. A motor was brought to pump the water out of the well. After several hours, all that surfaced was some dirt and stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14576153", "title": "Delay in regional plan 2021 rectification annoys NGOs", "text": "PANAJI: Delays in starting the process of rectifying the Regional Plan 2021 has forced non-governmental organizations to raise concerns over continued violations and demand that a mechanism be put in place for the rectification of the plan.Sabina Martins of the Goa bachao abhiyan (GBA) told TOI that people had demanded corrections of certain anomalies. However, the government has not put in place any mechanism for the rectification, as a result of which violations have continued in eco sensitive zones.\"Whatever the government has announced with regards to rectifications, it has not yet set in motion a mechanism to rectify the plan and this is of serious concern,\" said Martins.TCP officials said that they have sent the file to the chief minister's office with the procedure needed to be followed during the rectification. \"We have sent a file to the chief minister and are waiting for clearance before starting the rectification,\" said a TCP official.The TCP official also said that they have started issuing new permissions as per the recent order issued by the government. The government in an order had said that pending drafting and notification of a fresh plan, RP 2001 shall be used as a reference plan for the purpose of determining the land use but that the FAR policy, height of buildings, categorization of village panchayats (VP1 and VP2) will be as per RP 2021. In addition, the order said that eco-sensitive zoning of RP2021 shall also be strictly adhered to while deciding on applications for development.GBA said that they don't know if government will continue with the rectification process where it was stopped after model code of conduct was imposed or if it would be altogether a new process. \"Rectification process cannot be delayed for a long time and proper guidelines should be put in place,\" said Martins.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced that a new RP 2021would be finalized within six months. He had also said the government will hold daily hearings on the objections and suggestions received from stakeholders on the RP.It may be recalled that apart from panchayats, TCP had received some 3,000 objections and suggestions of which 90% have requested for a change in zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571075", "title": "Eco-friendly stage at Prinsep Ghat and monument to have permanent stage", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever since the majestic structure came into being, the Prinsep Ghat has attracted tourists as well as captivated the cityfolk. The city has also stood witness to several cultural events, with the illuminated Prinsep Ghat looming large in the background.But all these programmes took place on makeshift stages. Thus the PWD has decided to set up a permanent stage in front of the monument. Princep Ghat, by the side of the river Hooghly, is a huge attraction for tourists in Kolkata, and cultural programmes held in front of the Princep monument throughout the year on makeshift stage, especially during winter.Now, the state PWD is all set to prepare a permanent stage and place for the audience in front of the monument.The stage will not resemble any of the conventional concrete structures that we usually get to see. It will However, it will be a stage will be with a difference: it will be made of earth mounds and gravel and surrounded by trees to give it a \"natural feel\".The blueprint has already been prepared for this \"semi-permanent stage\" - which will be made of earth mound and decorated with greenery. The seating arrangement for the audience would be made out of place which the audience would occupy will also be like undulating mounds of earth that will also be covered with greenery.\"The idea is people should be able to relax and listen to concerts. If they feel like, they may even lie on the earth mounds and enjoy the functioncultural shows,\" said a senior official. The entire ground would be interspersed with gravel paths as well as greenery.As per the plan, there will be both small plants and trees that will keep the place under shade and accentuate the feeling of a natural surrounding. Princep Ghat, an archway on the bank of the Hooghly river, was erected in the memory of James Princep by the citizens of Kolkata. James Prinsep (20 August 1799 - 22 April 1840) was an English scholar and antiquary. He was a brilliant researcher and had served as the secretary of Asiatic Society, and is remembered for his role in deciphering many mysteries from the Brahmi script.The picture of the monument under the Vidyasagar Setu - especially when brilliantly lit at night - is one of the most enduring images of the city's picturesque landscape.\"We are trying to keep to the natural look and do something that will enhance on the beauty of this place instead of creating a permanent stage that can mar it,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14573221", "title": "Youngster evince interest in unconventional courses", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eminent English poet Alfred Lord Tennyson had once said, \"The older order changeth, yielding place to new.\" Little did the poet of yesteryears realize that his famous lines would be exemplified by a host of unconventional courses, which woo the youngsters, who want to something different in their lives.Traditional career in academics, science, engineering, medicine, management and civil services are still in place. But, the trend of unconventional careers is also picking up among youngsters thanks to the expansion of academic horizon and vocational training. An increasing number of students today are opting for professions they feel would be fun besides providing a comfortable life. And, interestingly a number of opportunities are available in Lucknow - right from courses in nutrition, ethical hacking, performing and visual arts to jewellery designing, photography, shoe designing, tourism, interior decorator and animation among a plethora of other such courses.Ayushi Asthana opted for a career in nutrition, while Sakshi Srivastava's passion for dance drove her into the career in dance and drama as she is of the belief that one can get to learn the culture and tradition of Indian mythology. Similarly Karishma Tandon, a student of interior designing opted for the course, as she feels that westernisation has crept in the Indian market today, which has opened up new opportunities in the designing industry today. Students are thrown open to new opportunities who are interested in serious business today. In the fast evolving domain of new age courses, these career options are coming up in the mainstream and gaining acceptance from all.Ethical hacking is being considered as a career option these days. Ashutosh Verma, a cyber security analyst and a product development manager in an ethical hacking institute feels that there has been considerable rise in the demand for this course. \"Earlier we received limited applicants, but now it has doubled. This job-oriented course is not only lucrative, but also provides you an expertise on the security systems on the web,\" said Verma.Footwear and leather goods designing has also emerged as a promising career option with the opening of Footwear Design And Development Institute in Rae Bareli. It runs graduate, post-graduate and diploma courses on leather fashion, textile and merchandising designing besides on specialised courses on quality control and marketing. \"Apart from Lucknow and Kanpur, students from even backward districts like Pratapgarh, Gonda and Basti are also taking admissions and those graduating are being picked up by top companies including MNCs on high pay packages,\" said Satya, a student.Prof Manoj Dixit, director of Manyavar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management city feels that tourism as a career is gaining momentum and ranks somewhere amongst the top in the category of unconventional careers. This is due to the demand in the tourism sector for trained and professional candidates. \"Earlier the tourism industry was not very particular regarding the professional qualification of the candidates, but lately the trend has changed and the travel agencies, hotels, airlines and related industries are all preferring trained human resource,\" he said. The other aspect of the growing popularity of the tourism field is that students from any stream can join this profession and undertake training. There is no restriction for students from science, mathematics or commerce streams to join courses of travel and tourism, Dixit added.\"The recent trends reflect that students are more interested in undertaking short term (four months to one year) diplomas in air ticketing (CRS), air hostess/flight steward, airport management, hospitality etc. In the last few years, admissions in the diploma courses of travel and tourism has increased by more than 40%, and there is a demand for such trained professionals in the field,\" said Preeti Sharma a senior faculty of tourism in a city college.Amrita Dass, a city-based career counsellor feels that students are now more aware and are encouraged by their parents to choose the career of their choice. \"With numerous opportunities in every field, students go for careers that tap their talents and potential,\" said Dass. There has been 15% increase in the demand for the course in interior designing. This demand is due to the booming fashion industry adopting westernised approach. Sandeep Gola, director of a fashion technology institute, said, \"Earlier it was only the elite, who preferred to go for interior designing to deck up their homes, but now, even middle class are hiring designers. People have become modernised and want to match with latest fashion trends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14579086", "title": "Regular dental checkups will keep your pet smiling", "text": "LUDHIANA: When it comes to dental health, human beings are not the only ones who need to be careful. Veterinary surgeons say pet owners often ignore to take care of their animals' oral hygiene, something which can even turn fatal for your pet.Dental problems mostly occur pets when they are young and tartar starts settling on the teeth. If these deposits are not cleaned on time, it leads to tooth loss, caries and root infection.A veterinarian in Gurdev Nagar, Dr Aditya Sewak, says people need to take care of their pets like they are their children. \"Owners fail to address the problem early on and this leads to complications,\" he adds. He recommends that dogs and other pets should be taken to the doctor every six months for dental care. \"Pets cannot communicate like humans can and this is all the more reason for people to be extra cautious. In case of dental problems, animals often turn aggressive due to the stress. The infection that starts in the teeth could affect others organs of the body,\" he says. Though the technique of scaling in pets and humans is similar, the difference lies in the fact that animals need to be given general anesthesia for a complete dental checkup.A veterinarian from Sarabha Nagar, Dr Jaspreet Singh, says he has noticed that people are still not too concerned about the dental care of their pets. \"If possible, owners must clean their pets' teeth on a daily basis,\" he adds. Besides that, oral tablets to combat tartar can be given.When Model Town Extension Sahil Dua realized that his pet Victor, a two-year-old St Bernard, was suffering from a dental infection, he rushed the animal to the vet. \"Everybody needs to be vigilant and check signs for dental decay in dogs. Ever since Victor's infection, I have been taking him to the vet every month for dental upkeep,\" he shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572823", "title": "Coal linkage denial great injustice: Sushil Kumar Modi", "text": "PATNA: Reacting to rejection of coal linkage by Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal to the two new units proposed to be set up under the Barauni thermal power station's expansion project, Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said it was a grave injustice to Bihar and showed insensitiveness of the UPA government.\"Our demand has been rejected despite recommendation by Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. This is nothing but stepmotherly treatment to Bihar,\" Modi said. He said apart from renovation of the plant, the state government has decided to set up two units of 250MW, and an all-party delegation called on Prime Minister on April 6 with the hope that the state's just demand would be fulfilled. He deplored the rejection of the demand by Jaiswal and said refusal to give coal linkage during the 12th five-year plan meant Bihar will not get linkage till 2017.Referring to coal block allocation to Bihar, as claimed by Jaiswal, the deputy CM pointed out that in the Urma hills coal block, the share of Bihar was only 37% and the remaining 63% for Jharkhand. This coal block in a joint venture could not be useful for Bihar due to political instability in Jharkhand during the last few years. Besides, mining of coal from any coal block usually takes five to seven years.Modi said people of Bihar as well as political parties will no longer tolerate injustice to the state by the Centre. He appealed to the PM to look into this matter personally and use his good offices to do justice to Bihar. \"People of the state are not ready to live in darkness any more. Bihar is progressing and for its agriculture and industrial development, adequate availability of power is a must. But the Centre is only creating new hurdles in our way to prosperity,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571606", "title": "Flaunt valuables, get your child a seat in school", "text": "KOLKATA: On the eve of the D-day, Salt Lake resident Meenakshi Sureka went through the check list for the umpteenth time before retiring to bed. She had carefully selected branded clothes, both for husband Rahul and herself, had them ironed and then put them on a hanger to ensure they didn't get creased. She had even bought a pair of diamond earrings to wear with the dress. The branded pen Rahul had bought just for the occasion was also kept handyright there.No the couple wasn't Meenakshi and Rahul are not gearing up quite preparing for a business party to be attended by corporate honchos. The occasion was much more important. They were preparing gearing up for their four-year-old daughter Vanshika's nursery admission. And their daughter's future may as well get determined on how they present and conduct themselves on the crucial day.The pre-school that Vanshika was attending had already made the couple aware of the situation told Meenakshi and Rahul as much and even conducted a workshop to train parents for the momentous occasion.Such is the admission pressure in a few select schools in central and south Kolkata that parents are willing to spend a fortune on branded clothes and jewellery to look perfect and impress the interviewersat school. \"What you wear should portray your financial stability. Apart from being able to fluently converse You should be comfortable in English, conversation and the parents' appearance should make a positive impression,\" the principal of a leading pre-school said.In 2007, Supreme Court ruled out that there will be no exams or interviews for parents whose and children would be appearing for admission to nursery. for nursery admissions in schools.Following this, schools replaced interviews with interaction sessions and panel discussions. These were meant only to verify documents submitted by parents. But in practice, interviews persisted.\"It is very tough to secure a seat in a reputed school. It is not possible for individuals to know about what a particular school fancies and what attributes they value in families. Since professional pre-schools can offer these priceless suggestions, we enrolled for the workshop. It was very helpful with the trainer teaching us the severalniitty-gritty that play an important role during the interaction,\" said Meenakshi, whose daughter is now a nursery student at a prestigious Alipore school now.The pre-schools start their training workshops for parents months before schools even start issuing admission forms.The principal of a prestigious school admitted that the interaction session was used to eliminate students who did not fit the profile. \"There are thousands of parents vying to get their children admitted to the few seats available that every parent wants to present himself or herself in the best light and impress school authorities during the interaction session. We deliberately ask weird questions at times that parents find tough to answer,\" she said.A pre-school principal of a montessori school in Lake Town said parents needed to pay special attention to the way they dress when appearing for the interaction in different schools.\"They should be sober and wear simple, yet elegant clothes when going for admissions to a convent schools. Mothers should preferably be in sari and fathers in full sleeve cotton shirt. If the interaction is in a private elite school, precious (not gaudy) jewellery like diamonds is preferable. Men should carry branded phone and pens and sport branded tie. These articles reflect a strong financial status,\" said a pre-school principal of a montessori school in Lake Town .At a school situated in Ballygunge, Alipore resident Chetan Shaw was directly asked whether he had a two-wheeler or a four-wheeler and then told to produce his salary certificate at the interaction. Since Chetan had already been to a nursery admission workshop training, he knew how to tackle the questions.\"The best of schools are not bothered about a child's intelligence or talent. They want to see whether the parents if they can give donation to the schools, keep up with the high fee structure and meet other financial requirements. Trust me, one's financial status plays the most important role in deciding the child's fate. God knows what will happen to the child if the parents are not financially well of later in life,\" he remarked Chetan who has managed to admit finally got his three-year-old son to Rishabh admitted at a Salt Lake school.Soma Patra, academic coordinator at EuroKids, a preschool that guides parents prior to interactions, said, parents needed help.\"Many parents panic as the interaction draws near. With the future and fate of their child in question dependant on the brief interaction , the pressure to do it right is enormous. Apart from basic spoken English, some schools look for a child's background.\" she explained.Some schools intentionally ask embarrassing questions to discomfort parents. \"Whatever differences parents may have, it is crucial that the couple put up a good show before the interaction panel,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14574777", "title": "Rejig in IUML to end infighting", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The two-day state council meeting of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), which concluded here on Sunday, has put in place a new team of office-bearers.The party has used the meet as an opportunity to solve the simmering factional feuds in the various district committees by shifting three district presidents to the 13-member team of state committee office-bearers.As expected, Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal will continue as the state president and KPA Majeed as general secretary. The party reverted to a single general secretary post, paving the way for ET Mohammed Basheer, MP, to step down. Basheer had earlier offered to resign opposing the idea of two general secretaries. IUML Kozhikode district president PKK Bava is the new treasurer.The party also formed a five-member high-power committee to decide on crucial political, policy and organizational issues. The members are IUML national president E Ahamed, state president Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal, parliamentary party leader, P K Kunhalikutty, E T Mohammed Basheer, MP, and general secretary KPA Majeed. IUML Malappuram district president Panakkad Sadikkali Shihab Thangal will be a permanent invitee to the committee.The high-power committee, akin to the Congress core committee, would effectively supersede the party secretariat and the working committee. The move is viewed as an attempt to centralize power and to bypass the existing one-man one-post norm. As a member of the committee, Kunhalikutty will supervise organizational affairs and liaise with UDF constituents. Mohammed Basheer will take care of the media relations and the humanitarian initiatives undertaken by the party.Mohammed Basheer said the new office-bearers were elected unanimously by the 400-member state council. He said the organizational report presented at the meeting took note of the recent criticisms targeting the party.IUML Kannur district president V K Abdul Khader Moulavi, whose election had sparked off intense and violent factional feud in the district, has been elected as state vice-president of the party. The induction of C T Ahmedali as vice president is also seen as an attempt to solve the factional feud in Kasaragod. New district presidents for Kannur, Kozhikode and Idukki would be elected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14575917", "title": "Don\u2019t panic due to forex loss", "text": "The Indian rupee recently touched an all-time low of 57.32 against the dollar. While the Eurozone crisis is buoying the dollar, a combination of several domestic factors have weakened the rupee. In this quarter alone it has lost more than 12% against the dollar. India Inc had got some relief when the rupee moved up from 53.07/dollar to 50.88/dollar in the fourth quarter of 2011-12 . However, those gains have been wiped out completely because the depreciation in the April-June quarter (from 50.88/dollar to 57.16/dollar) has been far greater. So don't be surprised if several companies report forex related mark-to-market losses in the first quarter of 2012-13.Differentiate between real and notionalBefore you press the panic button, you need to understand how forex losses impact a company's bottom line. \"Forex related losses have differing impact on different companies,\" says Dipen Shah, head of fundamental research, Kotak Securities. The forex losses reported by companies can be 'real' as well as 'notional' . Instead of clubbing all such losses under one head, you need to differentiate between the two.Most of the companies that report forex related losses (and gains) are exporters who have taken positions in the forex market to hedge their future dollar earnings. For example, IT companies have forex related gains and losses in almost every quarter (depending on the rupee movement in that quarter ). While these exporters have to report mark-to-market losses in their hedging book in this quarter, this should not be treated as real losses. Why? Let us explain with an example. Assume that an exporter has $100 million export earnings in a quarter and has hedged the full value at 51 per dollar. Since the exporter can settle this transaction by giving delivery of goods, he is not making any real loss here. What he loses in hedging will be made up when he gets paid for the goods supplied.However, this also means that the exporter will not get any additional benefit from the rupee depreciation. If he had not sold $100 million in the forward market at 51 per dollar, he would have got 57 per dollar. \"Exporters with hedged position will not be able to take advantage of the weakening rupee and, therefore, it is an opportunity loss,\" says K. Subramanyam, assistant vice-president , institutional clients, Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediates. The situation remains more or less similar even if the exporter hedges the full year's export earnings. While one quarter's earnings can be settled by delivery , he will have to make provisions for the hedged positions of the remaining three quarters. The exporter will have to report it as a mark-to-market loss in his books. However, the impact will only be temporary and he will benefit from the weakened rupee once the hedged positions expire. Also, if the rupee strengthens against the dollar in the coming quarters, those losses will become gains. But such mark-to market gains are also notional.When losses are realBut this is not the case with companies that have foreign exchange liabilities-especially for companies that have not hedged their forex exposure or do not have a natural hedge in the form of export earnings. \"For exporters , it may be more like an opportunity loss, but for companies with un-hedged forex liabilities, it is a real loss,\" says Ambareesh Baliga, COO, Way2Wealth Securities . Some of these companies may try to avoid reporting it in this quarter's profit and loss account by capitalising and, thereby, directly taking it to the balance sheet. However, the loss still remains and they have to ultimately pay when these loans come for repayment.The biggest impact of the rupee depreciation will be felt by companies that have taken foreign exchange loans during the last phase of the 2003-8 bull market. A large chunk of these loans are now due for conversion or redemption. More than $3 billion ( 17,150 crore) worth of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCB) are coming up for redemption over the next three months (see chart). Since the stock prices of these companies are quoting well below the proposed conversion prices, the lenders may not opt to convert, but instead demand their money back.Sectoral views", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572042", "title": "Staff shortage also cripples city corporation\u2019s conservancy work", "text": "CHENNAI: Many parts of the city are stinking. While the Chennai Corporation pulled up conservancy agency Ramky Enviro Engineering for its inefficient garbage clearing, the civic body is dealing with similar problems in its zones.Residents of Harikrishna Puram, which falls under ward 18, is a part of the Manali zone. It is one of the worst hit areas by conservancy problems. The zone, which is allotted 130 workers, is forced to manage with less than 25% of its strength on a daily basis. \"The garbage bin on the corner disappears every few days. The waste that is supposed to be cleared every night now gets cleared only once in two to three days,\" said K Ananthakrishnan, a resident of the street. So, Ramky is not isolated in being hit by expensive labour and high staff absenteeism. The shortage of staff has hit conservancy operations at Thiruvottiyur, Madhavaram and Thiru-vi-ka Nagar zones too.The entire Madhavaram zone manages with only 285 workers, of which 10% take off and another 10% call in sick on any given day. Though Tondiarpet has a high staff strength of 1,200 workers, they too see only 70% report for work on any given day. Civic officials, however, insist that they do not receive too many complaints from north Chennai. The corporation's helpline that receives nearly 145 calls every day, says at least 20 to 30 of them are garbage related and from south Chennai. As the numbers of calls and e-mails pour in from south Chennai, corporation officials say they are forced to question the agency.\"We do admit we had staff shortages, but I don't believe that our three zones (Adyar, Teynampet and Kodambakkam) are the worst in the city,\" said S D Venkatesh, head of Ramki Enviro's operations. \"These places are VIP areas, so they expect clean surroundings. But they should give us a little time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14576060", "title": "Five reasons to invest in debt funds", "text": "More liquid than FDsA debt fund is very liquid-you can withdraw your investments at any time and the money is in your bank account the next day. Unlike a fixed deposit, the fund house does not levy a penalty for exiting too soon. Some funds have an exit load if the investment is redeemed within 3-6 months. However, most debt funds don't levy a charge if the investment is redeemed after one month. Besides, you can make partial withdrawals, without having to break the entire investment. Also, the procedure for breaking a fixed deposit requires more paperwork than a click of a mouse.They are more tax efficientIn the long term, debt funds are far more tax efficient than fixed deposits. After one year of investment , the income from a debt fund is treated as a longterm capital gain and is taxed at either 10% or at 20% after indexation. In indexation, the cost of investment is raised to account for inflation for the period the investment is held. The longer you hold a debt fund, the bigger is the indexation benefit. There is also no TDS in debt funds. In fixed deposits, if your interest income exceeds 10,000 a year, the bank will deduct 10.3% from this income. If you are not liable to pay tax, you will have to submit either Form 15H or 15G to escape TDS. The other problem is that the income from fixed deposits is taxed on an annual basis. You may get the money after the deposit matures 5-6 years later but the income is taxed every year. In debt funds, the tax is deferred indefinitely till the investor redeems his units. What's more, the gains from a debt fund can be set off against shortterm and long-term capital losses you may have made in other investments.You don't lose even a day's growthYou don't lose even a day's growth when you invest in an open-ended debt fund. If you invest in a fixed deposit or a closed-ended fixed maturity plan, you get a lump sum amount at the end of the term. Hectic work schedules and busy lifestyles mean you may take some time to encash the fixed deposit and then reinvest the proceeds. In some cases it could be even a month or two before the money is redeployed. That can be a drag on the overall returns. Besides, there is no telling what the prevailing rate of interest is at the time of maturity. In a debt fund, there is no such problem because the investment never stops growing till you redeem it.Your returns can be higherThe pre-tax returns from debt funds are comparable with those from other debt options such as fixed deposits and bonds. But if there are changes in interest rates, your debt fund could give higher returns . Generally, their returns are aligned with the prevailing fixed deposit returns and the investor gains from the accrual of interest on the bonds in the fund's portfolio. But funds that invest in long-term bonds are more sensitive to changes in interest rates. If interest rates decline, the value of the bonds in their portfolio shoots up, leading to capital gains for the investor. While the average short-term debt fund has given 9.5% returns in the past one year, many long-term bond funds have risen by more than 12% during the same period.They offer greater flexibilityDebt funds are also more flexible than fixed deposits. You can invest small amounts every month by way of an SIP or whenever you have surplus cash. Can you imagine opening a fixed deposit every time you have an extra 2,000-3 ,000 in your bank account ? Similarly, you can start an SWP to withdraw a predetermined sum from your investment every month. This is particularly useful for retirees who want a fixed income every month. You can also change the amount of the SWP whenever you want. Another key advantage is that you can seamlessly shift the money from a debt fund to an equity fund or any other scheme from the same fund house. If you have a substantial amount to invest, put it in lump in a debt fund and then start a systematic transfer plan to the equity scheme you want to buy. Compared to the 4% your money would have earned in the savings bank account, it has the potential to earn 9-10 % in the debt fund. The icing on the cake is that there is no penalty if the STP stops due to insufficient money in your debt fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14591183", "title": "No serial on Zeenat\u2019s life", "text": "Her rise to stardom was meteoric, as was her sudden disappearance. Yesteryear beauty queen Zeenat Aman's fascinating life \u2014 and the ups and downs she faced \u2014 would make for a compelling read.And who better than her to pen down an official memoir of her life in the movies? Says the actor, \"A few months back, I was asked by a daily if I ever thought of writing my autobiography. And at that time I had said 'no'. But then, so many people got after me \u2014 family, friends \u2014 and now I am like, maybe, why not?\"However, the idea of a televised series on her completely put Zeenat off. \"Would you believe it, a channel recently approached me for a serial on my life, and asked me to be the narrator! I refused immediately. What's the point? Would I really be okay talking about what is past, and would I be able to trust any channel or producer to present my life in the truest sense? I think not, so I declined the offer,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574523", "title": "1 held for murder", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police on Saturday arrested a worker at a toddy shop in Kasarwadi for allegedly killing a customer following a quarrel over payment.The deceased, Anil Shantaram Shinde (32), was a resident of Shinde Chawl, Kasarwadi. He worked as a plumber. The suspect has been identified as Santosh Kisan Chavan (19) of Bhosari.According to the Bhosari police, the incident took place around 12.30pm when Shinde visited the toddy shop. Chavan entered into a brawl with Shinde over paying the bill. Chavan pushed Shinde who lost balance and fell on the footpath. Shinde received severe injuries on the head and was taken to Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital in Pimpri where he was declared dead on arrival.Chavan has been arrested under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code after Shinde's brother Vijay lodged a complaint. Inspector Chandrakant Bhosale is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14592310", "title": "Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority lines up plans to develop city infrastructure", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority has lined up plans to execute several projects within the Kolkata Metropolitan Area to improve and develop the civic infrastructure of the city and its surroundings, particularly in the traffic and transportation, water supply and drainage sectors.The major among these projects are a seven kilometer long flyover between Brace Bridge and Batanagar, a flyover at Raja SC Mullick Road in Jadavpur, the Hooghly riverfront beautification project along 21 kilometer river line along the Grand Foreshore Road, a flyover at Kamalgazi extending the EM Bypass the trans municipal water supply project for Barasat, Titagarh, New Barrackpore and Madhymgram storm water drainage projects in the municipalities of Barasat, Madhyamgram, Baruipur, Rajarhat and Rishra and a storm water drainage project at NSC Bose International airport.The KMDA is also presently working on to set up two flyovers, the Parama Island to Park Circus connecting flyover and the Vivekananda Road flyover.The Parama to Park Circus connecting flyover is scheduled to be thrown open for traffic by August 2013. The flyover will help to ease traffic congestion in the much important Park Circus connector that links EM Bypass with Park Circus intersection.The Vivekananda Road flyover will also help to ease traffic on the stretch from Howrah to Girish Park following Vivekananda Road. Apart from these, KMDA is also preparing masterplans to develop the peri urban areas of the city. Presently, the authorities are busy in developing the Baruipur township area where the South 24 Parganas district headquarters will be shifted. The authorities are also working on other city development plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "14579433", "title": "Plastic floats in fountain reservoir at Panjab Agricultural University", "text": "PAU: Right next to Mohinder Singh Randhawa library in Panjab Agricultural University (PAU), the fountain's reservoir has become a breeding ground for diseases, due to the polythene garbage dumped in it. Model Town resident Ashok Verma says he goes for an evening walk to PAU campus often and the last time, he went to rest near the fountain between his walk.\"I was shocked to see polythene and other pollutants in fountain's reservoir. Mosquitoes breed in such conditions and it leads to health hazards. The authorities should ensure proper cleaning of the fountain reservoir,\" he adds.Mandeep Singh, a student from BRS Nagar, says, \"The fountain looks beautiful from outside and attracts people on campus. The reservoir should also be maintained as it is frequented by health conscious people. I am sure the authorities would maintain it better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14573440", "title": "50-yr-old falls into well in Howrah, dies", "text": "Kolkata: A 50-year-old died after falling into a well in Howrah' s Domjur on Sunday night. Last Sunday, a 20-year-old died at Liluah after falling into a 70-feet deep well.Rickshaw-puller Malay Roy had come back to his Majhipara home for a tea break after a hard day's work. After having some snacks, the 50-year-old had gone to the well to fetch water. He slipped and fell into the well. It was around 7.30pm. His family immediately raised an alarm. The police and the fire brigade were called in soon after.A local labourer, Allah Rakha, was also called in to rescue Roy. He was brought out around 8.45 pm and taken to a Domjur hospital, where doctors declared him dead.\"After last Sunday's incident, we launched an awareness campaign so that people keep wells covered. This was an unfortunate incident,\" said MLA Rajib Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577606", "title": "12-member gang held, gold and weapons seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twelve persons, including two jail warders were arrested by Tirupur police on Saturday and seized 157 sovereigns of gold jewelleries, a car and weapons from them.Police said, they were involved in 32 chain-snatching, five house burglaries and three theft cases in different parts of Tirupur district.Coimbatore, Madurai, Salem, Namakkal, Dindigul and Villupuram districts.The accused have been identified as S Sakthivel, 30, of Beemanaikenpatti in Namakkal district, S Siva, 39, of Ramayampatti in Madurai district, A Sundaram, 23, of Thirunagar in Madurai district, M Ganesh, 46, of Samundi Puram in Tirupur district, S Raja, 50, of Ganapathy in Coimbatore city, K Sheikmoideen, 21, Ukkadam in Coimbatore city, S Mustafa, 29, of Kannankurichi in Salem district, L Sekar, 26, of Ilankadu in Vilupuram district, A Mathivanan, 34, of Pallikondapuram village in Vilupuram district, A Umanath, 33, of Ramji Nagar in Trichy district, U Pandiyaraj, 30, of Thiruparankundram in Madurai district and M Karthi, 29, of Thadikombu in Dindigul district.Police said the accused Pandiyaraj and Karthi are working as warders in Madurai Central Prison.Siva was working as warder in Pudukkottai sub-jail and was removed from the service two years ago due to some administrative reason. He had also worked in Madurai Central Prison.The jail warders had close contact with the accused who were lodged in Madurai prison and they helped the accused to obtain bail from the court. The accused were hailing from various districts and met in the prison. and involved in various chain snatching cases.According to police the two warders took leave often and went along with the accused for committing crimes. Then the Tirupur police had formed a special team led by DSP Rajaram.The special team conducted vehicle check on the Tirupur-Palladam Road on Saturday and stopped a car in which they were travelling. The police found a sickle, one sword, two knives and two wooden logs in the car and took the 12 member-gang in custody. During the interrogation, the accused confessed to the crime.\"The 12 member-gang involved in 32 chain snatching cases, five house burglaries and three theft cases in Tirupur, Kangayam, Palladam, Udumalpet and Dharapuram areas. We have seized 157 sovereigns of gold jewels worth Rs 15.70 lakh from them,\" said DSP Rajaram.The accused have been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison and the detail investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "14572506", "title": "Hectic preparations underway for Shravani mela", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Hectic preparations are underway for the month-long Shrawani Mela. River ghats at Sultanganj are being repaired and the electrical infrastructure is being revamped, while drinking water supply, dharamshalas, roads and Kanwaria path are also being given final touches for hassle-free movement of devotees.Bhagalpur DM Prem Kumar Meena along with officials of various departments visited Sultanganj and supervised the on going preparations for the Mela to be inaugurated on July 3, 2012, by deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on the Bihar end. Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda will inaugurate it at Deoghar end. It may be mentioned here that every year Shravani Mela is held in July-August for a month. Over a crore pilgrims from across the country including neighbouring countries like Nepal and Bhutan reach here to pay their obeisance to Lord Shiva.Devouts initially gather at Sultanganj to collect holy water from river Ganges at Sultanganj ghat where the Ganga becomes Uttarvahini (river turns flowing towards north). They trek nearly 105 km on foot carrying holy water from the Ganga chanting 'bol bum' all through the route. They pay obeisance to Lord Shiva by pouring holy water on Shivalinga.In the initial stage of trek that starts from Sultanganj, the district administration of Bhagalpur and Banka make arrangements as the base camp of trek and the route passes through the two districts. While at the Deoghar end, where the temple of Lord Shiva is situated, it is the state government that takes care of the devotees and the mela. Advising the irrigation department officials and others to take care of soil erosion at the river ghats, the district magistrate said steps have been taken to revamp the stairs of the ghats. He also asked the public health engineering department (PHED), health and electricity department officials to make proper arrangement for the services to be provided to the devotees at Sultanganj and en-route Deoghar.Talking to mediapersons, the DM said he will study the problems of devotees this year and from 2013 and onwards preparations for the Mela will start much earlier. He also favoured permanent development of infrastructure for the mela at Sultanganj and the trek route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14598892", "title": "Presidential poll: Sangma seeks cancellation of Pranab Mukherjee's nomination", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition presidential nominee P A Sangma on Monday sought cancellation of nomination of UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee under the Office of Profit rules on the ground that he is chairman of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI).In a complaint to the secretary general, Rajya Sabha, who is the returning officer for the presidential election, Sangma's lawyer Satpal Jain demanded that Mukherjee's papers be cancelled at the scrutiny stage as he holds an office of profit.Jain said that Mukherjee is chairperson of ISI and, hence, cannot contest the presidential poll under the Office of Profit rules.Today is the last day for scrutiny of forms for the presidential election. The last date of withdrawal of candidature is July 4.Asked about the complaint, home minister P Chidambaram and parliamentary affairs minister P K Bansal told reporters here, \"We will get back.\"This is the second high-profile instance involving a leader under the Office of Profit rules. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi had resigned her Lok Sabha seat in 2006 when there were objections that as chairperson, National Advisory Council (NAC), she was holding an Office of Profit. She contested and won the Rae Bareli seat again.Later, the Office of Profit rules were amended and chairperson, NAC was exempted from it. Gandhi again became chairperson of the body in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14575071", "title": "Herpetologist slithers past landmark", "text": "MANGALORE: When the 30th egg of the cobra hatched successfully in his backyard on Saturday, Ravindranath Aithal, popularly known as snake doctor, achieved a coveted landmark of successfully completing the breeding of 5,000 snakes in a period of three decades.The herpetologist, who adopts the natural way to breed eggs instead of using electrical bulbs or any other equipment to incubate eggs, is all set to take all young snakes to Bisale reserve forest on Sunday.Aithal told TOI that he had adopted the natural method of breeding after conducting studies in forest for several years.\"I observed the environment where snakes lay egg and how they incubate naturally. Following this natural method, I arranged earthen pots to give sufficient incubation so that breeding happens naturally,\" he said.While 18 eggs were found at a house in the city, he has got 12 from Mulki. \"Normally it takes 60-70 days for young snakes to come out of eggs. Except for the python, none of the snakes incubate the eggs. Snakes can be left to forest immediately after they hatch,\" he said.Aithal, who has never tried to get his name into any record books, is engaged in rescuing cobras through his Sheshavana Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre of Sheshavan Charitable Trust at Kallare in Puttur for the past six years. An ardent lover of amphibians, Aithal has treated hundreds of snakes and released them safely into the forests giving them secure life.He has saved 206 king cobras in the past 30 years and has been successful in breeding and leaving 84 king cobras, 986 cobras, 1,057 python and 1,110 rat snakes into forests. In addition, he has been successful in breeding cat snakes, jungle cat snakes and nearly a dozen other breeds.\"I don't expect any records or awards. It is my hobby and passion. I will continue to serve nature and snakes,\" Aithal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598689", "title": "TV Actors react to the 12.5 service tax levied upon them!", "text": "Actors across the television industry are unhappy with the Indian government's decision to impose a 12.5% service tax on actors.For those unaware, Bollywood and TV actors will from this month (July 2012) will have to pay a service tax from the money they receive, including their acting fees and endorsement money. This percentage will be apart from the income tax they already pay. Here are some reactions from TV actors who express their angst at this decision.Karan Wahi, \"I should quit acting I think and go tell the government my decision. This is the stupidest thing I have heard. We are like any working professionals! How much do we earn and how much do we save? It's very debatable. As an actor, I may have work today. But what about the times when I don't have work? When we discuss our pay with producers and directors, they are not interested in how much tax we pay. This is really unfair to us\".Ankita Lokhande, \"I've just got to know about this. I've heard production houses will bear the cost. I'm not sure what exactly this is but I have been getting a lot of messages. If this is true, we will get looted! Half our salary will go in tax. I will definitely take a stand. People think actors get paid so much, but what about small actors who are hardly paid any money on a daily basis. How will they afford this?\"Barun Sobti, \"I can't believe it. This is too much money going out of our pockets. We have no proper roads or infrastructure. It's really unfair. The fact is, in the long run, TV actors do not make so much money as people think. In other professions, people are constantly peaking in their careers. For us as actors, we have our prime time\".Rati Pandey, \"I think it's very unfair. We television actors don't even earn so much to pay such heavy taxes. Gone are the days when televisions actors were paid huge amounts. In fact nowadays actors are available on a meager fee of Rs 3 to 4 thousand per day. It's a myth that we earn huge sums and I believe an actor's life is very insecure. We don't even know that what will happen tomorrow, if we will we get work if our current show shuts down. Nowadays actors don't make hit shows; it's the concept that works. We are surviving in the midst o f cut throat competition and we have so many other things to spend on. I think it is just not fair and the government should do something.\"Hiten Tejwani, \"This is too much. Absolutely ridiculous. Sometimes we have work, sometimes we don't! We actors should take a stand and approach CINTA who should take up this issue. We are like any other professionals. Not all actors are working continuously. When we don't have work, we survive on our savings. Ultimately, actors will hike up their fees and the producers will have to bear the cost. When we are not working, the government should support us if we are expected to pay such a high percentage of tax. I will definitely support actors if they decide to take a stand against this\".Is this decision by the government really fair?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14557442", "title": "Singing's my ultimate dream: Veena Malik", "text": "Controversy's favourite child, Pakistani actress Veena Malik reveals that her heart craves to croon and that her dream has been to become a singer and not an actor.\"I think, Bollywood is beautiful, but my ultimate dream is not to become a Bollywood star. My ultimate dream is to become a singer. I always wanted to become a singer, but because of my looks I was always suggested to act,\" Veena told IANS.\"Ever since my childhood, I have imagined myself standing in front of thousands of people and singing. I never dreamt of becoming a Bollywood star. I am happy, and acting is something I enjoy but my ultimate dream is to become a singer,\" she added.Currently Veena is busy promoting her first Hindi movie \" Daal Mein Kuch Kaala Hai \", which will see her in a double role.The actress shot to fame in India with her stint on reality show \"Bigg Boss 4\" and her romantic escapades with Bollywood actor Ashmit Patel spiced it up.Talking about the popularity of reality shows on television, Veena said: \"People love spice in reality shows. There are certain aspects in a reality show that I also like, like ' Swayamvar '. I think media shows what people want to see.\"Veena was roped in for the reality show ' Veena Ka Swayamvar ', but the reality show didn't happen because the Imagine decided to shut down its operations.Would she be part of any dance or comedy show?\"I personally don't like dance shows. I said no to dance shows, I said no to comedy shows because when it comes to comedy, I would like to only do the films,\" she said.Directed by Anand Balraj, \" Daal Mein Kuch Kaala Hai\" releases June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14597660", "title": "Farah Khan unhappy with service tax on actors", "text": "Bollywood producer-director Farah Khan, who will make her acting debut with Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi, has expressed her displeasure over the government's announcement of service tax to be levied on actors.Bollywood and TV actors will be charged 12 per cent service tax from this month on their earnings from acting assignments and endorsements. This will be in addition to their income tax obligations.\"And just as I have turned 'actress', the government has decided to also charge 12.5 per cent service tax to all actors. This is tooo much. Kitna nichodogey yaar? (How much more will you take from us?),\" Farah posted on Twitter.Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is a romantic comedy directed by Bela Bhansali Sehgal and also stars Boman Irani.Actor Arshad Warsi also quipped similar concern saying, \"With this service tax, there will be some more jobless actors... Blame it on the tax. Very soon all actors payment will go directly to the Govt and they will start giving us the little per cent that is left for us as salary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14587247", "title": "Karan Johar set to focus on kids now", "text": "Films for kids are perhaps tougher to make than any other. In recent times, apart from Taare Zameen Par, Stanley Ka Dabba and Chillar Party, few have made a mark in the genre. Maybe that is why, Karan Johar has decided to take up the challenge with his next. We have learnt that Dharma Productions' 'Gippy', to be directed by Sonam Nair, is all about kids.KJo films till date have dealt mostly with adult themes like extra marital affairs in Kabhi Alvidaa Na Kehna, homosexuality in Dostana, terrorism in Kurbaan or its casualties in My Name Is Khan. Even his lighter films have generous doses of sassy romance ( Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ) or comedy ( Duplicate ). With Gippy, the filmmaker will however explore uncharted territory.We found out Delhi-based Riya Vij, 13, has been roped in to play the title role in the film. According to a source, debutant director Sonam auditioned several youngsters across several cities. \"She personally went through profiles. But eventually finalised Riya from Delhi. Unlike many, Riya has no experience in front of the camera. She has never done television commercials either. She fit the role of Gippy to the T,\" said the source.Interestingly, Sonam, who assisted Ayan Mukerji in Wake Up Sid is the first female director to be launched by the production house. The source revealed, \"A major portion of the film has already been shot in a school in Shimla. It is a small-budget venture. They are currently shooting in Mumbai. Ten more days and they will wrap it up.\"Karan, who is reportedly quite kicked about entering a new genre, remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14576337", "title": "Mixed response to CM's decision to arm farmers", "text": "KERI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's decision to provide armed licences to farmers has evoked mixed responses in various parts of Goa.Some farmers have opposed it as it would be misused for poaching wild animals.As there is a rise in cases of wild animals entering agriculture and horticultural fields and destroying crops in Goa, the farmers were insisting on allowing them to use armed weapons for restraining wild animals.Putu Gaonkar, 57, horticulturist from Bandhwada, Neturlim in Sanguem said, \"Over a period of more than one decade, there is an increase in man-wildlife conflict. Wild boars, monkeys, porcupines, sambars are destroying crops on a large scale. Even after informing forest officials, the affected people hardly get compensation from the government.\"Ramesh Zarmekar, a wildlifer from Sattari, said, \"We are aware of losses caused by wildlife to farmers. The government's system of compensation is faulty and has failed miserably to give timely justice to the affected farmers. However, permitting farmers to use armed weapons will rather result in creating more complications and also there will be no check on poaching.\"Mukund Morajkar from Pelavade of Ravan, in Sattari said, \"Every year, we suffered losses of tuber crops. Wild boars relish on tuber crops during the monsoon. Cases of giving compensation are pending since last two years.\"In 2002, when the government decided to consider the request of farmers of allowing them to use armed weapons then the forest department had taken objection to it under Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. However in June 2012, the chief minister has decided to provide armed licences to farmers.When TOI contacted the additional principal chief conservator of forests, Richard D'Souza, he said, \"Under Article 34 of WPA of 1972, sub-section 3 states that no new licences under the Arms Act, 1959 (54 of 1959) shall be granted within a radius of 10 km of a sanctuary without the prior concurrence of the chief wild life warden.\"Environmentalist Ramesh Gauns said, \"Permitting the use of armed weapons will not solve the problem of farmers. But it will help the poachers to use armed weapons in the name of crop protection. Destruction of natural habitat of wild animals has forced them to enter agricultural and horticultural fields for food and fodder. Providing timely and quick compensation is essential.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14567252", "title": "Parking woes at Secretariat to end soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Supreme Court ban on erection of permanent structures on the Hussainsagar shore notwithstanding, officials are busy preparing a blueprint for an automated multi-level parking complex on the Secretariat premises.The structure, which should end the parking woes of mantris, employees and visitors, is to come up near the Secretariat exit. \"We have identified the helipad area, spread over two acres of land, for building the parking complex. After YS Rajesekhara Reddy's death, none of his successors have been using the helipad,\" a top official in the Roads and Buildings (R&B;) department told TOI.As per initial estimates, the structure will cost the exchequer Rs 70 crore. \"The proposal is on the chief secretary's table and we are planning to make a presentation to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy in order to get his nod,\" the official added.As per the design, three floors will come up above ground level with an equal number below. The top three floors would likely be allotted to ministers and bureaucrats with the remaining space reserved for Secretariat staff and visitors. \"We will allot a separate floor exclusively for two-wheelers. For visitors' vehicles, we will collect a nominal parking fee,\" he said.However, the officials have to get around three hurdles before they commence with work on complex. First, there is the Supreme Court ban on permanent structures on the shore area of Hussainsagar; secondly, they need to obtain permission from the airport authorities to construction a permanent structure on the helipad land and, finally, clearance has also to be obtained from the irrigation department for construction near the lake.On an average, 2,000 vehicles zip in and out of the Secretariat daily. Around 5,000 employees work at the Secretariat with nearly 60% of them riding two-wheelers and 20% using four-wheelers, said a general administration department (buildings) official.\"During a recent cabinet meeting, we had a major problem. All ministers embark/disembark in front of the Samatha block. At times, they have to wait for their vehicles, giving the jitters to the chief minister's security,\" the GAD official added.As per the design, three floors will come up above ground level with an equal number below. The top three floors are likely to be allotted to ministers and bureaucrats with the remaining space reserved for Secretariat staff and visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14602873", "title": "Off Metro, take cycle", "text": "BANGALORE: Now Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has decided to promote cycling around its catchment areas. But it is looking for a private automated bicycle hiring service company with whom they can tie up to offer this non-motorised transport (NMT) for its commuters.Through a competitive bidding process again, BMRC has floated tenders for a service operator which will provide the cycles and parking lot at the metro stations. The BMRC will make sure for a space to park six cycles in each of the six stations in the eastern line running between Baiyappanahalli and MG road.Metro commuters can get out of the station and hire a cycle from the cycling parking lot and go around short distances for their work related purposes and come back with the cycle to the station. This will save them time particularly to wait for feeder buses and struggle in traffic.The automated cycling system, like one which was kicked off by the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), during end of 2011 around Mg road and Brigade road, will have simple hiring process. Users can register, hire and bring back the cycle and collect the billing information at the parking lot.There is a revenue sharing between the cycling service provider and BMRC. The service provider will be permitted to charge on hourly or daily or even monthly basis, as per approved rates.However, the tender document prepared by the metro corporation has put the onus on the cycleing company to have decided on parking lots in other areas apart from their stations. If the user takes the cycle from the metro station to any area close by for his work, around the catchment area, the licensee should ensure parking space for the cycles at designated places provided by the BBMP or traffic police department.The cycles will have to be unisex, demands the tender document criteria and the bidder will have choice of charging variable rates as per the model of cycle. If the cycles are highly automated and have extremely good security features, they can be charged more for use.BMRC has also made sure that the cycles are all fixed by GPS monitoring devices and RFID systems to be tarcked from any single control station, that can be operated by the service provider.This step by the metro is also pushed after the BMTC pulled out the feeder bus services from the stations along Reach 1, like in Trinity, Halasuru and Baiyappanahalli. BMTC's feeder services can currently be availed from the MG road station, and few services are operational around Indiranagar and SV road station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14574604", "title": "Bogus fertilizers worth Rs 37 lakh seized", "text": "YAVATMAL: The district quality control officer on Saturday seized bogus fertilizers worth Rs37.50 lakh from a private godown in village Bhosa near here. The godown was sealed and a complaint was lodged at Wadgaon Road police station against the managing director of the Hyderabad-based Navbharat Fertilizer Company.District quality control officer Sanjay Deshmukh said he had been searching for the local source of bogus fertilizers which he had seized in Babhulgaon in June. Investigations took us to the Bhosa godown, he said. Samples of fertilizers were collected in solid and liquid forms and tested in a laboratory. The report revealed the fertilizers were bogus and did not meet the parameters of the department. The company also did not have legal sanction of the Maharashtra government to market the products.The godown, which belonged to Fulchand Agrawal, had no approval to store the agriculture material like seeds, fertilizers and pesticides. The fertilizers found in the godown were manufactured by the Hyderabad-based Navbharat Fertilizer Company and smuggled into Yavatmal. The fertilizers were stocked in the godown and transported to the interiors of the district and sold directly to farmers, Deshmukh said.\"The seized stock has 9 micro nutrients grade 1 and 2 which have not been approved by the agriculture commissioner of Pune. Besides, nobody is allowed to manufacture and market such unauthorized products in Maharashtra,\" Deshmukh said.The special squad of the agriculture department had raised Krishi Kendra in Ralegaon on Saturday and ordered the dealer to stop the sale of goods as he failed to produce the necessary documents, said KB Tarkase, district agriculture superintending officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14591042", "title": "Eicher trucks and buses drive growth", "text": "KOLKATA: Strong sales of buses in the domestic market, coupled with a focused drive into overseas markets, has propelled Eicher to clock a healthy growth in commercial vehicles despite an extremely challenging market scenario.Sales of commercial vehicles slowed down considerably in June with the industry recording negative growth. But Eicher trucks and buses recorded 9% growth with sale of 4064 units in sales in June 2012, 9.2% more than June 2011. This takes Eicher's cumulative sales to 26059 units against 23412 in the corresponding period last year.The growth is primarily driven by buses which have recorded sale of 1114 units in June 2012, a growth of 23.8% over June 2011. Light commercial vehicles recorded 4.8% growth over June 2011. Heavy duty trucks also registered a modest growth. Exports have recorded 177.6% growth.In the domestic bus segment, Eicher buses have recorded a 16.6% growth. The June 2012 sales stand at 1049 units against 900 units in June 2011. The YTD 2012 sales stand at 4826 units as compared to YTD 2011 sales of 3398 units, representing a 42% growth.On the exports front, Eicher trucks and buses have recorded sales of 297 units in June 2012 as against 107 units in June 2011, representing a growth of 177.6% . The exports pipeline continues to be very healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14571927", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority assures State Information Commission to take prompt action", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) which has earned a dubious distinction of having a lot of complaints against it, in the State Information Commission (SIC), for not disposing RTI applications on time, however, has assured the commission that it would act in days to come.Acting on the SIC's order, the LDA secretary has assured the commission that the authority would dispose the first appeals within 30 days, as mandated by the Right to Information (RTI) Act.The official, who is also the first appeals authority of LDA, was directed by the information commissioner (IC) Brijesh Kumar Mishra to appear personally before the commission on Thursday (June 28) and explain why the authority did not dispose the first appeals. The secretary is the first appeals authority of LDA.Acting on the order, the official appeared before the commission and informed that there are about 17 first appeals pending with him. \"He said that he was not told about the appeals. He has also assured he would dispose them on time,\" said the commissioner.The commissioner ordered for the personal appearance of the LDA secretary on June 21, the day there were 27 complaints registered against LDA for hearing. The commission, in fact, has disposed off thousands of other complaints against LDA in the past. \"It clearly indicates that the first appeals authority of LDA is not functional,\" said the commissioner.The commissioner had directed the official to appear before the commission on Tuesday. But, the official did not appear, after which the commissioner sent a fresh order for him to appear on Thursday.As per the rule, the first appeals authority, which is the senior-level official of the department, has to dispose the first appeals within 30 days of getting it. Under special circumstances, the time of disposal can be extended to 45 days. But, in most of the government departments, first appeal authority is almost redundant which is the reason why commission receives lot of complaints.As laid down in the RTI Act, the applicant files the first appeal with the appellate authority of the department when he does not get the information from the public information officer. In case, the appellate authority does not respond, the applicant is required to file the complaint with the commission.The commission receives hordes of complaints against LDA. The commissioner, therefore, directed the official to appear before the commission and inform about the pending first appeals with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14575682", "title": "Gold chain, cellphone stolen in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A gold chain and mobile handset worth Rs 22,000 belonging to Madhukar Deshmukh were reported stolen on Saturday from his house in College Road. According to the complaint lodged with the Gangapur police Deshmukh, the incident took place around 2pm on June 5, when two unidentified persons entered his home on the pretext that they had come for welding work. They asked Deshmukh's mother for water and escaped with a gold chain and cash totalling Rs 22,000 while she was in the kitchen.Gold jewellery, cash stolen: Gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 1.25 lakh belonging to Subhash Gujrati was reported stolen on Saturday from his room at Hotel Sai Palace where he stayed. Gujrati is a Dhule resident and was staying at the hotel, which is along the Mumbai highway. On Saturday, the thieves broke into the room from an open window. They stole gold ornaments and Rs 35,000 in cash from the bag, totally worth Rs 1.25 lakh. A complaint was lodged with the Indiranagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14572770", "title": "Protest against school's alleged encroachment", "text": "GONDIA: Leader of State Government Employees Liladhar Pathode and residents of Civil Line have alleged that the management of Nutan Vidyala has encroached upon the municipal road to the extent of about 10 to 12 feet all along its border. This, the residents claimed, has been causing inconvenience to vehicle users going by that route. They demanded removal of the encroachment, during a press conference on Saturday.Nutan High School, situated at the middle of the town, is run by Rashtriya Shikshan Sanstha under the aegis of Ingale family, which has been enjoying political patronage for the last one generation. At present, its seniormost member is a municipal council member and was in the state committee of the BJP as well.Pathode and JS Bhandarkar, Vishal Yadav, Uma Masher, Gortla and Hanumant Rao alleged that the school encroached upon the road to such an extent that the municipal drainage line has also come into its boundary wall, reducing the width of the road to 10 to 12 feet.On the other side, the sanctioned road of 30 feet has been reduced to 15 which has been causing inconvenience to vehicles users, they claimed. The protesters urged the municipal council to remove the encroachment.When contacted, Ashok Ingale said that if there is really any encroachment, it should be removed immediately, but it should be done after proper inquiry. He said that the width of the road could be reduced from encroachment from its either sides. So he called upon the municipal authorities to measure the length of all plots on that road, saying that the encroached on land should be acquired by the municipal Council.Ingale said that he himself had proposed to the residents to wait till he himself manages to measure the area and remove encroachments if any, but the residents were not ready to listen to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14591033", "title": "UK launches 'A Soldier's General' autobiography of JJ Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Shaheed Nanak Singh Foundation, UK and Paul Uppal Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South , UK launched 'A Soldier's General' an autobiography of JJ Singh, governor of Arunachal Pradesh and former chief of the Indian Army at The Waldorf Hilton, Aldwych, informed Rami Ranger, International Chairman of the Global Punjabi Society ,UK, on Monday.He informed that the launch was attended by members of the British society and over 300 prominent members of the Indian diaspora in UK as well as Jaimini Bhagwati, Indian High Commissioner in UK.Rami informed that while speaking about 'The Soldier's General', Dr Bhagwati said that he was particularly moved by the General's references to his father and grandfather, which he would cherish as it told a story of strong feelings about family.Bhagwati commended the dedication of JJ Singh for India and thanked him for his exemplary services. Ranger informed that JJ Singh gave an account of a time when a journalist asked him how it felt becoming the first Sikh to be chief of the Indian Army and his response was that he was Indian first and foremost. The General also spoke of his challenges in the Army such as being badly wounded, his postings to remote places, high profile missions and his dealings with the operation in Kargil.He also informed that the General closed by quoting his Grandfathers words 'When one's path is righteous and the cause is just, one will always be crowned with success'. He further added that the General said that he wanted to see a cordial relationship developing between India, Pakistan as well as other neighbouring countries for the greater good and socio-economic empowerment of their people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14574834", "title": "Miscreants damage cars in Parra", "text": "MAPUSA: Miscreants damaged four cars in Parra on Saturday night. The four vehicle owners were shocked to find their cars badly damaged on Sunday morning. The police said that the four cars were parked, as usual, along the roadside on Saturday night at Parra. The unknown persons took advantage of the darkness and damaged the four vehicles.The windshield and windows have been damaged beside other damages. Police suspect the miscreants to be under the influence of alcohol and would have used a log to cause the damage. Mapusa police have registered the offence against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14570912", "title": "Botanic vandalism charge against MP", "text": "KOLKATA: The Indian Botanic Garden (IBG) authority lodged a complaint with Shibpur police station against daily morning walkers for alleged vandalism at the 225-year-old main gate of the sprawling garden. However, morning walkers denied the charge and alleged that the authority illegally closed the garden gate.\"The high court has given an interim order and ordered the garden authority to introduce entry cards for morning walker. But that does not mean the garden authority will shut the gate. The vandalism charge is baseless. When walkers managed to enter the garden, police were there,\" said SUCI MP Tarun Mondal, a morning walker. Complaints were filed against Mondal, Morning Walkers Association secretary Tapas Das and five others.However, IBG joint director H S Debnath said, \"We closed the main gate and kept open the pedestrian gate. We did not prevent a walker with a card or a slip from entering the garden. Moreover, we requested other walkers to collect the form for processing their cards. Instead, the walkers took law in their own hand and pushed their way into the garden. By doing so, they caused some irreparable damages to the historic gate.\"On June 28, the Calcutta high court asked the garden authority to introduce non-transferrable entry cards to morning walkers against Rs 150 for general walkers and Rs 100 for senior citizens. The card will be renewed every year at a cost of Rs 100 for normal walkers and Rs 20 for senior citizens. The authority had also decided to keep the garden closed on Monday. The morning walkers protested the move.Colonel Robert Kyd - an amateur botanist and Secretary to the Board in the Military Department of who also owned a private garden in on side of proposed the concept of a Botanic Garden in Calcutta area in order to conserve the area's native plants to Sir John Macpherson - a Scottish administrator in India and the acting Governor General of India from 1785 to 1786. The Court of Directors of the East India Company was presented with this proposal by Sir John Macpherson which got approved on 31 July 1787, and laid the foundations of Calcutta Botanical. Apart from conservation of the native plant kingdom, Colonel Kyd's interest was also in identifying new plants of commercial value for both Bengali locals as well the to trade - such as teak, coffee, tea, cinnamon, sandalwood, indigo, tobacco and Dacca cotton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595699", "title": "Dhanush and Simbu bonding in Dubai", "text": "According to the sources, both the stars have spent time together, not here, but in Dubai.We all know that Dhanush and Simbu are rapidly growing stars in Tamil cinema. However, both of them differ in the style of acting and are full of talents in their own way. Kollywood followers also consider these two actors as rivals to each other. Even the two stars have shown the acts of rivalry at times in the past. The competition between them in the industry is always high and both of them never fail to please their fans by taking a dig at each other subtly.Even recently, when Dhanush became so popular with his \"Why This Kolaveri Di\" song, Simbu came up with the Love Anthem to promote the world peace. However, everyone in the industry knew that Simbu's Love Anthem was simply to please his fans, while Dhanush Kolaveri was rocking the charts. However, Dhanush again came up with the Sachin Anthem for the boost campign, which also featured Anushka. The Sachin Anthem, unlike the Kolaveri Di , did not gain popularity among the people. When media quizzed Dhanush, he indirectly pointed to Simbu that he was the reason for preventing his song to gain popularity. Later, both the actors did not open their mouth on this issue.Now, as the rivalry between the actors still exists among their fans, it seems as if there is a twist in this rivalry tale. The recent buzz circling around the tinsel town is the sudden bonding between Dhanush and Simbu. Yes ! Both the stars, according to the sources, have spent time together, not here, but in Dubai.There is also evidence, a picture posted by Simbu in a micro blogging site, which shows Dhanush and Simbu spending time together in a flight while returning from Dubai. Additional information is that both the actors won awards at the South Indina International Movie Awards. Sources close to both the actors reveal that both of them were more than happy to congratulate each other after receiving the awards!It seems the rivalry between Simbu and Dhanush does not hold anymore, and it is a healthy sign in Kollywood! Source: dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573466", "title": "British period silver coins found in Kareli", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Silver coins weighing around 14 kg and dating back to the British period were recovered from a construction site at Karamat Ki Chowki in Kareli on Saturday night. On being informed the local police arrived at the spot and took the coins in their custody.As per reports, some construction was underway at the house of Saeed Ahmad in Karamat Ki Chowki locality. On Saturday night when the labourers were engaged in digging work their showels got entangled with the metallic pots lying buried. They informed the houseowner after which extensive digging was undertaken and the pots taken out.The metallic pots contained silver coins dating back to the British period and valued at around several lakhs. In the meantime dispute arose between the owner and his family members who also owned a share in the property after which local police was informed.The police team which arrived on receiving information took the coins kept inside the metallic pots in their custody and informed the higher authorities, said station officer Kareli Anoop Kumar Srivastava. He added that further action regarding seeking help from the Archeological Survey of India and others would be taken by senior officials and the consignment has been kept in government custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570342", "title": "Realtor stabbed near Shivranjani Crossroads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mukesh Patel, 58, an engineer who runs a private building construction company, was stabbed by two unknown persons near Shivranjani cross roads on Saturday afternoon. Patel has registered a complaint at the Satellite police station. This is the second incident in Satellite where two bikers drew up close, hurled abuses at a middle-aged man before speeding off. It is only later that the two victims realized they had been stabbed in the back.On Saturday, Patel, a resident of Bodakdev, had been to Bareja with his partner and had parked his car at the Shivranjani cross roads. At 12.30 pm when he was about to get into his car, two bikers approached him hurled abuses at him and sped off.Patel was unable to understand the reason and before he could react the bikers had fled from the scene. Without sparing much thought, Patel got into his car and started driving towards his home. After some time Patel felt blood oozing from his back. When he touched the spot, he realized that his shirt was wet and his hand too was covered with blood. Though the wound was big, there was no pain.In May a similar incident had taken place near ISRO in Satellite. Two bikers had stabbed a 57-year-old man who had stepped out from his carto relieve himself. The two youths stabbed the man and sped off. He was given four stitches. Satellite police officials believe that this is the work of mentally unstable youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14598186", "title": "'Google answers better than Apple iPhone's Siri'", "text": "LONDON: Google search engine has performed far better than Apple iPhone's much-hyped voice recognition app Siri in a rigorous test conducted by an analyst.Siri, the signature feature of the Apple iPhone 4S that was introduced in October, has received a lot of criticism from consumers.A recent test by Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, a U.S.-based banking firm, proved that the app, which lets you use your voice to send messages, make calls, set reminders, and more, is not doing its job as expected.According to The Sydney Morning Herald, Munster had asked Siri a series of 1600 questions to get some hard data on how well it works and asked the same questions of the Google search engine for a comparison.Munster asked Siri 800 of the questions in a quiet room and asked the others out on the streets of Minneapolis in the US.His results showed Siri understood 83 per cent of the questions asked during noisy situations and 89 per cent in quiet situations.The app answered 62 per cent of the questions asked in noisy conditions correctly and 68 per cent in the quiet room.By comparison, questions typed into Google were understood every time, and Google replied accurately 86 per cent of the time.\"In order to become a viable mobile search alternative Siri must match or surpass Google's accuracy of B+ and move from a grade D to a B or higher,\" Business magazine Fortune quoted Munster, as saying.\"We expect Siri to improve meaningfully while reducing its reliance on Google from 60 per cent to 48 per cent,\" he added.According to Munster, at present, Siri gets 60 per cent of her answers from Google, 20 per cent from Yelp, 14 per cent from WolframAlpha, four per cent from Yahoo and two per cent from Wikipedia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "a research team led by ruth holliday, principle investigator from the university's centre for interdisciplinary gender studies, is delving into a growing trend of people travelling from the uk and australia to five popular cosmetic surgery tourism destinations", "code": "14577096", "title": "At the cost of beauty", "text": "A research team led by Ruth Holliday, principle investigator from the university's Centre for Interdisciplinary Gender Studies, is delving into a growing trend of people travelling from the UK and Australia to five popular cosmetic surgery tourism destinations: Thailand, Korea, Singapore , Spain and the Czech Republic.Holliday explains, \"The reason I started looking at cosmetic surgery was because I attended a feminist conference where someone was talking about the UK glamour model Katie Price (Jordan). Someone described her as 'grotesque' because of her augmented breasts and received many smiles of agreement. I started to wonder why a room full of feminists would perceive someone as 'grotesque' when so many young women see her as a beautiful, successful career woman. Of course, many feminists are opposed to the ways in which women, much more than men, are obliged to pay attention to their appearance, but that doesn't explain why feminists would find Jordan ugly. I came to the conclusion that some of these judgements had more to do with social class than feminist politics.\"She further adds that moving from cosmetic surgery to cosmetic surgery tourism was a natural step in order to look more at the 'economic context' of cosmetic surgery in the current climate.According to a UK passenger survey, around 100,000 UK passengers travel abroad each year for medical treatment and it is estimated that around 70% of this is cosmetic surgery tourism, but this depends on people correctly filling in the survey, says Holliday. There is also a tendency to project figures upwards quite massively for the future, but the research finds that it seems to be a fairly static market in terms of volume, but that it does move around a lot depending on cost. Changing currency rates are key to this, as are the availability of cheap flights.In the UK, there is a lot of talk about the dangers of travelling abroad for cosmetic surgery and the costs to the NHS of repairing 'substandard' surgeries purchased abroad. Holliday wanted to explore the truth behind this perception and also why people might put themselves at risk in pursuit of beauty. Certainly, she says, there are surgeries abroad that go wrong, but there are also plenty of poor quality surgeries in the UK. \"Investigations into the recent scandal about 50,000 UK women given PIP breasts implants made from non-medical grade silicone with a high rupture rate, for instance, showed that the vast majority of these were fitted in the UK. In addition, the image of woman as victim of the beauty industry contrasts with the idea of woman as intrepid sometime solitary traveller seeking surgery in an unfamiliar destination,\" she says.The research, funded by the ESRC (Economic and Social Research Council), started in March 2011. Since the team could not look at all countries, it decided to explore tourists travelling from the UK and from Australia, and to explore their most popular destinations. \"We have looked at Thailand and Malaysia for Australian tourists and Spain, Poland and Tunisia for UK tourists. We are also just starting research in South Korea \u2014 looking at who goes there from which counties and why as it is such a popular location for cosmetic surgery,\" she says.As to the long-term impact of this research, Holliday points out, \"The detailed qualitative data we are collecting will offer an insight into the day-to-day workings of the industry, it will enable us to give advice to people travelling for surgery in the future about what factors to consider when choosing a surgeon/ destination and what to do if things go wrong.\"LOG ON TO THE TIMESReaders who would like to participate in the project can log on to www.ssss.leeds.ac.uk For more research news, log on to www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14569857", "title": "Residents dig trenches to drain out rain water", "text": "INDORE: Fed up with Indore municipal corporation's (IMC) lackadaisical attitude towards domestic waste management, the residents of scheme No. 74 C in Vijay Nagar have found out a solution to get rid of the water- logging problem that they have been facing for years together. Also, the residents have pooled Rs 5,000 per head to construct the colony road.To deal with the problem of water-logging in the colony during the monsoons, the residents have dug up 15-foot deep trenches in front of their houses to drain the stagnant rain water into it.Nirmit Desai, 24, a management student staying in the locality, told TOI, \"We have dug up 15-foot deep pits in front of our houses to drain the accumulated rain water. This has been done because the IMC has been turning a blind eye to this grave issue in the past.\"He blamed the local corporator Kavita Dabhade for ignoring the civic issues in the colony and said she is not accessible to the residents and do not respond to the calls made over the phone.Now, that a fix to water-logging has been found the hapless residents said that all they want is that the dustbin be removed from the open dumping ground close to the houses.A K Narayan, another resident of scheme 74 C told TOI, \"The IMC should close the open garbage dumping ground close to their houses and shift it to a distant area.\"For Sandhya Siyal, a resident living over there for the past 15 years, life has become difficult in this atmosphere. \"Many times, we have written to the local corporator and contractor to clear the garbage heap and ground but there was no reply. It is difficult to even stand in front of our house, and the stray animals make it impossible for passer bys. The waste water from nearby hospital and Narmada Bhavan gets logged on the ground making it a breeding ground for mosquitoes. I don't know how this hospital is surviving amid piles of garbage.\"Interestingly, Naramda Bhavan, which is adjacent to the dumping ground, too seems to have been passing the buck on the hospital and the residents.IMC zonal officer Suresh Chouhan said that the condition of the ground is much better than the other grounds in the city, and the corporation has done best to clear it. \"We are doing our best to clean the ground, but the inhabitants should also have civic sense and not drop the garbage,\" he said adding that the contractors will soon lay the drainage pipeline in the locality.\"Whenever we complain, the IMC officials clean up the ground,\" said Narmada Bhavan assistant engineer Bobde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14592285", "title": "Actor Sohail Khan's car crushes woman to death in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old woman was mowed down by Sohail Khan's car at Bandstand on early Monday morning. The actor's driver Dhananjay Tipde confessed to being at the wheel at the time of the accident.He has been arrested for rash and negligent driving. DCP Pratap Dhigavkar told media persons that both Arbaaz Khan and Sohail Khan's statement will be recorded.An eyewitness said that the old lady was crossing the road when the actor's car came speeding and hit her. She was taken to Bhabha hospital where she was declared dead. Dighavkar said, \"Not much is known about the woman as she lived on the roadside.\"Mumbai Police denied reports about the actor being at the wheel. The actor is said to have been shooting for a reality show Comedy Circus when the accident took place. It is now learnt that the Lexus car is registered under the actor's brother Arbaaz Khan's name but Sohail has been using the car.The driver will be produced in Bandra court on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572874", "title": "Colleges, universities reopen today after summer vacation", "text": "PATNA: The colleges and universities of the state are set to be humming with activities on Monday when they reopen after a monthlong summer vacation.Even though the colleges are having an admission season these days with different colleges announcing the first cutoff lists for admission to their three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams, classes of some old batches are likely to commence on Monday. Some institutions are also preparing to hold examinations of different courses this month.Students as well as their guardians last week were seen visiting different institutions and making anxious inquiries about the details of admission process and the required amount of fees. Admission in most colleges is scheduled to commence in the first week of July itself.In Patna University (PU) colleges, admission of students into the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams will be made on the basis of written entrance tests. All PU colleges have already announced the dates of entrance tests and have made necessary preparations. Magadh Mahila College would be the first institution to conduct the entrance test on Monday, followed by Patna Women's College on Tuesday. All other colleges would complete entrance tests by July 7.The minimum qualifying marks in the entrance test is 50% for general category candidates and 45% for SC, ST and EBC category students. The results of entrance tests are to be published latest by July 16 and all the admissions are to be completed by July 31. Classes of new batches will start on August 1.Even as the results of Bachelor Part-I and II Honours examinations have not been published till date, the examinees are supposed to have been promoted to Part-II and Part-III Honours classes respectively. The classes of these students commence on Monday.For admission to the postgraduate courses in PU, the last date for submission of application forms has been extended till July 6. Their admission would be completed by August 16 so that the classes of new batches of postgraduate students would begin on August 17. PU is contemplating to introduce semester system at the postgraduate level from the current academic session and a proposal from the university for amendment in the admission ordinance and regulations is awaiting the chancellor's nod.Meanwhile, different colleges and postgraduate departments of PU are busy conducting entrance tests and personal interviews for selection of students for admission to various vocational and self-financing courses, both at undergraduate and postgraduate levels. Classes of vocational and self-financing courses are also scheduled to commence on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593137", "title": "After Karnan it will be Paasamalar", "text": "Following the grand success on the re release of Chevalier Sivaji Ganesan's cult movie 'Karnan', it will be Paasamalar following the suit.Mr. KV Bhoominathan the president of Sivaji Ganesan fans association has bought the rights of Paasamalar , which has Sivaji Ganesan, Savithri and Gemini Ganesan in the lead. The movie under A.Bhimsingh's direction got released way back in 1961 and was a huge hit depicting the brother - sister sentiment. Now, as like Karnan, Paasamalar too will be re released in digital format with enhanced audio and visual effects. It is also said that the revised formats are being considered for Nadigar Thilagam's Pudhiya Paravai, Vasantha Maligai, Deiva Magan as per the fans request. Well, apart from Sivaji fans it will be a better understanding for the present generation to get a glimpse of the veteran actor's astounding performances. After all... art is immortal.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14570049", "title": "Construction waste being dumped in open", "text": "GURGAON: Disposal of construction waste from the site of multi-storied buildings is proving to be a grave problem, as according to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), they are yet to decide on a plan to tackle the issue.The construction waste consists of household items, like a cracked sink; as well as items used in construction, like cement bags and concrete slabs, etc. These are dumped in the open in vacant plots or parks, like the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's (MCG) bio-diversity park or the Beri wala bagh.The pollution control board said that dumping of construction waste is 'non-polluting' and does not concern them, while the forest department officials said only when waste is dumped on areas that are under their purview, that they can issue challans.One can easily get a glimpse of the menace while driving along the Faridabad-Gurgaon road, the Golf Course extension road or along the Basai road.Earlier, MCG had planned on dumping the construction waste in a pit along the Gurgaon-Faridabad road which was later to be carried away by companies for recycling and then be made into tiles. However, the project was not executed.Harish Kapoor, a volunteer working with MCG said, \"Under the direction of the previous MCG commissioner, the plan was to dump construction debris near Kachra Chowk which is a depression of 10 foot, since most of the construction waste is non-polluting. However, despite the project cost estimated was negligible, the plan never got implemented.\"The wreckage generated from demolition drives is left at its place by authorities concerned. Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena said that the debris is left at a particular spot deliberately to \"warn\" those who plan to purchase a disputed property/land. \"But, where the property belongs to some government department, the responsibility is theirs to fence the land and clear debris if required and dump that in some low-lying area belonging to them,\" said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14572029", "title": "Lashkar-e-Taiba has dedicated internet team: Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has told his interrogators that Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives are trained in 'internet activities' and the outfit has a dedicated band of \"trained and educated\" boys who look after the entire gamut of online activities like sending emails, maintaining websites and using different servers in a way to show the IP addresses in the US and other western countries.Indian agencies were aware of these facts through intelligence sources and interrogation of small-time operatives but this has been corroborated now.Jundal also told investigators that all Lashkar recruits had to undergo a 10-12 hour exercise daily which included religious training, IED making, handling small and heavy weapons and use of communication devices.LeT, intelligence sources said, had professionals who took classes in the use of software and internet, besides people from ISI and Pakistan army who taught use of weapons like AK series rifles, hand grenades, rockets, pistols, mortars, anti-tank mines, anti-personnel mines, anti-aircraft guns, remote control devices, explosive devices and sophisticated communication systems.\"The new recruits, several of them well educated, join these training programmes for several days. Their day starts early in the morning with religious prayers, listening to lectures, exercising, studying about weapons and how to make IEDs and later they are asked to use them. If the trainers find that a particular recruit is not concentrating, he is removed from the training programme,\" a source said.Jundal has also given information about Lashkar training camps running all over Pakistan. Sources said Jundal had given names of some trainers as well.Jundal was questioned by new Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar at the Special Cell office on Sunday afternoon. Delhi Police and IB have extracted information from Jundal about operatives in India, which officials refused to share saying 'operations were going on'.If sources are to be believed, Jundal has also given some helpful inputs to agencies about the IISC attack in 2005 and Rampur attack in January 2008. The cops are also planning to confront him with Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin, who are in jail for the Rampur attack.Jundal has already provided information about several ISI officers and their numbers to the agencies, apart from change of operational command base of Lashkar from Muzzafarabad to Dulai in Pakistan. In the 26/11 case, Jundal has reportedly given some new inputs about the control room, planning and execution, through which Indian agencies would be able to file a new charge sheet on Pakistan's role in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14567732", "title": "Water woes spill on to JC Road", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a nightmare for commuters on JC Road on Sunday morning as residents of Silver Jubilee Park hit the road in protest against acute water scarcity in the area.People staying at Silver Jubilee Park, Ramanna Garden and surrounding areas haven't been getting water regularly and their complaints to BWSSB officials have been in vain, police said.Tempers soared on Sunday. At 7am, over 150 residents gathered on JC Road, bringing traffic on the arterial stretch to a halt.\"Initially, we were told it was a small gathering but when we got there, we saw over 150 demonstrators. We tried to get them off the road but they refused to not budge. After much persuasion, we managed to get them off the stretch,\" SJ Park police inspector Purushothama R said.The demonstration lasted for over two hours. Traffic on JC Road and adjacent stretches was affected for an hour after the blockade ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578506", "title": "Primary school kids get relief, summer break extended till July 9", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh administration has decided to extend the summer vacations of pre-primary and primary classes till July 9 because of the scorching heat. However, middle, high and secondary schools will reopen from July 2, as scheduled. And due to the soaring mercury, school timings in Chandigarh have also been changed. From Monday onwards, schools will open at 7.30am and close at 1pm. The institutes have also been directed not to hold morning assembly till July 7.Independent School's Association's president H S Mamik said, \"All member private schools in Chandigarh are required to follow the guidelines given by the UT education department.\"Meanwhile, Mohali administration has already extended summer vacations up to July 9 for all schools in the district. Mohali DEO Surjit Singh said, \"The maximum temperature in the region has been hovering around 45 degrees C for the past one week. Thus the education department decided to extend school summer holidays by another week to prevent kids from falling sick.\"Some convent schools too have extended the summer vacations. Strawberry Fields Kindergarten and Strawberry Fields World School has extended its vacation for play class to Class VII to July 9. However, classes VI to XI will reopen as per schedule. Similarly, primary classes at St John's School, Carmel Convent and St Anne's School will reopen on July 9, but other classes will resume as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572546", "title": "Rajdhani passengers complain about food", "text": "PATNA: Passengers travelling by New Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express (12310) expressed their anguish at poor quality of food served to them on the train on Friday. They lodged complaints with the pantry car manager, Navin Kumar, in this regard.Complaining about the vegetarian meal, a passenger, Abhisekh Kumar, who was travelling with his wife, said, \"Rice was not fully boiled and there was a foul smell from paneer. Besides, chapati was not of good taste.\" He was not satisfied with non-vegetarian meal also. Vishal Kumar, another passenger, said, \"The taste of the meal was so bad, particularly that of the mixed vegetable, that my father left it after taking one morsel. The pantry car manger did not provide complaint book also.\"Similarly, Shalini Sinha, who was travelling along with her daughter, said the quality of meals has deteriorated in the Patna-New Delhi Rajdhani Express drastically. \"I have never tasted such a bad meal. Railways must ensure the quality of meals before serving them to passengers,\" she said, adding pulse served to the passengers was tasteless as it had no salt.According to a Railway Board official, railways has taken over catering services from the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), following change in the railway catering system. However, IRCTC has been continuing its services in the Rajdhani Express in most of the zones. Thus, it is the responsibility of the IRCTC to ensure better quality of meals, he said.Aggrieved passengers, nonetheless say railways must conduct surprise check on the running Rajdhani Express trains to get feedback from passengers about meals served to them. Earlier, railways used to take the opinions of passengers on the Rajdhani Express; a practice that has ceased to exist. IRCTC regional manager in Patna could not be contacted for his comments despite repeated efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566720", "title": "Hyderabad radiologists up in arms against curbs imposed on diagnostic practice", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 140 radiologists operating in the twin cities are up in arms against the latest amendment in the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act that stipulates a radiologist/sonologist to practice with a maximum two clinics/centres in a particular district.The amendment published in the AP Gazette on June 25 has put the radiology community in a tight spot given that almost everyone is freelancing for several smaller hospitals and nursing homes who cannot afford to have a radiologist on rolls.Describing the rule as draconian, doctors said that in Hyderabad alone there are over 1,000 ultrasound machines and if each of them is to practice only in two centres then an artificial scarcity and a massive jump in the rates will be in the offing. As of now, a radiologist on an average practices in 4-5 facilities every week. Besides a considerable number of doctors from this specialty visit several neighbouring districts and tehsil level towns weekly once.They said that if this new rule is implemented, pregnant women will be at the receiving end and poor rural pregnant women with no paying capacity will be the worst hit. \"Doctors will overcharge in Hyderabad and an artificial scarcity will be created in small towns. Female foeticide is happening on a large scale in Punjab, Haryana and UP. But the situation is not so grim in Andhra Pradesh. Troubling radiologists here is not fair,\" said Dr Gaurav Shukla, a radiologist with Iris Scan. He said that currently only 30% of the workload on an ultrasound machine is pregnancy related.Senior radiologist Dr Bimal Singh, who is also associated with Apollo Hospitals , said that the stipulation is discriminatory and damaging to the interests of the patients. \"Already there are very few radiologists. How can you stop them from working? This impractical rule will not solve things but on the contrary make healthcare more expensive for the common man,\" he says. According to Singh, Kukatpally alone has more than 40 scan machines within a radius of 3 kilometres but has only 3 radiologists. \"Why are the couples who are asking for sex determination not punished? Is the government doing anything about mega weddings and the dowry system. There are other ways of tackling this issue. We are going to fight it out in the court,\" Singh asserted.Experts note that instead of restricting radiologists, there is a need for a closer scrutiny of centres where facilities for ultrasound and abortion are available under one roof. Most importantly, doctors said that if a particular doctor is practicing only in one or two clinics, patients will have to sit the whole day for a scan. Dr Singh said that the health ministry did not consult Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA) but took a unilateral decision.Long term impact would be that doctors will avoid interior and rural areas. Doctors will sit in one place and expect the patients to come to them, observers said. Dr Y Rama Padma, expert on PCPNDT Act, said that though it is difficult to implement, there is a need to wait and watch the repercussions. Dr V S Prasad, state president, Indian Medical Association said the ruling is infringing on the fundamental rights of the doctors and is objectionable.Meanwhile, doctors have also opposed the other two amendments in the act. The application fee for the fertility centres that has be to paid every five years has been enhanced from Rs 3,000 to Rs 25,000 for clinics and from Rs 4,000 to Rs 35,000 for hospitals. The third amendment states that any change of place, equipment or persons in a facility should to notified to the authorities concerned 30 days in advance as against 30 days after the change that was in force earlier.On an average each radiologist works in 4-5 clinics/centres every week. Besides a considerable number of doctors from this specialty visit several neighbouring districts and tehsil-level towns weekly once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14571326", "title": "107 years in service of India &amp; still counting", "text": "JAISALMER: The family of Rajasthan's Ranbanka Rathore (Rajput fighter clan) prides itself on the fact that its four generations have been serving the nation in uniformed services for the last 107 years. The family has become exemplary and its fifth generation is as passionate about carrying the legacy forward.The Rathore family hails from Bikaner. Pushpendra Singh Rathore, who is the fourth generation of the family, is presently deployed as DIG at the BSF Rajasthan frontier headquarters in Jodhpur. In 1987, he joined BSF as an assistant commandant and has been serving the nation since last 24 years. Before BSF, he was posted in the Sircreek area in Gujarat and to protect the national border, he formed a crocodile team and played an important role in protecting the sea borders.Shardul Singh Rathore was the first member of the Rathore family to join the defence services in 1905. He was born in 1881. He took commission in Ganga Risala in Bikaner and in 1937 he retired from the post of colonel. Singh, on behalf of British Army, participated in the first World War and for his excellent performance, Britain conferred Knightwood on him and also gave him the title of 'Sir'. Bikaner's king, too, had bestowed on him the title of 'Rao Bahadur' and later he was the Public Works Department (PWD) minister in Bikaner for many years.Shardul Singh was succeeded by his elder son Jaswant Singh, who joined service in Imperial Police in 1937. He served as SP in TRG centre, Punjab, and at state police in Jaisalmer and in 1976, after 39 years he retired from the post of IG, intelligence, from Rajasthan Police.From the third generation Shyam Pratap Singh Rathore joined Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC) as a sub-inspector in 1965 and later fought the war against Pakistan in 1965 and 1971 with BSF.Pushpendra Singh Rathore belongs to the fourth generation of the family and is deployed at the national border and his son, Chandra Veer Singh, who has applied to the National Defence Academy, is all set to follow in his ancestors' footsteps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578627", "title": "'Change in timings won't really help'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While primary and pre-primary students of the city schools will heave a sigh of relief with the UT education department extending their summer break till July 9, students of classes VI to XII will have to brave the searing heat, as they will have to join school from July 2. The only good news for them is change in timings. These students, however, are disappointed as \"the change in timings will hardly bring any respite.\"Gaurav Puri, a student of Class X, said, \"Changing the time won't help much a?? the temperature at 1pm is almost the same as it's at 2pm. It's a pointless decision. And moreover if Mohali can keep the schools closed, then why can't our schools remain closed too?\"Chavi Gupta, a student of Class IX, said, \"The heat is making it very uncomfortable for us to move out. How will we be able to stay out for so long? The situation would have been ok if the monsoon was here.\" Rishab Kohli, a student of Class VIII, said, \"This is not fair. Age has nothing to do with heat. We feel as hot as younger students do. Even our holidays should have been extended.\"Simran Trivedi, a student of Class IX, said, \"What is the point in taking classes when we won't be able to get anything into our heads! We'll just be pre occupied with heat and humidity.\"The only good news for them has been the change in timings, however, according to students it's not going to help much as they will still have to brave the scorching summer heat.Parents too are worried about their wards' health. Tarranum Shahji, mother of a Class VI student, said, \"Children who get promoted to Class VI don't just become adults overnight! They too feel the heat. My daughter has already fallen sick twice during summer break due to heat and I wonder what will happen when she starts going to school.\"Divankar Sharma, father of a Class VII student, said, \"I wonder why only primary and pre-primary students have been offered this privilege as the heat is equally bad for all. And what about the students who are extra sensitive to heat and can't stand it?How will they manage? The entire school should have been closed for at least another week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595127", "title": "Cruise's marriages ended when wives reached 33", "text": "Tom Cruise seems to be unlucky with the number 33, as all his previous wives were in their early thirties when their marriage with the actor ended.Mimi Rogers , Nicole Kidman and Katie Holmes all aged 33 at their time of divorce.Cruise had married Rogers when she was 31 in May of 1987 and was 33-years-old when they broke up in 1990.He then married Kidman, the actors stayed together for ten years and then split in 2001, when she was 33.The 'Top Gun' star then married Holmes in 2006 when the 'Dawson's Creeks' actress aged 28.And now, when the actress has filed for divorce this week, seeking sole custody of daughter Suri; she too has reached the age of 33, the Daily Mail reported.oreover, in each case, divorce proceedings began when the wives were 33 and concluded when they turned 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14573600", "title": "HRD\u2019s education channel plan hits roadblock", "text": "NEW DELHI: An ambitious plan of the HRD ministry to launch 1,000 educational television channels has hit a roadblock after it failed to get the required permission from the information and broadcasting ministry.The HRD ministry had first initiated steps to launch 50 round-the-clock channels and had approached the I&B; Ministry for permission for uplinking and downlinking the channels. Senior officials said that the I&B; ministry, however, held back its permission to launch the channels as they failed to meet one crucial requirement.According to the I&B; ministry's uplinking and downlinking guidelines for television channels, an applicant seeking permission for a TV channel should be a company registered in India under the Companies Act, 1956.The HRD ministry is not a company and consequently does not meet this criterion, officials said.I&B; secretary Uday Kumar Varma confirmed the development. \"We have written to the HRD ministry about the requirements that are laid down under the uplinking and downklinking guidelines,\" Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571355", "title": "Tempo drivers continue strike", "text": "KANPUR: Tempo drivers continued their strike for the second day on Sunday. The commuters had to face a tough. They are protesting against the 'no tempo zone' between Gol Chauraha and Narhona crossing on Mall Road.The people had to wait for bus or hire an auto. The tempos were not running on different routes. The tempo drivers misbehaved with auto drivers at several places and forced travelers to get down. The tempo drivers have been agitating since the past fortnight, demanding scrapping of no-tempo zone.People remained stranded at prominent crossings like Ghantaghar, Jarib Chowki, Kidwai Nagar, Rawatpur, Gumti, Naubasta and Kalyanpur. The buses and autos were running full.The SSC examinees, who had come to city to appear in the examination, faced hardships. They could not reach the centres on time.The tempo drivers have decided to continue the strike till their demands are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14577196", "title": "Government's tourism plans are anti-local, says Calangute MLA", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute MLA Michael Lobo has strongly opposed the move by the Manohar Parrikar government to bring water sports operations in the state under the control of the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC).Speaking to TOI on Sunday, a visibly agitated Lobo also opposed the proposal to introduce hop-on, hop-off tourist buses and sounded skeptical about the proposed helicopter joy-rides being planned by the tourism department.\"Why does GTDC want to control water sports?\" he asked. \"They have floated a tender asking water sports operators to empanel themselves with GTDC by July 2. Before doing this, they should have convened a meeting of all water sports operators and explained to them what are the plans and also ask them about their difficulties. When GTDC floated the tender, over 200 water sports operators from my constituency came to meet me asking what is going on. I took them to meet tourism minister Dilip Parulekar. The minister said he was unaware of this empanelment.The water sports operators fear that this is simply a backdoor move by GTDC to bring in outsiders into the water sports business, which I am totally against,\" Lobo said.He added, \"I don't want to contradict my own government, but I want to make it clear that nobody wants to become a part of GTDC. Water sports operators are already providing the service. GTDC is not required to do that. Let GTDC set up kiosks on the beach to regulate the water sports activities and get all the operators to form a union as is being done in Dona Paula.\"According to him, the hop-on, hop-off buses are also not acceptable. \"I'm against this. It will affect the bike-rental and taxi business. As MLA of Calangute, I will never allow this. The need of the hour is creating and maintaining basic infrastructure which has collapsed. Garbage from the beaches is not being cleared. How do we tackle this? How do we handle all the touts who are harassing the visitors on the beach? I've been after the government to build changing rooms and toilets. We are awaiting CRZ clearances.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kullu", "code": "14577498", "title": "Rahul to meet Himachal Congress leaders today, to sort out issues", "text": "KULLU: Amid rising factionalism in Himachal Congress and resignation of Virbhadra Singh from Union cabinet, All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Rahul Gandhi is reaching Kullu to work towards ending the internal strife and strengthen the party ahead of assembly elections in the state.Rahul would reach Kullu at 12 noon on Monday and hold personal meetings with Congress MPs, MLAs, Youth Congress/AICC members, ex-members, campaign committee members, other Congress leaders and members and discuss the various problems being faced by party in the state. Virbhadra Singh, Anand Shama, Kaul Singh Thakur, Raj Babbar and other Congress veterans would be present in the meetings which are being organized at various venues in Kullu. Rahul would however stay away from mediapersons and would not address any public gathering, sources said.Kullu Congress president Budhi Singh said that Rahul is visiting Himachal with a view to strengthen the party and prepare a blueprint of strategy for upcoming assembly elections in the state. \"Rahul is not coming to address any public gathering or election campaign. He would meet Congress leaders, workers and panchayat level leaders separately in different meetings on Monday and Tuesday,\" he said.Rahul Gandhi's Kullu visit was earlier scheduled for June 27 but was cancelled as he was busy attending another important meeting. Sources said Rahul has confirmed his Kullu visit on July 2, following the resignation of Virbhadra Singh from Union cabinet. Rahul would listen to the grievances and issues of party workers in Himachal and discuss possible remedies. He would also address a Youth Congress camp at Dhalpur ground, they said.Party in-charge for Himachal, Chaudhary Birender Singh, is taking care of preparations for the meeting, which is being considered to be very important for the future of Congress in Himachal. Most leaders are already camping in Kullu and preparing for a warm welcome to Gandhi in Himachali style at Bajaura near Kullu.Tight security in KulluIn addition to SPG, about 400 extra police personnel have been deployed to ensure tight security for Rahul Gandhi during his Kullu visit. Special bomb disposal squads, sniffer dogs and anti-sabotage teams have virtually sealed the Kullu town. Vehicles passing through the district are being checked thoroughly and documents of migrant people are examined to ascertain their registration with concerned police station. A special control room has been set up here to take quick action, if and when needed.Kullu police chief Ashok Kumar said that police security has been tightened at every nook and corner of Kullu and they are ready to tackle any untoward incident. \"We don't want to take any kind of risk. Besides extra security, three additional superintendents of police have arrived here to monitor security matters. We are ready to deal with any situation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14587195", "title": "Rain water pit claims four lives in Kundapur, Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A large open rain water percolation pit dug up by the Hattiyangady gram panchayat of Kundapur taluk in Udupi district has resulted in the death of four children on Sunday.The children who went to play near the pit were found missing by the parents in the evening and their bodies were found on Sunday night.The deceased are Nayana (20), Naveen (13), Pavan (11) and Pavithra (16). While Pavithra is the daughter of Manjunath of Namma Bhoomi organization, the rest are his elder sister's children.Being a Sunday, the children had ventured near the pit which was filled with water due to continuous rains lashing the coast since the past three days. Incidentally Kundapur recorded 95 mm of rainfall till Sunday morning, the highest in the state. Though villagers had seen the children playing near the pit, none thought they would go near the pit which was full of water.When the children did not return late in the evening, a search was carried out by the villagers who found their footwear near the pit. The villagers found the body of Nayana first and later the fire department personnel recovered the rest of the three bodies from the pit.Villagers suspect that one of the children may have accidentally fallen into the pit and the rest may have tried to rescue them and in the attempt, all may have drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14574776", "title": "Ace paddler Mallika Bhandarkar on verge of creating history", "text": "NAGPUR: Ace city paddler Mallika Bhandarkar is on the verge of creating history when she will take part in the 18th Asian Junior Table Tennis Championship at Jiangyin, China from July 11 to 16.Having been selected as a member of the Indian contingent, Mallika will probably be the first paddler to do so for the country for the fifth successive time. The four-member Indian team for the prestigious tournament on the ITTF Junior Circuit - a prelude to the World Juniors - left for China late Sunday night.Before the Asian tourney begins, the four-member Indian team, both in the boys and girls' section, will undergo a preparatory camp at the training centre in Zhengding, China, from July 2-10.As compared to the U-18 boys' squad, the Indian girls team that finished fifth in 2011 - which eventually gave Mallika a berth in the world juniors - is relatively more experienced with two of its paddlers Mallika and Delhi's Manika Batra featuring in the top 100 rankings in the world. Tamil Nadu-based Reeth Rishya and Narsimha Priya are the other members of the team.Members of the boys' team include Abhishek Yadav, Sudhanshu Grover, Vivek Bhargav and Shubankar Renwarikar while Delhi's Sandeeep Gupta has been named as coach.Aiming for a podium finish, the Indian girls have been seeded fifth. \"As compared to the previous Asian tourney, we are a bit stronger side this time. We are not aware about our rivals so that would be the challenge. We aim to bring home a medal this time,\" Mallika told TOI from New Delhi minutes before boarding the flight to China.She added, \"With India (Hyderabad) being the host for the World Juniors, we are aware that we would get a direct entry into the championship, still we all wish to do well in the Asian meet and want to better our previous record of fifth place finish.\"Earlier, Mallika represented the country in the Asian juniors in both the U-15 and U-18 categories in the championships held at Korea, Jaipur, Bangkok and New Delhi.With mere 10 days remaining for the Asian juniors, Mallika's proud parents Shreerang and Anjali Bhandarkar would be eagerly waiting for their 17-year-old to register her name in the record books with fifth consecutive appearance for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14565960", "title": "Bank staff booked for forgery", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bairagarh police have booked an employee of the Jharneshwar Nagrik Sahakari Bank for forging bank's cheques and withdrawing a sum of around Rs 1.95 lakh. Police said accused Amar, a peon in the bank's Bairagarh branch, forged cheques and went to Indore to make withdrawals between June 11 and June 19. The accused is reportedly at large.Loot Two armed persons robbed Rs 7,000 cash and a wrist watch from a man at knifepoint in Shahpura area late on Saturday. The police said, the complainant, Neelendra Singh, who works with the PHE department, was returning home when two bike-borne riders intercepted him and robbed the cash and wrist watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577295", "title": "World class university will come up in Kovai: Minister", "text": "COIMBATORE: Setting up of the much-hyped World Class University, promised by Union human resource development ministry way back in 2008, would begin once Parliament passes a bill in this regard, informed minister of state for HRD (higher education) D Purandeswari.Replying to a question raised by Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan in the Lok Sabha, Purandeswari has informed that the bill for setting up of universities for research and innovation was introduced in the Lok Sabha on May 21. According to the minister, works on the proposed World Class Universities would begin in 14 cities, including Coimbatore, after the bill being passed by Parliament.Raising the issue in Parliament, Natarajan said Coimbatore is the apt place for establishing such a university keeping in view its track record in the field of higher education. He also wanted steps to identify land for setting up the university in Coimbatore. It is expected that the state government has to find out at least 500 acres of land for the university.\"Since 2008 there have been no concrete efforts to set up a university of world-class standards. Though the issue has been taken up in Parliament, nothing has been initiated so far,\" said Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14571225", "title": "Tribute to a director", "text": "Filmmaker Asit Sen will always be remembered for evergreen hits like 'Dweep Jele Jai', 'Uttar Phalguni' and 'Mamta'. Last week, a book on Sen titled 'Smriti Sonali Rekha' was released at Nandan in the presence of a host of film personalities. Rich tributes were paid to the director who made a mark in Mumbai as well.Cinematographer Ramananda Sengupta, director Goutam Ghose and actor Arjun Chakraborty were present along with the late director's son Partho Sen.\"I remember watching his films as a child. He inspired me a lot as a director. Apart from being an excellent director he was really humble and down to earth, interacting with everyone on the sets,\" recounted Chakraborty.Being a renowned director and a screen-writer with films like 'Sharafat', 'Maa aur Mamta' and 'Safar' under his belt, Sen worked in 17 feature films in Hindi and Bengali, and directed prominent actors like Dharmendra , Jaya Bachchan , Shashi Kapoor , Ashok Kumar and Sharmila Tagore.\"He was a really wonderful person and I enjoyed working with him. He was a visionary and had no dearth of ideas while filming a scene,\" said Sengupta, who worked closely with Sen in films like 'Purbaatra' way back in 1947.Sen was nominated twice for the Filmfare award in the best director category, and he won it in 1971 for 'Safar'. One of his main features as a filmmaker was the use of low-angle shots, thereby giving an imposing look to the character.\"My father has been touted as one of the most under-rated directors in the industry by Mahesh Bhatt. This book deals with the memories of my late father and the various episodes of his life,\" said his son.In Pancham's memoryHe might have passed away nearly two decades back, but his music never died. He lives on in the hearts of fans across the country. Euphony, set up by some die-hard R D Burman fans who met on the Internet six years ago, pays a tribute to the master on his birth anniversary in Kolkata every year. It was followed by another tribute to Pancham which was organized by the R D Burman Foundation on June 30.This show was a continuation of Euphony's celebration of Panchamda's 73rd birth anniversary that fell on June 27. In the show, Kishore Sodha entertained the audience with some RD numbers on the trumpet. Raj Sodha carried the legacy of the great Manohari Singh's saxophone on his able shoulders, while Rajendra Singh Sodha, too, enthralled the audience. Drummer Franco Vaz and Uttam Singh, whose association with R D Burman as a solo violin player dates back to the mid-Sixties, sang his own composition to pay a tribute to his idol Panchamda. To add to the zing, Sushma Sresohtha alias Poornima Chandra sang some a few memorable RD numbers. The audience got a treat of not only the music but also got to hear anecdotes of R D Burman from these men who have spent quite a significant part of their lives with their beloved 'boss'. The show was hosted by Ankush Chinchankar.Beating all oddsOn Thursday, everybody at the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) in Kolkata cheered when 28-year-old Shrihari Tapkir handed over the Tricolour to chairman S K Beri. This was the same Tricolour that Tapkir had unfurled on the summit of Mt Everest on May 19 this year. Not only was he the first OFB employee to summit the highest peak in the world, Tapkir was the first Indian climber in this season to do so.It was pure grit and determination that allowed this employee of the Ordnance Factory in Pune's Dehu Road to achieve his goal. He still owes Rs 8 lakh to people who lent him money for the expedition with a private club in Pune. Tapkir had used up all his sanctioned leave during practice and when he finally left for the attempt, he was forced to opt for leave without pay. On return, he received only Rs 48 for the 80 days that he had taken to reach the summit. But then, Tapkir was not disappointed. He is still thankful to the OFB for having 'backed' him.\"Such expeditions bring out the best in people. During my final climb, I met a Spanish climber whose Oxygen kit had developed some problem. For the next three hours, I shared my Oxygen with him. He would draw Oxygen from my flask for 10 minutes and then I would take over for another 10. I could have refused him the Oxygen and he would have been forced to return to camp. But, I am an Indian and we don't behave in that manner,\" Tapkir said.Now, the OFB is considering an out-of-turn promotion and increment for Tapkir. He will also be part of the Ordnance Factories Sports Promotion Board team that will attempt to summit Mt Menthosa in Himachal Pradesh in the end of July. This expedition will be headed by Prosenjit Bagchi from Rifle Factory, Ishapore.Mango fest at coffee shop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "14594282", "title": "Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University in student exchange collaboration with Germany's HOL varsity", "text": "SONIPAT: Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and technology (DCRUST), at Murthal in Sonipat district of Haryana has signed an Memorandum of Collaboration (MoC) with Hoshschule Ostwestfalen-Lippe (HOL) (University of Applied Science), Detmold, Germany for exchange visit of students and faculty.The students of DCRUST could utilize the research facilities available at HOL University during their vacations free of cost.A university spokesperson said that under the aegis of this collaboration, a delegation from university led by vice chancellor HS Chahal visited some European countries this month to explore the possibilities of exchange of students, faculty and to strengthen ties for mutual research and development activities for upgradation of laboratories in the university. The delegation visited Germany, Finland, Italy and UAE from June 11 to 20, 2012.He said that DCRUST has been awarded with the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme Phase - II (TEQIP Phase-II) of the World Bank Project. It lays emphasis on research and creating Centres of Excellences through exchange of students, faculty and research scholars through international linkages.The varsity spokesperson informed that a joint conference on \"Energy Efficient Design of Buildings: Product Solutions\" (CREED-PS) was earlier organized at DCRUST, Murthal. The university had earlier signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Tampere University of Technology, Tampere (Finland) last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14590572", "title": "Nayantara joins Nagarjuna\u2019s Love Story", "text": "Glam doll Nayanthara has joined the shooting of 'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's forthcoming movie \"Love Story\". The film, which begun shooting a fortnight ago, initially shot scenes on Nagarjuna and other support cast. The unit has now started filming combination scenes on Nayanthara and Nagarjuna in Hyderabad.Nayanathara and Nag earlier shared screen space for the film \"Boss\", and this is the second time the duo is coming togther. Dasarath, who earlier directed Nagarjuna for \"Santosham\", is wielding the megaphone for this film. SS Thaman is composing the music for this film, which has Nag playing the role of an NRI. Chandan Reddy is producing the movie, which also has Meera Chopra playing an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14574938", "title": "Civic body for vigilance probe into graft allegations", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The allegations made by the municipality's health standing committee chairman Sakeer Hussain last week that a section of councillors have been giving bogus documents with duplicate seals to person after accepting bribe has forced the civic body to order a vigilance probe.Municipal chairman KP Musthafa told TOI that the director of urban affairs will submit the probe request to minister of urban affairs Manjalamkuzhi Ali and he will handover the recommendation to the home minister.The resignation of Sakeer Hussain highlighting this issue had kicked off a controversy. The opposition led by CPM and Indian National League (INL) had demanded a detailed police inquiry into the allegations. In a complaint to the district collector M C Mohandas, the INL demanded a vigilance inquiry. A police team has already conducted inspection at the municipal office on the basis of a complaint lodged by municipal authorities.Meanwhile to prevent malpractices related to the approval of plans, a 'one-day plan' and token system would be introduced from Monday.The building plans for the structures up to 3,000 sq ft would be approved through the 'one-day plan' system. The plans under this category can be submitted at the office for approval every Wednesday and the municipality will clear the application the same day.The token system is being introduced for the easy issuance of death and birth certificates. The certificates would be issued on first-come-first-served basis.The authorities expect that the system would help to put an end to bribing for easy delivery of certificates.Malappuram: Municipality will recommend a vigilance inquiry on the allegations regarding corruption and other malpractices in the municipal council. The letter recommending vigilance enquiry would be submitted to the municipality director on Monday.Chairman of the municipality K P Musthafa told TOI that the director will submit the application to minister of urban affairs Manhalam Kuzhi Ali and he will hand over the recommendation to home minister. Police will study the case and will take a final decision on the application.It was in last week that the municipality standing committee chairman (health) Sakeer Hussain resigned from his post alleging that a section of councillors have been giving bogus documents with duplicate seals to persons after accepting bribe. The allegation had kicked off controversy.Later, the opposition led by CPM and Indian National League (INL) had demanded a detailed police inquiry into the allegations made by Sakeer Hussain. In a complaint filed to the district collector M C Mohandas, the INL demanded a vigilance inquiry into the allegations. The party also alleged that a minister of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) had played a major role in the scams in the municipality.Following the allegations from various corners the Municipal chairman K P Musthafa had informed that the Municipality will ask government to launch a Vigilance enquiry on the issue. A police team has already conducted inspection at the municipal office on the basis of a complaint lodged by municipal authorities.However, aiming to prevent the malpractices related to the approval of plans and the delivery of various certificates, 'one-day plan' and token system would be introduced from Monday.The building plans for the structures up to 3,000 square feet would be granted approval through the 'one-day plan' system. The plans under this category can be submitted at the office for approval every Wednesday and the municipality will clear the application the same day.The token system is being introduced for the easy delivery of death and birth certificates. The certificates would be issued on first-come-first-served basis. The authorities expect that the system would help to put an end to bribing for easy delivery of certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14577964", "title": "Extra cover: Britain plans missile shield", "text": "LONDON: Britain is planning to deploy surface-to-air missiles on six sites in London , amidst reports that al-Qaida is plotting to blow up an American airliner and has trained a Norwegian Muslim convert in an attempt to evade airport security before the Olympics.Residents of areas where the Rapier missiles are proposed to be deployed staged a protest on Saturday and signed a petition opposing the deployment. The six sites where the missiles are proposed to be deployed include the Lexington Building in Tower Hamlets, Fred Wigg Tower in Waltham Forest, east London, Blackheath Common; Oxleas Wood, Eltham ; William Girling Reservoir , Enfield and Barn Hill in Epping Forest.On the deployment of missiles , the ministry of defence said the safety of the July 27-August 12 Olympic Games was paramount and a \"broad range of community engagement\" had taken place.During a major Olympicsfocussed security exercise in April, Commander General Sir Nick Parker said there must be a plan which could deal with \"the unlikely but very serious threat\" that might exist to the Olympic Park.He added, \"It's an air threat, really categorized in two ways, the sort of 9/11 threat everyone knows about, and also for the lower, slower type of target which might pop up closer to the Olympic Park, which we would need to intervene.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14570714", "title": "New RTO to come up in Greater Noida bus depot", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has approved setting up of a new regional transport centre that will deal with issues like license, registration of vehicles, etc, giving a much-needed respite to residents of far flung areas.Assistant regional transport officer KS Tiwari said the new centre will come up within a month's time. Once it is operational, residents will be able to get their driving licenses without having to go all the way to the ARTO in Noida.In a meeting held last month in Greater Noida, officials of Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC), RTO and the district administration had proposed that the centre will be opened in Greater Noida. This step was taken for the convenience Greater Noida and Jewar residents, who otherwise have to travel all the way to Sector 33 in Noida for transport-related work.The Authority has provided four acres in an unused bus depot and the RTO and the district magistrate have approved it. Construction will begin soon to create the required infrastructure. The move has come following repeated complaints and request from residents for the need of a centre close by. \"The Authority has given us a spot inside the premises of a centrally located bus depot in Greater Noida. A large portion of the depot remains vacant so we can use it,\" said MKS Sundaram, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar.\"In the last meeting, all authorities agreed that something must be done in this regard. Besides, the existing transport office in Noida is extremely congested and we hope that the new centre will absorb some of the burden of the Noida office,\" Sundaram added.According to regional transport authorities, once the new centre is developed, licence-seekers will be able to apply and even complete all formalities like the driving test for learners' license, payment of fees, etc at the new centre itself. The licence though, will finally be issued from the Noida office.\"The move to make a new centre is a welcome move not only for residents, but also for the overburdened staff and infrastructure at the Noida office. Once the proposed centre at Greater Noida takes shape, we will try to wrap up most of the formalities there itself to minimize trouble for applicants from Greater Noida and Jewar and save them several trips to the Noida office,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14573113", "title": "Bihar JD(U) minority cell meet triggers speculations", "text": "GAYA: JD(U) virtually offered an extra long hand to the minorities at the minority cell meet of the party in Gaya on Saturday, strengthening speculations that the party is silently gearing up for life without BJP, in the wake of recent political developments.The claim of senior JD(U) leader and its new Muslim face in the state, Shakil Ahmad Khan, that it was only a routine exercise to reach out to the community and have a first hand appraisal of the problems facing them notwithstanding, the tone and tenor of the speeches and the aggressive if not vitriolic contents of the pot shots taken at Gujrat chief minister Narendra Modi, chief minister Nitish Kumar's main challenger in national politics, virtually spilled the political beans of the exercise.Interestingly, the JD(U) minority cell meet tried to convert the apparent Nitish-Modi bout into Bihar vs Gujarat as despite Modi being the main target, the formal references related to secularism and the achievements of Bihar, the longtime economic underdog and an already developed Gujarat. Rajya Sabha member and Nitish Kumar's one of the closest aides RCP Sinha participated in the minority cell meet of the JD(U).Pitching for Nitish as PM without taking the chief minister's name, Khan, a recent convert to the NDA via JD (U), announced that Bihar got the country's first President and now it was the turn of the state to get its Prime Minister as well. Further elaborating on his/JD (U)'s Prime Ministerial preferences, Khan said that in any case the next PM will be a secular one enjoying the support of Bihar MPs.Rajya Sabha member RCP Sinha reminded the minorities about the steps taken by Chief Minister Nitish Kumar to empower the minorities and remove their educational and economic backwardness and reiterated the JD(U)'s commitment for minority welfare.Analysing the implications of the JD(U) minority cell meet, Ali Hussain, who teaches political science to the undergraduates said as long as JD(U) was part of the NDA, the Muslims will remain skeptical about the secular credentials of the party. \"In the event of JD(U) parting ways with BJP on the Narenedra Modi issue, Muslims may throw their entire weight behind Nitish,\" said Hussain.Reacting to the overtures being made by the JD(U) to the minorities, a senior BJP leader said the Hindutava Party was closely monitoring its ally and the party on its part was cultivating the EBCs and Mahadalits to counter the JD(U) move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chirala", "code": "14565834", "title": "Girl electrocuted in hostel compound", "text": "CHIRALA: A Class IX student of a BC girls' hostel at Chinaganjam village in Prakasam district died of electrocution on Sunday. Vavela Satyavathi, 14, died when she came in contact with a mesh fence through which power was passing from a disconnected live wire of an electric motor. Students of the social welfare hostel, including Satyavathi, were playing in the open ground near the hostel when the incident took place.Satyavathi and another girl Santoshamma fell on the compound wall of the ground while playing and came in contact with the mesh fence. Santoshamma escaped with minor injuries. Shocked children shouted for help.Satyavathi was shifted to the government hospital at Chirala where doctors declared her brought dead. The girl hailed from Pottisubbaiahpalem village of Vetapalem mandal. Her parents, Yesobu and Mariyamma, are fisherfolk.BC welfare officer Chandramouleswar Rao said that they will take action after an enquiry. The warden was not at the hostel when the mishap occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14575271", "title": "Neglect, encroachment haunts 6th century Pandyan temple", "text": "MADURAI: The Poovannanathaswamy temple in Tiruppuvanam in Sivaganga district once had couplets from ballads sung by saints like Thirugnana Sambandar and Thirunavukarasu Nainar all over its walls. The inscriptions are still there, but you will not see them due to the thick white coat of paint over them.Considered as one of the fourteen sacred Pandyan temples, the Poovannanathaswamy temple, built around the late sixth century, shows how maintenance without vision could be detrimental to the existence of an ancient structure. Even though a huge outer wall still protects the structure from further encroachment, the temple is in a state of neglect.\"Encroachment is a big problem. When I was a child, there was not even a single house around the temple. Now there are at least 50 houses surrounding the structure. If the temple didn't have the huge wall to protect it, we could have lost it by now,\" says P Ramachandran, a national award-winning teacher and a heritage enthusiast, who has been living in Tiruppuvanam since his childhood.The temple, situated 18-km from Madurai on the Manamadurai Road, is maintained by the Sivagangai Devasthanam. According to K Sundar, a history teacher, the property around the temple still belonged to the Devasthanam.\"Some people who leased out the land have constructed houses. They have not vacated it and still live on the leased land by paying a small amount to the devasthanam,\" he said. According to the Tamil Nadu District Gazetteers, published in 1972, the temple must have been in existence before the seventh century as Thirugnana Sambandar visited it. But white-washing and sand-blasting has destroyed many inscriptions and sculptures inside the temple. The surviving sculptures of Thirumalai Nayak and his consort at the entrance of the temple suggest that the temple must have undergone renovation in the later Nayak period.\"A lot of rare inscriptions on the walls are lost to white-washing and sand-blasting. But still there are a lot left. Since the temple was in existence in the seventh century, the inscriptions and art work in the temple must be studied in detail,\" said K Kalairajan, assistant registrar, Alagappa University.According to myth, there was a holy water pond founded by the Sun God at the south-east corner of the temple. \"Bones of corpses immersed in this water would become fragrant flowers. Hence the place is called Tiruppuvanam ('Tiru' in Tamil means sacred, and 'pu' denotes flower and 'vana' in Sanskrit means garden) meaning 'sacred flower garden',\" according to the Gazetteers. People still bury the bones of the dead on the banks of the Vaigai river opposite the temple. However, lack of basic facilities in the temple irks locals. \"Devotees come to visit the temple from afar. But even basic facilities like drinking water and public restrooms are lacking here,\" says Sundar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14575513", "title": "Mantra at Times Expo: 'Shop till you drop'", "text": "MYSORE: Mysoreans are game for fashion and lifestyle. The three-day Times Consumer Expo-2012 was flooded with people with the young crowd taking the lead.The expo, that concluded on Sunday, saw a sea of people trooping in to Maharaja's College grounds to celebrate the 'shopping habba'. They were happy to see multiple brands on a single platform there. The touch-and-feel feature of the expo, sponsored by The Times of India and Vijay Karnataka, attracted thousands.Rohith A K and Mahini, who visited the expo along with their two children, said: \"Such events help people know what is new in the market. I purchased many things here.\" Consumers were seen most at lifestyle and electronic stalls. Those showcasing furniture, dress materials and art also had good number of footfalls. Youths, in particular, visited bike and car exhibitions.BMW car consultant Prithvi M E said they received many queries. Many customers have shown interest in BMW X1 series. Even those dealing with software saw good response. \"It was a great event for us as to introduce our products to consumers,\" said Sala Udddin Khan of City Technology, a software developer. He had introduced NP anti-virus system at the expo.\"We sold over 50 pieces of body massagers at the expo. We will join the next edition of Times Expo,\" said Nagaraj K R, sales executive of Tele Brand (Bangalore). Jayaram K M, marketing in charge of Racold, said they benefitted from the event which attracted people from all walks of life.\"We did brisk sales during the three days, and the crowd is fantastic,\" said Ashfaq, a carpet shop owner who has participated in consumer fairs across India. He had come from Uttar Pradesh for the mega event. As many as 6,000 enquires were received by VR Interiors, its manager H Harish said.Lifestyle product manufacturers, including fitness equipment, cosmetics companies, makers of home appliances and electronic gadgets, got good response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "14592573", "title": "Delta Air Lines to offer in-flight Wi-Fi internet service", "text": "DUBAI: Delta Air Lines will begin offering in-flight internet service on its long-haul international fleet of more than 150 aircraft, from early next year.The expanded Wi-Fi service will use satellites to provide coverage internationally and will complement the existing air-to-ground service already provided by Gogo for aircraft flying within the domestic US, the airline said in a statement here.Delta already operates the world's largest Wi-Fi-equipped fleet of aircraft with more than 3,000 flights daily, including its entire fleet of 550 domestic mainline aircraft.More than 800 Delta aircraft, including all Delta Connection two-class regional jets, are equipped with in-flight Wi-Fi service offering more than 400,000 customers per day access to the Internet above 10,000 feet.The international service will use high-bandwidth Ku-band capacity satellites to provide global coverage. When complete in 2015, Delta will operate approximately 1,000 Wi-Fi-equipped aircraft in its worldwide fleet that includes Boeing 777, 767, 747, Airbus 330 and transoceanic Boeing 757 aircraft.\"Delta's advancements in technology have been a key component to our improvements in the customer travel experience and have been cited by J D Power and Associates and PC World magazine as important aspects of travel,\" said Tim Mapes, Delta's senior vice president - Marketing.\"With our expansion of international Wi-Fi options across our fleet, Delta customers will be able to stay connected throughout their journey\".The expansion of in-flight Wi-Fi to Delta's transoceanic fleet is the latest in the airline's more than $3 billion investment in enhanced global products, services and airport facilities through 2013, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14575501", "title": "Flaws in contract terms stall $275m ARV deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The $275 million armoured recovery vehicle (ARV) deal has run into fresh trouble relating to the specification mismatch that has been red-flagged by the defence ministry.Highly placed sources said BEML has been informed about ground clearance gap discrepancy in the ARV specification, which is sure to throw the delivery schedule haywire.In October 2011, Polish firm Bumar had bagged the mega contract to supply 204 ARVs. As per the contract, the first batch of eight ARVs was to be delivered by August-end.But now it looks far-fetched because of specification anomalies and the tricky indigenization to be done by BEML. As per the contract signed between BEML and the defence ministry in 2011, the ground clearance of ARVs should be 480 mm, while in the contract between BEML and Bumar it is only 395 mm. After signing the contract, the defence ministry paid Rs 250 crore to BEML.After stumbling on the discrepancy, the ministry wrote to BEML on the mismatch. It is learnt that BEML had planned to amend the contract clauses with MoD to ensure timely delivery of the ARVs. TOI is in possession of the letter dated June 9, 2012, in which BEML sought amendment in the contract with MoD about the ground clearance gap.Sources said that changing the technical specifications at the last minute was shocking and hinted that BEML did not incorporate the ground clearance specification (480 mm) before signing the contract and price negotiation with Bumar in 2011.The high ground clearance in ARVs was demanded by the Army since it is used in all-terrain operations across the country.Sources said Bumar had been wooing BEML to engage its subsidiary for supply of periscopes in the ARVs. TOI is in possession of a letter written by the commercial director of Bumar recommending its subsidiary. However, BEML chickened out at the last minute and did not go ahead for the periscope deal under the indigenization clause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571106", "title": "Galta pond becomes watery grave; 25-yr-old drowns in Janana", "text": "JAIPUR: Barely a month after a 19-year-old youth drowned in Galta pond in the outskirts of the city, another youth drowned in the same pond on Sunday evening. It was a testing time for the disaster management team as a team was already working at Shivdaspura to fish out the body of six-year-old child who drowned on Saturday evening.After Vishnu Jaat who drowned in the pond on June 3, the district administration had opted to drain out and clean the swampy 'Mardana' (gents) pond. But the administration had not think of doing the same for 'Janana' (ladies) pond which is swampy.In Sunday's incident, Phool Mohammed (25) had gone to the pond for a picnic with three of his friends. He insisted for having a dip in the pond to which three of his friends resisted.\"We told him not to go inside since it is swampy and slippery. He got into the pond at 3.35 pm and within some minutes started screaming for help. We looked for ropes and other things but could not find anything,\" said Abdul Kareen, one of the victim's friends, recalling the incident.Soon after the incident, a team from the disaster management comprising divers came with ropes and pump sets. Initially, the team was facing the problems because of the swampy nature of the pond.\"It is dangerous to get into the water. The disaster management is discussing the plan to fish out the body,\" said Pyarey Lal Meena, circle inspector of Galta Gate police station.Almost an hour after the incident, the team got success in fishing out the body with the help of metallic slabs. The body was sent to the SMS hospital for the post mortem, police added.Unlike last time when the disaster management took two days to retrieve the body, they fished out Phool Mohammad's body within two hours.\"We inserted metallic slabs into the pond and retrieved the body,\" the officer added.Commenting on the frequent accidents at the same spot, police said sign boards are already on the site to warn people against swimming into the pond.When the last incident took place, the police and disaster management teams had claimed to intensify surveillance in the area to avert such incidents. However, Sunday's incident has again exposed the lofty claims made by the police and the district administration.Death TrapJune 2012: A 19-year-old boy drowned in the Mardana kund of Galta pond on the city outskirtsJune 2012: A six-year-old child drowned in a pond near Shivdaspura village on the city outskirts July 2011: An engineering student drowned at a pond when he along with 18 students went for a picnic at NahargarhFebruary 2011: A 22-year-old youth drowned in a stepwell on Nahargarh hillsAugust 2011: A student pursuing law was killed while four others were injured when the car they were driving skidded and fell into the gorge in the Nahargarh hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14572600", "title": "Goods train catch fire, no causality", "text": "GONDIA: Coal which was being carried from Korba mines to thermal power plant of Koradi in Maharashtra by a goods train caught fire between Darreksa and Amgaon in Gondia district. It was extinguished before in could do any damage. There was no casualty.According to information, the goods train No. WCR 221-6097953 carrying coal for Koradi Thermal Plant left Korba on Thursday morning (June 28). While passing through Borkanhar station between Darrekasa and Salekasa, smoke was noticed coming from one of the wagons. The train was stopped in Salekasa and water was sprayed on the coal. The fire was not completely extinguished, so smoke again started bellowing from the same wagon. The train was stopped in Amgaon and fire brigade was called to ensure that the coal did not pick up fire again. However, there is no report of any casualty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577234", "title": "MBA graduate plans to cycle across the country to promote farming", "text": "COIMBATORE: While educated youths may consider agriculture as a less than glamorous job, an MBA graduate has taken it up as a career and vows to encourage many more people to take it up as a profession. Vasanth Velusami, hailing from Udumalpet, is all set to begin a cycling expedition to attract at least 150 educated youth to agriculture. The six-month long expedition will begin on August 15 and he is expected to finish in January 2013.The journey titled Bharat Parikarma will start from Pollachi and will cover at least 10,000km, passing through major state capitals across the country, including Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kanyakumari, Rameswaram, Chennai, Visag, Cuttack, Kolkata, Varanasi, New Delhi, Chandigarh, Manali, Leh, Kargil, Srinagar, Jammu, Amritsar, Bikkanir, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Goa, Mangalore, Calicut, Palakkad and Palani. Vasanth took up agriculture soon after he completed his university education. He cultivates various fruits and vegetables in addition to coconut and rice in his 300-acre farm.During the course of his expedition, which is expected to cost around Rs 2 lakh, he will interact with people, both in farming and non farming sectors. He will talk to people about the need to ensure self sufficiency in food production. He also plans to identify innovative and enterprising people who can make farming more attractive and profitable.\"Non-availability of quality people, flawed government policies, public aversion to farming, unviable and conventional systems of farming and flawed agricultural education are the major handicaps of Indian farming. Anybody who shares my thoughts can join me in this journey,\" he says.\"I will meet students in IITs and IIMs and professionals including scientists, doctors, engineers and auditors and persuade them to take up farming as a career,\" he added. He will also meet successful entrepreneurs, politicians, social workers, sportsmen and artists to share his ideas with them. Anyone who aspires to take up farming as a career can contact Vasanth on his mobile number: 91-9442627001.Coimbatore: At a time when educated youngsters in the country feel agriculture as a glamour-less profession to accumulate losses, an young farmer in his thirties from Udumalpet in Tirupur has decided to undertake a nation wide cycle expedition from August 15 to January with the resolve to bring at least 150 highly educated youngsters into the primary sector.Vasanth Velusamy with a successful track record of developing agriculture in more than 300 acres after completing his university education is planning to cover at least 10,000 km over bicycle spreading the message of 'Back to Farming.' The journey titled Bharat Parikrama would begin in Pollachi, the coconut capital of Tamil Nadu, and will pass through Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kanyakumari, Rameswaram, Chennai, Visag, Cuttack, Kolkata, Varanasi, New Delhi, Chandigarh, Manali, Leh, Kargil, Srinagar, Jammu, Amritsar, Bikkanir, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Goa, Mangalore, Calicut, Palakkad and Palani.The expedition with an estimated expenditure of Rs 2 lakh would be used by Velusamy to interact with people, both in farming and non farming sectors, and convinces them the need to ensure self sufficiency in nutritious food. He also will strive to spot innovative and enterprising people who can make farming more attractive and profitable.\"Non-availability of quality people, flawed Governmental policies, general aversion to farming, unviable conventional systems, higher cost of capital and unrealistic agri education are the handicaps of Indian farming. My attempt is a humble way to change it. Anybody sharing my cause can aso join this journey,'' says Vasanth.I will meet those who studying in IIT and IIM and professionals like Scientists, Doctors, Engineers and auditors and invite them to farming. I will also give presentations to them based on my experience. Successful entrepreneurs, politicians, social workers, sportsmen and artists also would be met during the journey to apprise them,'' he said. Vasanth can be contacted at his number: 91 9442627001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14578991", "title": "Beauties on wheels that beat time", "text": "LUDHIANA: The priceless beauties on wheels from the years when having them was more about charm, than comfort and commute are still around and they are not just proudly parked at owner's homes, but turn up on \"risky\" city roads, clearing their way with the attention they command. The owners of these vintage four-wheeler classics can very well choose to drive around the latest car in the market, but their bond doesn't let their \"beloved\" steering go off their hands. The bond with machines was not all fiction in \"Transformers\".Dr Ravi Midha is 69 and he is seen around in the city driving his 1969 Mercedes 220 D, which rests at his Pakhowal Road residence when not in service. \"It's a pleasure when my wife Usha and I go on our evening drives in this 1969. It is still young as I did not face any trouble taking it to Chail in Himachal Pradesh , 72,000 feet above sea level, in 2010,\" he says.Spotting them is no big deal even though the traffic in the city is mostly choc-a-block. The love of these landmark creations of yesteryears with their owners is such that these beat other sophisticated cars and SUVs parked home.Industrialist Avtar Singh Bhogal, 59, has a choice when he moves out of his Model Town residence. An almost 'envious' choice among an Austin 1933, a Morris 1951 and the 'forever young' Volkswagen Beetle (1958).\"Though Austin is my favourite among them, I keep them like my kids. I still get the spare parts from England if I have to. Their use in summers becomes less frequent as they do not have ACs,\" says Bhogal. Among the most enthusiastic collectors of vintage wheeled machines, Inderpal Singh Gill, 34, owns 13 vintage cars and 10 vintage scooters. At present, you may spot him. . . . in a 1961 Beetle or a 1971 Italian Vespa.\"The older your beauty, the more refreshing a drive in it would be, provided you have loved her throughout. Apart from the vintage vehicles I own, I use modern cars only when I have to go out of the city,\" says Gill. He runs a vintage motors club in the city.Dr Ravi Midha | 1969 Mercedes 220 DThis Merc has a four-cylinder engine under the hood and features a three-box design. Designed by Paul Bracq. Midha put his beige car to a real test when he brought it to Ludhiana from Germany driving through eight countries including Austria, Hungary, Turkey, Bulgaria and Iran. He got a diesel engine installed in it from a Phagwara-based auto garage. He says his brother, who worked with Mercedes in Germany had bought it for him in 1969.\"It has an impressive engine and does not demand much maintenance though I have driven it almost across the country too. Like a good doctor for a healthy body, a good driver is must for a well maintained car,\" adds Midha.An important reason, Midha says, behind being loyal to his 220 D, is that it lets him connect with various cultures globally. \"Driving through Iran and Turkey, I met curious people who became my friends and guided me through, just because of this car. There are a lot of emotions and memories of the international drive that don't let me part with it,\" says Midha, with watery eyes. Remember, \"Transformers\" was not all animation. Only a few understand the bond. The ones who love their machines like Midha.Avtar Singh Bhogal loves his Austin mostWith a 79-year-old four-cylinder engine which churns out 10 horse power, Bhogal's 1933 Austin is his favourite. He got it second hand 23 years ago.Apart from this Bhogal has a 1951 Morris and a 1958 Volkswagen Beetle and takes care of his cars himself. \"I maintain my vehicles on a daily basis, he adds. \"Their parts have to be mostly shipped from UK but there have been times when I got them developed at my workshop here under my supervision. When it comes to my cars, I am particular about perfection,\" says Bhogal.Gill's fleet of 13 cars and 10 two-wheelersThis owner of 13 vintage cars and 10 vintage scooters currently drives around in a 1961 Volkswagen Beetle and 1971 Italian Vespa scooter. Its not just cars but even rare engines, components and tool kits invite Inderpal Singh Gill's interest and he collects these from across the world. \"I repair and maintain my vintage vehicles myself. It is tough to find a trustworthy mechanic when it's a vintage in question. I am so close to my machines that I can diagnose their problems by just listening to their engine noise,\" says Gill. He has often been offered huge money for his vintage possessions but the count has never gone down in his garage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14573413", "title": "No records of PM-Raja 2G meets: PMO", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office does not have any information about meetings held between PM Manmohan Singh and the then telecom minister and 2G scam accused A Raja, between August 2007 and July 2008.Replying to an RTI application filed by one Deepak Saluja in this regard, the top office has passed the buck to Special Protection Group (SPG), an exempted organization under the RTI Act, for furnishing details of the meetings.The SPG which is exempted from making any disclosure under the RTI Act except those related to allegations of human rights violation and corruption has refused to furnish the information citing the exemption clause.The PMO also transferred the application to department of telecommunication to provide the information but it was also sent back with director (coordination) stating that it was PMO to answer the application. After SPG and DOT refused to furnish the information, PMO cited another exemption clause related to national security to deny the information saying \"it has been consistent stand not to reveal details of appointment.\"Following the refusal to furnish the information, Saluja approached the Central Information Commission with a plea that information be made available to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14599827", "title": "Recruitment of PGTs: Candidates with four years' teaching experience get relaxation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Candidates who have four years' teaching experience and passed Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) will be exempted from the condition of 'good academic record' in recruitment process of Post Graduate Teachers (PGTs) in the Haryana, state education minister Geeta Bhukkal said on Sunday.She said the notification to this effect has already been issued and added that the exemption would be applicable up to April 1, 2015.After selection, if the candidates failed to pass Teachers Eligibility Test and B.Ed., their services would automatically be terminated.Those candidates who do not have B.Ed degree but have passed Teachers Eligibility Test would be able to apply for PGT for a single time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14600877", "title": "After JD(U), Thackeray hits out at Kalam, calls him hypocrite", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Monday hit out at former president APJ Abdul Kalam for making a statement after so many years that he was ready to swear in Congress chief Sonia Gandhi as the Prime Minister after the 2004 polls, calling him \"hypocrite\" and \"shallow\".Another NDA member, JD(U), had targeted Kalam over the issue on Sunday.\"After saying that he was ready to swear in Italian Sonia Gandhi as the Prime Minister, Kalam has become a laughing stock\", Thackeray claimed in the editorial in the party mouthpiece 'Saamana'.In his recently published book 'Turning Points', Kalam has revealed that he was ready to swear in Sonia Gandhi in 2004, despite intense opposition from some quarters.\"By making this disclosure after so many years, Kalam has lost the place he had in people's hearts and from their point of view, he is now a hypocrite and shallow\", Thackeray said. \"Till now, it was widely speculated that Kalam, as the President, had stopped Sonia Gandhi from becoming Prime Minister. Due to this single act, he was admired by the country, and the admiration continued even when he was no longer the President\", Thackeray said.\"Kalam could have made this clarification ten (sic) years ago. But he kept quiet due to selfish interests\", he said. The nuclear blast he executed at Pokhran did not benefit the country, and his latest \"blast\" about Sonia has led to the maligning of India's image in the global stage, Thackeray asserted.\"People in the NDA were bent on making Kalam President again. Had he become NDA's Presidential nominee and made this disclosure, it would have led to defamation of the NDA\", the Sena chief claimed. \"Now, we are sceptical whether he really carried out the nuclear explosion at Pokhran\", the editorial doubted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572022", "title": "Power consumers' body seeks CM's intervention", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad sought intervention of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to bring power situation on track.The parishad in a statement claimed that nearly 40% of the consumers in the state were facing the problem of low voltage and higher instances of power equipments getting damaged because of voltage fluctuation.Parishad president, AK Verma said that UPPCL is resorting to the tune of around 2,500 to 3,000 Mw on a daily basis. At the same time, localities are not getting power despite power availability, essentially because of the system mismatch. The association, in a petition filed with the UPERC, had already shown that while the consumer load in the state capital is to the tune of over 18 lakh kilowatt, the system of Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) is equipped to provide only just over 12 lakh kilowatt.\"It is not until this mismatch is addressed, that the power situation in state capital and elsewhere in the state would improve,\" Verma said.The parishad also appealed to the consumers to lodge their complaints of equipments damage with the local authorities as prescribed in the State Electricity Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14576270", "title": "Babus oppose SP compensation plan for farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of higher compensation to farmers for government acquiring their land has got into a turf war between the state bureaucracy and ruling political class. Most key departments in charge of the government's development initiatives have termed the Samajawai Party's promise of hiking the compensation to six times the existing circle levels as \" economically unviable\".The circle rates of land are determined at the level of district magistrates on the basis of a survey of existing market rates at which land has been sold, and feedback from buyers and builders. Subsequently, a tentative rate list is made for which objections are invited. Circle rates are notified after taking into consideration these objections. Although the DM surveys are mandatory at least once every two years, in certain regions, rates may be revised more than once a year, depending upon demand.Differences between the bureaucracy and the political leadership began in the department of revenue, the nodal agency for formulating the state's new land acquisition policy. Attempting to force fit the SP government's promise of acquiring land at six times the circle rate, the department heard from industries, irrigation, housing and public works departments, who raised issues about the practicability of the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14569913", "title": "Come monsoon, HUDA to begin 1st phase of plantation drive in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The horticulture department of HUDA is eagerly waiting for monsoon to begin so that it can carry out a massive plantation drive in the city.For speedy plantation, the HUDA has hired a firm that has been given the contract of digging holes for saplings and maintaining them for the next three months.\"The drive will start with the arrival of monsoon and the stock of saplings of different species has already been bought from nurseries,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.The horticulture department has already selected places where saplings will be planted in the first phase. The areas earmarked for the drive are Sectors 51, 30, 38, 23, 22, 17C, 45, 46, and 52. The horticulture department is also planning to get enclosures for the saplings after plantation.The enclosures will be placed simultaneously during the drive by the private firm.HUDA officials claimed that the upcoming drive is unique.\"The firm has procured a machine which will dig the holes in a short period. The drive is cost effective too, since the firm will deploy manpower for the next three months to maintain the saplings,\" said a HUDA official.Asked about the cost factor of the plantation drive, the official said: \"The cost of digging would be Rs 7 per sapling apart from a minimal amount for plantation and maintenance.\"According to HUDA, the drive will go on till the spring season.\"After plantation, the first three months are crucial and it is for this purpose that the condition of maintenance has been added in the contract,\" said the official. In the first phase, residential sectors, roads, governmental buildings and schools will be covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14576146", "title": "3 teenagers caught for lifting mobike", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another case of teenagers taking shortcuts to earn fast bucks, three teenagers. were held with a two-wheeler which they had allegedly lifted from a parking lot near Saharaganj in Hazratganj on Sunday evening. However, what caught the cops by surprise was the background of the three. According to police, two of them are class XI students of La Martiniere Boys' Inter College and one class XII student of Eram Inter College, Indiranagar.Their identity is being held back since all the three were minors. While the father of one of the La Martiniere students is a businessman and lives in posh Dalibagh locality, his classmate's father is with Indian Foreign Services and posted abroad. The father of the third teenager, who studies at Eram Inter College, Indiranagar, works with the PICUP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14567578", "title": "Birds die after tree branches are trimmed at Gadge Maharaj Muth", "text": "NASHIK: Tree activists got the trimming of branches at Gadge Maharaj Muth, Panchvati, stopped through the concerned officials after birds on the tree died and their nests and eggs were destroyed in the process on Saturday evening.The branches of trees at Gadge Maharaj Muth in Panchvati were being cut on Saturday with permission from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). When the branches of a peepal tree were being trimmed, the nests, eggs and birds came crashing down. Sunil Pawar, who stays at the Muth, tired to stop the activity and summoned tree activists. Trees like ashoka , peepal, ficus variety and neem are present at the campus.\"These trees are very old, planted by Gadge Maharaj himself and at least 100-150 birds stay on each tree. There are 16 such trees. I had pleaded earlier also that the branches should not be trimmed and had given a letter to the municipal commissioner to stop this but the NMC gave its go-ahead,\" said Pawar. He said the locals wanted to get the branches trimmed because the birds spoilt the area with their droppings.When tree activists visited the spot and summoned the tree inspector of east division, Pramod Phalgune, he said that he could not stop it since the people had permission from the NMC. \"As per norms, before giving permission, the tree officers should visit the spot and also be present when the trimming or hacking is going on. But this was not the case,\" said tree activists. Pawar confirmed that no official visited the spot.\"The trees are a big housing colony of cattle egrets, ibis, mynas, parakeets, bats, etc. Though the NMC granted permission, under the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972, if there is any bird habitat in the tree, the tree should not be cut. Also, this is a violation of the prevention of cruelty to animals Act,\" said animal activist, Hrishikesh Nazre.\"We have got the trimming stopped on a temporary basis. There are 16 trees with bird habitats,\" he said.On Sunday morning, Phalgune visited the spot and stopped the trimming. He said that people living there were really disturbed by the birds and the area was in a very bad state. Local corporator Vatsala Khaire said that during the rains the dead branches and nests fell on people passing by and they often complained. While she claimed that tree authorities had visited the spot, Pawar and the tree activists say otherwise. Tree activists will be meeting the municipal commissioner on Monday with a letter mentioning why the trees should not be trimmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14574861", "title": "4,000 more machines to be bought", "text": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation will buy imported sewing machines at higher costs even though 1,000 machines in the stores department have not been distributed to the needy.A senior civic official said, \"Earlier, the civic body bought over 9,000 sewing machines for Rs 1,200-1,300. Pedal stands required for these machines were purchased at a cost of around Rs 1,800. We found that the wood used was inferior. Later, the civic body bought the entire machine along with the pedal stand for Rs 3,000 after inviting bids and selecting the lowest bidder.\"The new machines will have enhanced functions. \"The machines can also embroider, bead sarees and perform other decorative functions. The machine costs around Rs 5,000 and is imported. We want to give good quality machines which are usable in the changing times. This machine can stitch designs and help a woman earn more.\"Sahebrao Gaikwad, assistant commissioner and in-charge of women and child welfare department, PCMC said, \"The department is trying to give sewing machines that will be of more use. The cost is more than the traditional machines, but they have better use.\" The civic body has selected 4,000 beneficiaries for 2010-11. The standing committee has approved the proposal to purchase the machines at a cost of Rs 2.12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577051", "title": "UG admissions at Ambedkar University", "text": "Ambedkar University, Delhi (AUD), which began functioning in August 2008, offers three types of undergraduate (UG) programmes in humanities, social sciences and mathematical sciences - three-year BA (Honours ) with a major in a single discipline , BA (Honours) with a major in social sciences and humanities in three disciplines and a four year BA (Honours) with a dual major in two disciplines.According to Gunjan Sharma, assistant professor, school of educational studies, Ambedkar University, all the programmes are equally popular among students, but economics, sociology and English have received maximum applications this year.Talking about the programme, Sharma says, \"In the initial semesters , students take courses that draw on the humanities, social sciences and mathematical sciences encouraging a deeper appreciation of these areas. They also take courses that enhance foundational skills in logical, analytical and quantitative reasoning , language proficiency and communication. Subsequently, the emphasis is on the depth of study where students select intensive courses related to their major discipline/s.\"Although the medium of instruction at AUD is English, the university encourages students from different linguistic backgrounds to apply for admission to the undergraduate honours programmes. There are specially designed courses in English, which are organised to help students improve their language proficiency. The English language proficiency course runs parallel with the BA programme.\"The students, who get admission into the UG programmes at AUD, undergo a diagnostic test to decide their level of proficiency. This helps us determine the extent of help that a student requires in English language. If a student falls between level 1 and 2, s/he is required to undergo training in basic English skills for the first two semesters. However, if students pick up the language before the end of the course, they are free to leave the rest of the course. Also, those who still face difficulties even after the completion of the course can continue with classes.\"Though the process of online registrations for undergraduate admissions is over, students need to have cleared +2 with a minimum of 50% marks to be eligible for the BA programmes. Admission will be strictly on the basis of merit. AUD has received more than 1,134 applications this year for 245 seats in all programmes taken together. The fee for the course is Rs 16,000 per semester.The first batch of students would graduate from AUD in 2013. The same batch may decide to continue in a dual degree mode - an option that is available based on particular criterion. This would be the first batch to avail of this option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14568185", "title": "Glitches, chaos made it a bumpy ride to college", "text": "NEW DELHI: DU admissions under the second cutoff list may come to a close on Monday, but it has not been smooth sailing so far. Both colleges and students have complained that admission policies of the university have been ambiguous. A number of problems, ranging from glitches in online registration to students complaining of multiple fitness tests for sports admissions, have been encountered during this year's admissions. Colleges say they have written repeatedly to the dean of students' welfare (DSW) for clarifications on issues like OBC admissions as well as admissions of students whose marksheets have not been released, but it hasn't helped.In a recent notification, DU had said OBC candidates will be given a 10% relaxation in the minimum eligibility criteria and in the minimum eligibility for entrance tests, if any, for general candidates. All OBC candidates with minimum eligibility marks in the qualifying exam or the entrance test will get admission in the order of merit. Colleges, including Ramjas, had written to the DSW inquiring about the frequency with which the merit list had to be released.\"We have written to ask if the merit list has to be brought out every day, or if it is to be released only on the third day of admissions. We didn't get a clear reply,\" said a college official. DSW J M Khurana, however, told TOI that the merit list has to be brought out daily.The problems faced by students from Haryana Board due to unavailability of marksheets in spite of the results being declared online has been a cause for concern. Colleges allege there is uncertainty about the procedure and Kirori Mal College , Sri Venkateswara and Ramjas, among others, have sought clarification from DSW.Khurana claimed the issue had been resolved. \"The matter is clear. Colleges have to admit students provisionally on the basis of online results and verify the marks later. There was problem only in KMC and it has been sorted out,\" he said while alluding to the angry exchange of letters between the DSW and the KMC principal.There has also been confusion over the possibility of reopening admissions in case a large number of students withdraw their application and seats become vacant. According to sources, a women's college in south Delhi had filled their seats for BA (honours) psychology after closure of the first list. When a call was made to the DSW's office, they were allegedly informed that it was not possible to reopen admissions once they are closed. The college kept admissions open during the second list with a marginal dip, which resulted in excess admissions. Khurana, however, said, \"If seats are vacant, a college can reopen admissions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "14579334", "title": "Posing to keep spine in right shape", "text": "Sarabha Nagar: There's a commotion at homemaker Ann Bhullar's home in Sarabha Nagar.At six in the morning, she is pulling trays of baked vegetables from an oven, spooning up cheese, squeezing some oranges into a sipper and then filling up her 15-year-old son Udaybir Bhullar's tiffin box. The son's school has put a compulsory bespoke menu on demand.Next 30 minutes, she will scramble to put almonds, cornflakes, \"parantha\" and milk on the breakfast table for herself and her husband.The routine will be the same for the next six days. So, sharp at eleven, the worn-out Ann drives to the neighbouring fitness centre and looks for remedies scripted by ancient seers.\"Gone is the time when sandwiches were wrapped in a waxed paper and dispatched with kids. It's fun to make new menus but it does tax you. That's where the obvious yoga comes - backaches and more,\" remarks Ann. Last two years, she has spent time finding poses to keep her spine and shoulders in shape and massage the abdominal organs.Everyday begins with a cow pose popularly known as \"bitilasana\" which is an easy way to warm up the spine. Cat and camel poses known as \"marjaryasana\" and \"ustrasana\" that focus on neck, belly, spine and chest are then practised.\"They have a lot of therapeutic application such as mild backache, fatigue and even respiratory ailments. You have to learn that by rote like a child,\" she quips. And, then there is the eagle pose known as \"garudasana\" after the Hindu mythological Lord Vishnu's vehicle.\"Garuda was originally identified with the all-consuming fire of sun's rays. This is a difficult asana and is done to get rid of painful backaches and even troubles related to calves, ankles and hips,\" points out Ann's yoga teacher.Ann Bhullar's daily schedule has one thing fixed - a yoga session at a fitness centre near her Sarabha Nagar residence. Apart from keeping her spine in top shape, the workout also helps her manage her post-binge days.When the guilt pangs after an eating binge become disturbing, this homemaker finds herself in the middle of lesser known ones like \"bharadvaja's twist\" to relieve stomach ailments.\"When you get tired, you like to gorge on food and hence the eating disorders. I can't stay away from 'paranthas', so I don't mind twists and bends,\" she laughs. For someone who just five years ago went to pursue her masters in teachers training course in Canada , the 42-year-old says she now wants to discover and find the ancient art with a greater focus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14580051", "title": "Mushrooms stopped coal formation 300 million years ago?", "text": "LONDON: Mushrooms may be the culprit behind the shortage of coal on Earth , as scientists claim to have found evidence that shows the arrival of fleshy fungi species may have stopped the formation of coal deposits about 300 million years ago.Coal is actually the fossilized remains of plants that lived from around 360 to 300 million years ago. But at the end of that period, coal stopped forming.Now, scientists found evidence that show the evolution of fungi, which are capable of Stopped Sly digesting plants, may have stopped dead plants building up into peat and then forming into coal. The discovery might pave the way for new biofuels, the researchers said.\"We're hoping this will get into the biology and geology textbooks,\" study researcher David Hibbett, a Clark University biologist, was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.In the research, Hibbett and his colleagues focused on Basidiomycetes, which include mushroom species with the familiar cap-and-stem look. Basidiomycetes also include brown rot fungi such as the dry rot that can destroy houses by breaking down the cellulose in the construction wood but leave the lignin untouched ; and white rot fungi of interest to the pulp and paper industries that can break down both types of polymers.The researchers then used molecular clock analyses to track the evolution of the enzymes back through the fungal lineages. The idea is that just as the hands of a clock move at a defined rate around the dial, genes accumulate mutations at a roughly constant rate.This rate of change allowed the team to work backwards , estimating when two lineages last shared a common ancestor based on the amount of divergence.It showed that around 290 million years ago, right at the end of the Carboniferous period , a white rot fungal ancestor with the capacity to break down lignin appeared.Prior to that fungi didn't have that ability and thus the lignin in plant matter was not degraded, which allowed these lignin-rich residues to build up in soil over time, the researchers said.\"When you read about coal formation it's usually explained in terms of physical processes, and that the rate of coal deposition just crashed at the end of the Permo-Carboniferous . Why was that? There are various explanations ,\" said Hibbett.\"The evolution of white rot fungi could've been a factor \u2014 perhaps a major factor. Once you have white rot you can break down lignin, the major precursor of coal.Kenneth Nealson of the University of Southern California said, \"The concept of the invention of an enzyme that can break down the 'unbreakable' is really great.\"\"The idea that a stable (inedible ) form of organic carbon can become edible (and thus more difficult to bury over time), changes our perspective not only on global energy storage in the past, but what it means for present day carbon sequestration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14571931", "title": "Schools up to class VIII to reopen on July 9", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the wake of soaring mercury, the district administration on Saturday announced that all schools up to class VIII will be closed for summer vacations till July 8. The order issued by the district magistrate, Anurag Yadav stands applicable to all government, private and public schools.School authorities, however, expressed their concern on extended summer vacations. If not full day, we can have classes running in the early morning hours. Long holidays will lead to problems in syllabus completion,\" said a school principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14591975", "title": "Krissh 3 most difficult film I\u2019ve ever shot: Rakesh Roshan", "text": "Rakesh Roshan has completed shooting Krissh 3 barring the romantic songs. The climactic fight between Hrithik and Vivek has them locked in a photo-finish combat where Hrithik insisted that Vivek would get equal weightage, footage and leverage.Reasons Rakesh, \"I had to justify Vivek's presence. So his character gets equal importance to Hrithik. The story moves ahead with Vivek and Hrithik. And Vivek has done an amazing job.\"Says the director, \"For the last five months we've shot only the action scenes. All I can tell you is, the fights are not about showing the super-hero throwing punches. His opponent is just as powerful. We're ready with two hours of film. We need to shoot another half an hour.\"Rubbishing rumours that Farhan Akhtar was roped in to supervise the climactic fights Rakesh says, \"Farhan? He's grown up with my son. I love Farhan's work. But I've been directing films from the time he was a child... I am very happy with the outcome. We're nearly done.\"The director admits Krissh 3 cannot compare with the action scenes in the Spiderman series. \"In terms of stunt spectacle and action we've gone way beyond the other Krissh films. But we can't compete with Hollywood. One of their action scenes is equal to my entire budget. We can't afford the bigness of the Hollywood super-hero films. Given our monetary restrictions we've done whatever we could do with the action scenes. But our forte is the drama. So we've based all the action in emotions. Plain and simple, they've the money. We don't. We have to depend on our content, the story and emotions. We'll try to get the audience involved in the emotions and then get them sucked into the stunts.\"Ends Rakesh Roshan , \"This is the most difficult film I've ever shot. I've had to create a balance between my son's character and Vivek's character. The two look evenly-matched on screen. And that's my biggest triumph.\"It looks like Hrithik Roshan's Krissh franchise just got bigger, much bigger. Vivek Oberoi's character of the antagonist in Krissh 3 will now be a steady part of the Krissh series. What's more, all plans to make Hrithik's super-hero dance and sing have been dropped, because Vivek's super villain Kaal does none of that.Informs Rakesh Roshan, \"Hrithik's the super-hero won't sing and dance. Both Krissh and Kaal are pitched against one another in a very serious combat. Any attempt to change the equation would tilt the balance.\"Rakesh Roshan, speaking exclusively on Krissh 3 whose shooting, believe it or not, is almost done said, \"For the first there's another character in Krissh who is as powerful as Hrithik's character. And that's the super-villain played by Vivek.\"Rakesh neck-deep in post-production and the remaining fraction of the shooting, admits he had to work doubly hard to make sure the two characters of the super-hero and the super-villain remained balanced in the story. \"It wasn't just the super-hero. Hrithik also plays the hero Krishna and his father. So I had to balance three Hrithiks against one character of the villain.\"Informs the director, \"This time I had to work hard on establishing Vivek's character. He's a definite part of the franchise now. It makes sense to pitch Hrithik's super-hero against an equally powerful villain. We've left no stone unturned to ensure it looks like a battle between equals. There's no point in introducing an antagonist and then leaving the character half-finished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14578410", "title": "Lure of easy money drove them to immigration con", "text": "MOHALI: Dolly, 37, and her husband Deepak Arora, 42, were running a small sweet shop in Sector 23 market in Chandigarh around eight years ago and later a property business when Deepak decided to make easy money through immigration and consultancy companies in Mohali.Co-accused in the multi-crore immigration scam, Dolly revealed this during interrogation. A native of Hanumangarh district in Rajasthan, prime accused Deepak had moved to Chandigarh around 20 years ago and married Dolly, a native of Nawashahr. Police sources told TOI, \"The couple had to shut their sweet shop in Sector 23 after facing a huge loss. Though the woman claimed that her husband was also picked by Chandigarh Police in 2004-05, the claim is yet to be verified.\"At present, Dolly is being interrogated by cops of Zirakpur police station. SHO of Zirakpur Trelochan Singh said, \"In the property business, Deepak came in contact with Karandeep Singh, who is also a native of Rajasthan, near Hanumangarh district, and both of them started immigration and consultancy companies in phases V and VI, Mohali.\" Karandeep has been arrested along with their accomplice Dheeraj Arora. Both are lodged in Patiala central jail. Police sources said during the initial days of starting the business under the banner of Jet International Consultant and Jet International Placement, couple had sent hundreds of youths abroad successfully, but later started duping youngsters.The first FIR against the couple was registered when after closing both their offices, they had escaped in March, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14570927", "title": "Five die every day due to fall in pits, manholes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent case of five-year-old Mahi dying after falling into an abandoned bore well might have grabbed the nation's attention but every day, at least five people in India die in such incidents.Maharashtra recorded the maximum 451 people dying due to fall in pits/manholes in 2011 while among cities, Pune and Nasik, both in Maharashtra, were at the top in such accidents.According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report of 2011, 1,843 lives were lost in such accidents compared to 1,743 the previous year. Majority of the falls were fatal. These accidents were reported from all states barring Manipur, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura. Among states, Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and Rajasthan recorded high number of deaths while among Union Territories, Delhi topped the list with 20 fatalities.The report shows that although the maximum number of such falls was reported from Nasik (822), only 38 people died.In Pune, 80 people died in an equal number of accidental falls into pits/manholes.The NCRB report also pointed to another worrying trend of growing road deaths in the country, exposing how law enforcing agencies and road owning authorities have done little to make roads user friendly. In 2011, 4.40 lakh road accidents were reported leading to 1.37 lakh deaths. Surprisingly, the transport research wing (TRW) of the highways ministry, which brings out annual road fatality data, has reportedly recorded 1.44 lakh deaths in 2011.The latest NCRB data shows that Tamil Nadu had the maximum share of 15% of fatalities followed by Andhra Pradesh at 10.7%. The highest incidence of traffic accidents was reported in Chennai (9,845) which caused 1,399 deaths while Delhi recorded more deaths despite less number of accidents. In the national capital, 1,679 people died in 6,065 accidents and in Bangalore, the fatality was 720 in 6,031 accidents.Among states, in J&K;, UP, Nagaland and Punjab, every second accident death victim died in road accidents. While 64.9% of deaths were due to road accidents in J&K;, it was 53.1% in UP, much higher that the national average of 37.3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14596557", "title": "Ajith Billa 2 trailer launch function cancelled", "text": "It is a disappointing news for Ajith Kumar fans from the makers of Billa 2. Well, the trailer launch of function of Billa 2, which was planned to be organised today (July 2), has been cancelled following a dispute between the producers and distributors of the movie.Rumour mills are abuzz with the news that the disagreement over a financial deal between the producers and distributors have lead the movie bosses to cancel the event. However, now, it is said that the trailer will be directly released on a video-sharing site on internet by today evening. Nonetheless, there is not any official statement by the makers of the film.On the other end, the movie bosses are planning to start the Billa 2 promotions from tomorrow. The Ajith Kumar, Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah starrer movie will release worldwide on July 13 in multiple languages.Directed by Chakri Toleti, Billa 2 is produced by Suresh Balaje, George Pius and Sunir Khetrapal. It is a prequel to Billa, which was directed by Vishnuvardhan.Source: Kamal Haasan Sing For Tamil Movie HaridasThe playback singer in multifaceted Kamal Haasan needs no introduction; however he was last heard only in 2010 in 'Manmadhan Ambu'. The ace film star has now crooned a peppy number in 'Haridas'.It is said that the song's concept and Vijay Antony's tunes for the track is what that attracted Kamal the most before giving his nod for the project. GNR Kumaravelan has indeed managed to make several headlines by roping in Kamal Haasan as a playback singer for a track.'Haridas' featuring Kishore and Sneha is touted to throw light on the emotional conflicts between a 8-year old and his father. The film was recently in news as the crew got caught in rough waters. 'Haridas' will be Sneha's second release post her wedding, the first being 'Murattu Kaalai' that was shot ages ago.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14573904", "title": "FIEO to open Kochi office", "text": "KOCHI: The Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO), an apex body of export promotion organisations in India, will open an office in Kochi on July 7.The new office is part of the nodal body's strategy to focus on Kerala for increasing exports and achieve its ambitious national export target of $500 million by 2015. FIEO has been set up under the aegis of the ministry of gommerce, government of India.FIEO will focus on key sectors in the state with high revenue earning potential like information technology, healthcare services, agro processing, spices and marine exports, engineering and tourism. The Kochi office will focus on providing specialized services to industries in these categories.Chief Minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the new FIEO office, while Union minister of state for consumer affairs, food and public distribution Prof K V Thomas will be the special guest.Director general of foreign Ttade Anup K Pujari will be guest of honour. FIEO national president M Rafeeque Ahmed, southern regional chairman Walter D'Souza and director general &amp; CEO Ajay Sahai will also be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14601258", "title": "Safety of students in old school buildings worries Goa after incessant rains", "text": "PANAJI: With Goa three weeks into the academic year and incessant rains lashing the state, the education department has alerted its officers to be vigilant about safety of students studying in old school buildings.\"\"It was impressed upon the additional district education inspectors that headmasters be directed to ensure that immediate action be taken by them in case of unsafe buildings where schools are being run,\"\" director for education D P Dwivedi said.A circular to the education officers from the education department reads, \"\"Immediate action should be taken in case of unsafe school buildings so that maximum safety and security is ensured to the students as well as the staff members.\"\"A survey conducted of facilities in Goa schools by the Bharatiya Jain Sanghatana (BJS) for the state government last year had observed that many of the school buildings being constructed as early as 1961 they are in need repairs/expansion/renovation. The report observed the lack of compound gates in several cases.Due to slow progress in preparing of estimates for various civil works by the public works department funds to provided Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan for repair of school infrastructure has remained underutilized since 2007-08.According to the statistics of the union human resource development ministry, 4% rural primary schools in Goa are in need of major repairs and one percent urban primary schools require major renovation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14562665", "title": "I'm choosy about brands: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "CHENNAI: He's back in Chennai, a city he dearly loves, and while he is still basking in the glory of winning his fifth World Chess Championship, Viswanathan Anand, the quiet and unassuming chess wizard, took time out for a chat with CT on the road ahead, Brand Anand and much more.Things should be exciting after the World Chess Championship high...Life's been good. The fact that the recent Kings tournament in Romania got postponed is quite disappointing. It would have been my first major competition after the World Championship and I was looking forward to playing in it. Now, I'll have to cool my heels a little bit before I start getting back on track and prepare for the next set of tournaments. You can't live on the World Championship alone -- the other tournaments are important as well.Your thoughts on the ongoing Leander Paes-Mahesh Bhupathi issue in tennis...I've followed it, but it's hard to comment about personal issues without knowing what exactly happened. The only thing is that it seems to a big mistake that all this is happening now. If it had come out in March, there would have been a lot of time to solve matters behind close doors. Here, the real mistake is that everything was left too late.But isn't playing for your national team greater than personal issues?Well, the argument here is what a player wants in order to give his best and win -- you have to respect that as well.You recently signed on as the brand ambassador for a realty firm, the first south Indian company to do so. Are you looking at more endorsement deals?I've been open to the idea of taking up endorsement deals as long as I feel comfortable with the brand's value system.But considering you're the superstar in chess, you haven't done a lot of ads...I'm choosy about brands, maybe. When the right brand comes along, I'll be more than happy to do it.The Tamil Nadu government wants to introduce chess in schools as well...This initiative is wonderful. If they want my help in any regard in this connection, I'd be quite happy to offer it.Have you been following other sports as well?Of course! I was in Spain for a couple of weeks recently and was following the Euro Cup keenly. The whole tournament has been quite exciting. I also watched a bit of tennis recently.What about watching any of the recent films...Not yet. I've a lot of catching up to do, I guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14592514", "title": "This Punjab farmer bats for cheaper intoxicant", "text": "AMRITSAR: A progressive farmer of Punjab is batting for a cheaper intoxicant over heroin and liquor. He has demanded from the state government for allowing the licensed cultivation of poppy for the production of opium in the state.According to him opium is not only a cheaper substitute of expensive drugs but is a 'healthier intoxicant' with various medicinal properties.Resident of Chohla Sahib in Tarn Taran district Baba Balkar Singh Dhillon told TOI on Monday that since all efforts, both of government and NGO's, have not yielded desirable results in their drug de-addiction drive so why not provide a cheap and healthier drug to the addicts. \"Drug addicts still purchase liquor, smack, heroin and other harmful intoxicants and spend anything from around Rs 60 to Rs 1000 per day for their daily quota of drugs so why not provide them with a cheaper alternative which is times tested also\" he said.Emphasizing on the medicinal properties of opium he said that opium was cultivated for more than 5000 years for its use as medicine especially as a pain killer. He asked, \"What is the harm in its legal cultivation?\"He informed that he has formed a 'Samaj Bachao Mission Committee, Punjab' and had enrolled more than 1.25 lakh members who also wanted state government to allow them legal poppy cultivation and licenses for selling opium.\"This is true that I am not asking people to leave drugs but to switch over to a cheaper and safe drug which will not only be beneficial for addicts but will also give an opportunity to the farmers of state to come out of vicious circle of wheat paddy cultivation,\" he said.He said he had written letters to Prime Minister, chairman National Human Rights Commission , Punjab chief minister regarding his demand.A close associate of Dhillon, Manjit Singh said that Balkar had spent around Rs 20 lakh alone on his advertisement campaign. He also distributed membership forms for Samaj Bhachao Mission Committee through advertisements.Balkar Singh, a baptized Sikh who owns around 100 acres of land said he had surveyed the states where poppy cultivation was legal and have found that addicts who consume opium were less involved in crime than those who consume liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14576253", "title": "Nepali national held for stealing motorcycle", "text": "PANAJI: Porvorim Police on Sunday arrested Nepali national Alexendar Dorji for allegedly stealing a motor cycle registered at Panaji, and recovered one Yamaha bike worth 12,000.Police sources said tghat they led the accused into a trap and arrested him in Porvorim, after receiving information from reliable sources.They also said that the accused was working as a cook at fast-food corners in various places in Goa, and for the past eight months, he was riding the bike which he stole from Panaji. So far, the accused has committed theft of four two -wheelers.\"The accused had been convicted in two cases and the modus operandi of the accused is that once he is released from jail after completing his punishment, he commits theft of motorcycles for personal use\", police said.The Porvorim police arrest him under Section 41 CrPC and handed him over to the Panaji police. \"Panji police took the custody of accused\", they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14566796", "title": "BPO sector calls for rebranding its offerings", "text": "BANGALORE: The surging popularity of Philippines as a destination for business process outsourcing (BPO), and the somewhat tepid growth of the BPO business within India have persuaded the industry that it requires a serious rebranding.BPO began as a voice-based (call centre), cost arbitrage story. But over the years it has migrated to a high-value, knowledge-based industry supporting global clients across multiple domains. The army of agents who only lent their voice to the industry has transformed into domain experts, specialists and analysts, turning BPOs from stop-gap options for employees to full-fledged career choices.Yet, the industry feels these changes have not been fully appreciated or understood, both in India and overseas. \"With global competition for BPO work hotting up, India needs to re-brand the industry, to make it attractive to prospective employees and more importantly to college teachers and parents (since they exert significant influence on children's career choices),\" says Keshav Murugesh, group CEO of BPO company WNS.The Philippines government has done some good branding for the BPO business, and it is now the world's leading contact centre destination. The industry there is also now a preferred career choice for youngsters.In India, the industry feels a curriculum needs to be developed specifically for BPOs, and college teachers need to be trained for that. BPOs today employ domain experts in areas like financial accounting and legal, specialists in analytics, professionals like doctors, PhDs, chartered accountants, tax consultants and lawyers. Even in the call centre business, the level of complexity that is now handled is significant - no longer is it just people making sales calls randomly. India produces the specialists required for such work in very large numbers, but many remain somewhat wary of the 'BPO' tag. In recent years, the industry has also not grown the way IT has. In the last financial year, Infosys BPO grew by 13%, compared to the company's overall growth of 22%, and WNS by just 5.8%.Aman Mustafa, country head of ACS, a Xerox company, says many US clients feel India is the ideal destination for high-end data services. \"Some clients who came to India for data entry work are suddenly realizing that we are good at cutting edge analytics. Every BPO leader will have many such stories to share. But no one advertises for Indian BPO. Even our small and medium towns have enough talent that can take up high-end knowledge processes,\" he says.Maturing BPO relationships and the consequent increased confidence in BPO service providers is also leading to enhanced expectations from the customers. They are no longer content with just high quality delivery, but are asking for increased value. \"At the same time, we have technological disruptions around cloud, social media, mobility, security. The result is that you have tremendous complexity and breadth of these services and solutions that require new delivery models and repositioning of BPO service providers,\" says Ashutosh Vaidya, global delivery officer (applications &amp; BPO) in Dell Services. \"There is also an urgent need to rebrand our offerings to attract and nurture talent across a broad range of profiles and provide opportunities to specialize within these offerings,\" he adds.V Bharathwaj, who has over 10 years of experience with the BPO industry, says in the first 10 years, the industry had focused on growth and scale. \"In the last few years, the industry has stopped growing. Only a perception correction can propel the next level of growth. Since 2009, the Indian BPO brand has been diminishing in its equity and image,\" he says. Raman Roy, CMD of Quattro BPO Solutions and considered the father of Indian BPO, says a rebranding is critical in the context of career development.A few years ago there were plans to rebrand the BPO business and companies were asked by industry body Nasscom to contribute up to a $1 million to fund the initiative. But some feel Nasscom has done little so far in terms of lobbying or brand building. \"Like in the Philippines, we need a strong independent body to support the cause of the Industry, outside the purview of IT,\" says one BPO expert who did not want to be named.KS Viswanathan, vice-president (industry initiative), Nasscom, agrees the industry has not yet communicated the kind of work they are doing today to the external world. \"Employees too continue to perceive the old paradigm. We are looking at focusing on better communication. Customized communication is required to reach out to each and every stakeholder effectively. All the 35 members of the Nasscom BPO Forum are in favour of creating a new branding perception,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595468", "title": "Discover Odisha\u2019s \u2018sweet\u2019 magic", "text": "Odisha offers a host of mouth-watering sweets which can take you on a delightful gourmet journeyOdisha, the Land of Jagannath, is known for its subtle cuisine. The food is neither spicy nor bland. The subtle taste of Odiya cuisine can soothe your senses. Odisha is also famous for its wide variety of sweets. In many households, sweets are savoured on a daily basis. In Odisha, when you visit a friend or a relative, you always carry a box of sweets.Rasagulla is the most common sweet available in all parts of the state. According to some food historians, rasagulla originated in Odisha, where it is known by its original name, khirmohana. Even though rasagulla is available in every nook and corner of the state, a small stretch on the Cuttack Bhubaneswar National Highway No 5, known as Pahal, is famous for rasagullas. If you are visiting Odisha, don't miss having your fill of rasagulla at Pahal. Rows and rowns of shops sell this melt-in-mouth cheese ball soaked in sugar syrup.Pop a hot rasagulla and there are chances that you will experience a slice of gourmet heaven. At Pahala, you can also have other sweets like chhennapoda and chhenagaja. Interestingly, now you can also get baked rasagulla in Odisha.Apart from rasagulla, chhennapoda is Odisha's signature sweet dish. It's absolutely delicious. This mouth-watering sweet from Odisha literally means burnt cheese. It can be called as the king of Odisha sweets. It's made by baking homemade paneer till it turns a lovely brown on the top. The cheese is baked in such a way that it absorbs the sugar, cashew nuts, and raisins. In the end what you get is a soft cake made of cheese with a layer of caramelization.What makes this dish so special and so very delicious? The caramelization is the USP of this. The chennapoda is wrapped in the leaves of the Sal tree and then baked in a charcoal oven for almost four hours. Red hot coal is put on top of the dough so that the chennapoda develops a delicious crust. Even though now in many households, people are making the chennapoda in microwaves, but the most sublime taste comes when you bake it in an earthen oven. Nothing can beat the taste of a chennapoda baked that way.The other famous sweet dishes of Odisha are, chenna gaja (deep fried cheese soaked in sugar syrup), chenna jhili (fried cheese in sugar syrup), chenna jhilapi (A jalebi made with cheese), malai chop (a delicious melt-in-mouth sweet dish with generous servings of malai on the top) and lots more. In fact, when you are in Odisha, you are spoilt for choice so far as sweets are concerned.So, what are you waiting for? Just plan a trip to Odisha and enjoy the 'sweet' fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577625", "title": "4-laning of NH-209 polarises traders, activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: The four-laning of the National Highway-209 from Coimbatore to Pollachi has polarised public opinion. Despite repeated denials from authorities, the project seems destined for a long delay and traders, especially in Ukkadam, Athupalam and Karumbukadai, are opposing the widening of the road as it will affect their business.But activists, politicians and environmentalists welcome the project, even as they raise sharp questions about the way it is being executed. While traders whose shops are located close to the highway will lose valuable store space when the road is widened, activists point to the urgent need to regulate traffic and ensure its smooth flow.S Abbas of Karumbukadai All Traders' Association said the highways department was demolishing buildings every two years to expand the road. \"The Karumbukadai to Athupalam road needs no widening. It is enough if the road is cleared at both ends. The highways department has to realise that our business is getting affected by its activities,\" he said.But traders like OPM Devarajan, 40, point out that if businessmen had followed rules from the beginning they would not be in trouble now. \"If the instruction is to build shops 40 feet from the road, many had built them till the edge of the road. They will now stand to lose their store space,\" he said. Devarajan runs a hardware store in Malumatchampatti.But many activists do not share this opinion. \"We welcome the project in principle, but we have certain conditions. The project is not oriented towards the people and the highways department does it according to its convenience alone,\" said Mekson Balu, an activist and Pollachi-based trader.He said the national highway should pass through a by-pass outside Pollachi without entering town, as major vehicles and tourists can avoid the city. Balu said the by-pass could start from Achipatti and end in Ungalampatti, passing through Puliyampatti.\"The way in which the work is being implemented is perplexing. Ditches are dug in Pollachi while other preliminary works are being done in Kinathukadavu. When we enquired, we found out that this is being done because government funds for the project are released in phases. But if whole stretches of the road is laid, at least people in those parts will benefit,\" he said.Kinathukadavu MLA S Damodaran said property worth crores of rupees and an ancient temple would be destroyed if the NH-209 is expanded in his constituency.He said he had demanded a by-pass that will exclude the town and pass outside it. \"I have raised this issue in the assembly and represented the matter with the highways department. The MP has also spoken about this in Parliament. We hope the by-pass will be built,\" he said.Sulakkal panchayat vice-president tried to put the issue in perspective. \"If the road is built outside cities and towns, farmers will lose their land. If it runs through congested areas, traders will lose their shops and houses will be razed. But the road is a necessary evil and we want it. But the highways department should make it clear exactly how much land each person will lose. While rumours are doing the rounds, people have not received anything in writing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chilakapalem (srikakulam)", "code": "14566001", "title": "\u2018Reactor lacked safety rupture disc\u2019", "text": "CHILAKAPALEM (SRIKAKULAM): Was it negligence on the part of NACL management that led to the blast? Workers, people of nearby villages and civic organisations say yes. They allege that there was no safety equipment in the fifth block of the new unit in which a reactor exploded on Saturday.According to experts, there were no control valve and safety rupture disc in the reactor, which exploded following increased temperature. \"There was not even a single hydraulic ladder for the convenience of workers to get down even as the fire was raging in the unit,\" a worker recalled. Joint chief inspector of factories D Chandra Sekhar Varma, who visited the blast site on Sunday, found that the plant lacked sufficient safety measures.\"The company conducted public hearing for the plant at the collectorate in Srikakulam and not in the village. The management launched the new unit without holding a public hearing,\" a villager alleged. But the plant authorities claimed that the new building was an extension of the old unit.Former TDP MP K Yerrannaidu demanded that authorities review the safety aspects in the plant and said government must carry out periodic inspections in all the industries. However, denying the charges that safety norms were being ignored at the plant, NACL representative Mangalakar told TOI that all the safety equipment and a huge water sump of more than 10,000 litre capacity were in place in the factory.Sources said that employees were testing 'myclo vutanyl', which is used as a pesticide in the agricultural sector, when the blast occurred. Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and trizol mixture of 8,000 litres in the reactor was tested by night shift employees and the sample sent to the lab. The lab reportedly was not satisfied with the results and the morning batch employees were testing the compound again.During the process, temperature in the reactor shot up to more than 150 degrees centigrade. The block in-charge noticed it and tried to address the problem but it exploded before he could take any action. The fifth block has about 30 reactors and tanks, sources said. A majority of the workers were on tea break during the incident. \"Had all the workers been present at the time of the blast, it could have led to fatalities. Eighteen workers got injured as splinters from glasspanes struck them,\" a worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaj", "code": "14575062", "title": "Small Scale Industries Development Corporation to sell steel, electricity conductors", "text": "Panaj: Arts and crafts are good for show, but it is steel that brings in the profits. Faced with plummeting profits, the government-run Goa Handicrafts Rural and Small Scale Industries Development Corporation ( GHRSSIDC) Limited, is trying to revive its earlier activity of selling steel and electricity conductors.GHRSSIDC's new chairman and Ponda MGP MLA Lavoo Mamledar told TOI that he has written to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to enforce a cabinet decision of 1993 making it mandatory for all PWD contractors in Goa to buy at least 50% of their steel requirement from the handicrafts corporation. Mamledar has also written to PWD minister and party colleague Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar to support his request. Mamledar said that Parrikar and Dhavalikar have agreed.Mamledar said the corporation is a dealer for the Steel Authority of India and other steel manufacturers. Also, the corporation was making 80% of its profits from the sale of steel to PWD contractors. But about six years ago, the contractors stopped buying from the corporation on the grounds that the corporation was not giving them credit facilities.Besides steel, the corporation also wants to revive and boost its sale of electricity conductors to the electricity department. This dropped sharply because the corporation's two suppliers got into litigation with one another and the matter is in court. But Mamledar has worked out a solution and is sure of sorting out the issue soon.These new steps were necessary because the corporation is hardly making profits in the manufacture and sales of handicrafts. The corporation has 10 emporia in Goa and one in New Delhi. Although the corporation registered a sales turnover of 36.82 crore during 2011-2012, its profits are \"negative\". One reason is much money goes into payment of salaries and the problem is worsened by implementation of the sixth pay commission recommendations.But Mamledar is confident of steering the corporation out of the red. This is because he says the chief minister has already given his in-principle nod to the corporation to sell steel to PWD contractors. The arithmetic is simple; the present price of steel is around 45,000 per ton. Even if the corporation sells 5,000 tonnes, it would be laughing all the way to the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh/mohali", "code": "14578352", "title": "Dogged by frequent, long power cuts people fume", "text": "CHANDIGARH/MOHALI: Power cuts continue to make Mohali and Chandigarh residents' lives miserable. Mohali electricity department said, \"We are imposing scheduled cuts from 1pm to 2pm and 9pm to 10pm. Unscheduled cuts are imposed in case of problems like overloading.\" On what they were doing to solve the problem, the officials said they could do nothing other than imposing scheduled cuts to deal with power shortage.With the summer at its peak, cuts are leaving residents hot under the collar. \"Power shortage has made life difficult. The scheduled cuts are not fixed. Nowadays, there is a cut from 9pm to 11pm and 12pm to 2pm every day. Apart from this, supply is regularly suspended many a time. And this has been going on since a month. With the situation turning from bad to worse, we a few days ago bought a generator,\" said Jyouti Puri of Phase VIII.The scene is no better in Chandigarh too. There was no power on Sunday morning in Sector 8. And sectors 18 and 19 face many cuts every day.\"Power cut is a major problem in our Sector. Every day, we suffer many half-an-hour cuts,\" said Vijay Asthiwal of Sector 18. In Maloya, too, the cuts are long. Seema Gupta of Maloya said, \"Our area has been facing power shortage since three months. And the supply is suspended at any time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14574939", "title": "BJP in a bind over Yeddyurappa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP leadership has conveyed to former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa that he cannot be reinstated to the post now in view of the graft cases against him. However, the party cannot afford to do without the Lingayat leader's considerable clout if it has to retain power in the state that goes into polls next year. Therefore, whatever resolution the party arrives at to untangle the Karnataka mess, it will have to ensure that Yeddyurrappa is not left unhappy.Claiming that there is no real crisis in Karnataka, senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said, \"There is no crisis in Karnataka. All problems that have occurred will be fully resolved.\"Meanwhile, chief minister Sadananda Gowda will arrive here on Monday to attend Gadkari's son's wedding reception and will also attend a meeting of chief ministers at party veteran L K Advani's residence where the strategy for the presidential election will be discussed.In Gujarat, while BJP has little option but to toe the Narendra Modi line, leaving little space for former CM Keshubhai Patel's demands to be met, the party would not want him to leave the fold. The leadership is therefore talking to Patel to try and convince him to not to quit BJP.While he may be a cause for irritation to the leadership, the BJP will have to consider whether the former CM can cause greater disturbance for the Modi government if he is out of the party, in a year that Modi will seek a mandate for the third consecutive term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598130", "title": "Kamal Haasan sing for Tamil movie Haridas", "text": "The playback singer in multifaceted Kamal Haasan needs no introduction; however he was last heard only in 2010 in 'Manmadhan Ambu'. The ace film star has now crooned a peppy number in 'Haridas'.It is said that the song's concept and Vijay Antony's tunes for the track is what that attracted Kamal the most before giving his nod for the project. GNR Kumaravelan has indeed managed to make several headlines by roping in Kamal Haasan as a playback singer for a track.' Haridas ' featuring Kishore and Sneha is touted to throw light on the emotional conflicts between a 8-year old and his father. The film was recently in news as the crew got caught in rough waters. 'Haridas' will be Sneha's second release post her wedding, the first being ' Murattu Kaalai ' that was shot ages ago.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14565975", "title": "Guntur market yard gets new head", "text": "GUNTUR: In a controversial decision, the state government has appointed special grade marketing secretary Narahari as head of the Guntur agriculture committee, to fill the vacancy after the retirement of incumbent secretary Harinarayana.While the Guntur market yard secretary post is equivalent to a joint director rank, Narahari holds only an assistant director rank. Narahari, who was working as secretary of the market committee at Tiruvur in Krishna, has quietly joined the post, sources said. The government reportedly ignored five senior officials and made Narahari as the market yard chief. Sources said that a senior Congress leader pulled the strings for Narahari.With a turnover of over Rs 150 crore, Guntur yard is one of the richest agriculture market yards in the country. \"The appointment is a clear violation of the rules,\" a senior marketing official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14573507", "title": "Election reforms: Election Commission proposes, Central government disposes", "text": "LUCKNOW: If the number of reminders sent by the Election Commission (EC) to the Central government on poll reforms is anything to go by, the successive regimes have lacked the political will to implement them. Leave alone the UPA, even the NDA government did little to take up poll reforms. In fact, former chief election commissioner SY Quraishi was able to persuade the government to draft electoral reform bill aimed to decriminalize election and bring transparency in political funding among other things, but it is pending for last one-and-a-half year and has not been introduced in parliament.Quraishi's letter to prime minister Manmohan Singh , obtained under the RTI Act, comes as an eye-opener. The commission has recommended 22 poll reforms since 1992 till 2011. And, despite reiterating the reforms, from time to time, EC failed to push for the same.In his letter dated April 13, 2012, Quraishi placed before the Prime Minister, \"commission's deep disappointment over the fact that a necessary legislation with respect to long pending electoral proposals is yet to be materialized despite an assurance given by the Minister of Law and Justice\". He further said that though certain minor reforms have been adopted by government and Parliament, the substantial ones have been left out allowing the allegations that politicians are not keen about the reforms because of their vested interest.The information provided in response to an RTI query by RTI activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal, shows the commission has reiterated every single poll reform proposed, but nothing much has been done so far.RTI queries also reveal that when asked about electoral reforms under consideration and steps taken to implement the reforms, Ministry of Law and Justice said, \"that with a view to carrying out comprehensive electoral reforms, a Core-Committee has been constituted on October 1, 2010 under the chairmanship of an additional solicitor general\".Seven regional consultations have been held and an all-party consultation is also under consideration, legislative processes as may be considered necessary will be initiated by the government in due course\".The reforms address several lacunae that exist in the country's election system. To begin with, the reform to de-criminalize politics was proposed on July 15, 1998. EC recommended disqualifying (from contesting elections) a person against whom charges have been framed by a court for an offence punishable by imprisonment of five years or more. While the existing law disqualifies a person only after he is convicted and sentenced to imprisonment of two years or more, EC recommended disqualifying a person prior to conviction, provided the court has framed charges. The commission re-sent the proposals thrice, in November 1999, July 2004 and October 2006.The proposal has since been moderated to only include charges framed in a court and that too before six months. \"The commission strongly feels that when thousands of undertrial accused are denied even some fundamental rights, besides the right to vote, it is high time that those with severe criminal charges are debarred from contesting,\" said Quraishi in his letter.The commission also demanded powers to regulate registration and de-registration of political parties, on July 15, 1998 when the NDA was on power . The recommendation was reiterated thrice, in July 2004 and March and July 2006. Many of these registered unrecognised parties do not have serious interest in contesting elections, still they avail income tax exemptions on donations.The proposal on providing voters the NOTA (None of the Above) option has been waiting in wings since December 10, 2001. EC recommended it again in July 2004. NOTA enables a voter to reject all candidates if he so desires and also ensure secrecy of his decision.In order to prevent intimidation and post-election victimization of electors, the commission proposed using totalizers to calculate votes polled in a group of 14 EVMs together as against the present practice of counting votes for each and every per polling station. This will not reveal trend of polling in individual polling station and voters might not have to face the ire of candidates. The proposal was made on November 2008 and was referred to a parliamentary committee in 2009.EC, in February 1992, recommended to make electoral offences, like publishing false statements about elections with an intention to affect the result or promoting election prospects of a candidate, cognizable. In one of the recent recommendations, commission suggested that there should be a proper follow-up action in complaints against candidates filing false affidavits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14590135", "title": "5 CRPF recruits faint, hospitalized in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: Five recruits of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) were hospitalized after they fainted while they were running a 16km long cross country run, at Pinjore, near here on Monday morning.Condition of three out of five was critical. They were referred to PGIMER Chandigarh. Loss of necessary salts, fluids in the body due to scorching heat and body temperature is suspected to have resulted into the incident, medicos who administered the first aid treatment to ailing recruits at Panchkula's civil hospital, said.Though a woman doctor from CRPF group camp and an officer accompanying her at hospital refused to comment. But other CRPF men accompanying ailing men confirmed that they fell due to running.\"They are recruits of general duty and cross country was part of their mid training test,\" said an official.Enquiries revealed that the recruits had started fainting after they covered 3 kilometers of run. Those who were normal were given treatment at Group training centre's hospital. Condition of Arjun, Manoj, Sameer, Feroz Khan and Mukesh was serious they were rushed to civil hospital of Panchkula.Meanwhile, health of Arjun, Manoj and Sameer deteriorated, doctors referred them to PGI Chandigarh. \"These three required an emergency treatment in AC wards and expert advice,\" a medical officer informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14577859", "title": "Heli-taxi likely to take wing this month", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The much awaited heli-taxi likely to take wings this month due to assembly elections sheduled this year. The government is aimed to inaugurate this service in BJP regime, for which administration has started jostling, despite the fact that land for the helipad is yet to seek approval from the forest department in Himani Chamunda. Moreover, there is no supply of drinking water there and facilities are also scanty for tourists.Heli-Taxi service is to be operated between Dadh near here to the ancient temple Himani Chamunda, which is situated at a height of 10,000 ft from the sea level in the Dhauladhar hills of the Kangra valley.The administration has held a meeting on Saturday to review the take-off site in Dadh near Chamunda. While an airline company took trials on Sunday, for the fitness of the site, but reports are yet to be received, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14567776", "title": "Showing the organic way", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dressed in a white kurta-pyjama Hukum Chand Patidar is no ordinary farmer. He has been practising organic farming for quite some time now but his 15 minutes of fame came when he was recently invited by actor Aamir Khan to his chat show.Khan called him to the show to highlight how an organic farmer can produce better and more quantity than those involved in chemical intensive farming. On Sunday, Patidar came all the way from a village near Jhalawar, Rajasthan to the capital to address urban consumers about impact of pesticide residues on health.He and many other farmers, agricultural scientists, consumers, RWAs under the banner of Delhi Alliance for Safe Food had organized a weekend organic mela at Dilli Haat. The mela is part of a series of events as part of the 'India for Safe Food' campaign against pesticide residues in food. The campaign will send petitions to Union agriculture minister, Sharad Pawar demanding toxic-chemical free food for all.\"I was a conventional farmer till 2004. That year something dramatic happened in my farm. Many peacocks and animals at the farm started dying. I realized it was the pesticide that may have poisoned them. I was using a lot of monocrotophos which is very toxic for birds, and Endosulfan. I felt very guilty and the event completely changed the course of my work,\" recollects Patidar.Customers thronged to the stalls at the mela, but most said that organic products is expensive . \"We are very concerned about pesticide residues and their health impacts but organic food is not as easily available. It's also expensive. The government should subsidise organic produce\" said Neena Jain.However, member organizations of Delhi Alliance for Safe Food say there is an increase in demand for organic food in Delhi.\"The demand has gone up in the past few years. Globally the organic market is growing at over 300%. Even in Delhi, it's not a niche segment anymore \" said Ajay Mahajan, a member of the alliance and of Beej Bachao Andolan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14575106", "title": "Montek wants hike in diesel, LPG prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia has backed an increase in the prices of diesel and cooking gas apart from easing the rules for foreign direct investment (FDI) in civil aviation and retail, while maintaining that the finance ministry under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would quickly \"resolve uncertainty among investors\".Ahluwalia, a long-time aide of the PM, told a TV channel that foreign investors should be reassured on the proposed general anti-avoidance rules (GAAR) and that retrospective tax amendments, such as those which will hit Vodafone with a Rs 13,000 crore tax demand, would be used in the rarest of rare cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594120", "title": "I have become greedy: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Ever since he has given hits like The Dirty Picture, Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji, Murder 2 and Jannat 2, Emraan Hashmi, wants more. The actor says, \"I have become greedy. I crave for more. But I don't take success or failure too seriously. And I am getting greedier with the success of every film,\" Emraan smiles.Emraan says that box office is always under scrutiny. \"But any kind of growth is great. At the same time I don't want to take success for granted and be complacent about things.\"Having the experience of working in over 20 odd films, Emraan feels he has yet a lot to learn. \"I still make mistakes and learn,\" he says matter-of-factly. \"The one thing that I learnt from The Dirty Picture is that a film need not necessarily be playing on the front wicket. It is a film that dared. It was a film with a rebellious subject. It was a film that does not try to be something else. Yet the confidence came across on the screen. The audience accepted it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14591300", "title": "'The Amazing Spider-Man' scores biggest opener in India", "text": "Sony's 'The Amazing Spider-Man', the superhero reboot which gave the jump to moviegoers in India, Korea, Japan and elsewhere on Friday, grossed an estimated 50.2 million dollars in 13 overseas markets this weekend.U.S.-based Spider-Man fans won't be able to catch the film Stateside until midnight Tuesday at the earliest.In India, the movie scored the biggest opening ever for a Hollywood film, its studio said.In Korea, the reboot bested the debut there of 'The Avengers'.In Japan, it accounted for nearly all of the country's Saturday and Sunday ticket sales.Most promising for 'The Amazing Spider-Man' is that its international debut earned better-than-favorable comparisons to the franchise's 'Tobey Maguire' era.In India and Korea, the Andrew Garfield-Emma Stone reboot outdid the respective opening weekends of 'Spider-Man 3'.In Vietnam, the movie outgrossed the entire run of the same sequel.\"For whatever reason, the [original] Spider-Man trilogy never performed quite as dominantly in the international marketplace,\" E!Online quoted David Mumpower of Box Office Prophets as saying in an email.\"...For The Amazing Spider-Man to launch like this internationally is a tremendous relief for Sony,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594919", "title": "Milla Jovovich inspired by Hurley's 'safety pin' gown", "text": "Model-turned-actress Milla Jovovich caused a stir after she stepped out in a daring dress similar to Elizabeth Hurley's 1994 black Versace gown, which was fastened together with large safety pins in 1994, at a fashion show.All eyes shifted to the 36-year-old in Paris on Sunday when she arrived at the Atelier Versace fashion show in the peek-a-boo black dress held together with metal rings.The mother-of-one completed her look with natural make-up and an elegant black clutch bag.It's likely that the 'Resident Evil' star was inspired by Hurley's fashion forward frock, which she wore to the premiere of 'Four Weddings and a Funeral' with then boyfriend Hugh Grant.Hurley's dress has since earned a page in fashion history and was hailed as the greatest red carpet gown of all time in 2008 by UK department store Debenhams.\"Liz Hurley's daring safety pin dress is one of the most famous black dresses worn on the red carpet, which made her a household name overnight,\" the Daily mail quoted a spokeswoman for Debenhams as saying at the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14587958", "title": "Suneil, Ranbir's bonding on filming location", "text": "He was a ten-year-old boy when Suniel Shetty made his Bollywood debut with Balwaan. And thus, when Ranbir Kapoor spotted the 90s' action star shooting on the adjacent floor of a city studio, he couldn't resist paying him a visit.Ranbir was busy wrapping up the last day's shoot of Anurag Basu's Barfi! while Suniel was there to film a promotional song for his upcoming release Mere Dost, Picture Abhi Baki Hai, when they met.An eyewitness told us, \"Ranbir was shooting on the first floor. He spotted Suniel, who waved out to the younger actor. Ranbir finished his shoot fast and rushed to meet Suniel. They chatted for a long time. Suniel looked quite fond of the younger actor. They wished each other luck for their upcoming films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573915", "title": "Man murdered over property dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: A man in his mid-thirties was found burned to death at Gada village in Ajni on Sunday morning. The deceased, identified as Kailash Dongre, is a resident of Savitribai Phule Nagar on Manewada Road. Kamptee police have registered a case of murder and destroying of evidence against six, including a woman, after the matter was reported to them.It is learnt that Dongre was missing from his home for a couple of days. His body was found in the rural area. Police managed to establish his identity after contacting relatives. Dongre is likely to have been killed over a property dispute. Names of Anand Thakre, Sunil Narnaware, Gulab Patil, Sanjay Godke, Vijay Godke and Maya Godke were included as suspects in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571292", "title": "More discounts and less hassle make sites a hit", "text": "KOLKATA: Online shopping has ushered in a new era in the lives of young college- and office-goers. They end up buying all their necessary and not-so necessary items from online sites. With the options of cash-on-delivery, these sites have become all the more acceptable to many people.Edison Diego Antony, an engineering student who is going to apply for his post-graduation in Australia, finds online shopping decent for buying shoes, games and hardware. \"I and my brother often shop online and prefer cash-on-delivery mode for payment since it is safer than paying through credit cards,\" he said.Edison is one among many students and young professionals who find online shopping the easiest way out in their hectic schedule.A young professional, Vivek Bajaj, who got hooked on online shopping a year ago, finds it an easy way of shopping without stepping out of home or office. \"These sites offer good discounts and I frequent them to check out what is on offer,\" he said. He has purchased phones and perfumes from online sites.Sameek Ghosh has taken to this habit of online shopping for similar reasons. \"I mostly buy books, CDs, DVDs from various online shopping sites. I am quite satisfied with those stuff. But I am not so satisfied with a bag that I recently bought.\"Annesh Bilas Thakur, a postgraduate film studies student at Jadavpur University, shops online for books and hardware like pen-drives and hard disks. \"I do not believe in buying shoes or clothes online as the quality might not be that good,\" said Annesh. For him, Flipkart is a one-stop solution for all his shopping. He prefers cash-on-delivery than credit card payments. \"Cash on delivery brings a lot of credibility. Not to mention that it is an easier way of stopping phishing sites from hacking your debit or credit card pin,\" he said.Shilika Roy, a mass communication and videography student at St Xavier's College, likes to buy books online. \"One of my aunts buys a lot of stuff from these shopping sites. She shops like this at least once a month and buys stuff like cushion covers, clothes and handicrafts,\" she said. She picked up her online buying habit from her aunt. Shilika and her aunt prefer cash-on-delivery as it is always safe and appropriate for lesser amounts. No shipment costs and quick delivery is what attracts these buyers.\"I buy shoes, clothes, pen-drives, bags and perfumes on these shopping sites. I prefer cash-on-delivery. Shopping online is fun as I often indulge in window shopping, too,\" smiled 23-year-old Vishakha Tiwari, an English honors student at Bhowanipore College.\"I buy stuff from UrbanTouch because you get a lot of things which are not available in the market and they are cheaper, too,\" said freelance film-maker Ahmareen Anjum,Jason Mendes, a senior executive at an IT company, prefers shopping online as he rarely gets any time to go and shop in a market. \"I generally shop online for shoes, clothes and hardware and prefer paying cash on delivery. There are times when some collection goes out of stock in the market but are still available online,\" said Jason.Somak Mitra finds online shopping hassle free. \"Less hassle, more discounts, availability of cash-on-delivery and replacement guarantees are what's good about these online shopping websites,\" he said. Somak is a mass communication graduate from St Xavier's College who buys books and computer hardware online.Pankhuri Agarwal, an engineer at Tata Consultancy Services , loves buying perfumes, shoes and clothes from these online shopping websites. \"I buy a lot of stuff on websites like Fashion and You, SnapDeal, etc. You can search for a lot of things and then choose exactly what you want,\" said Pankhuri, who prefers credit card payment. \"For me, credit card payment is better as I am often not at home. When the delivery arrives, anybody can collect it at home,\" she explained.Debabrata Bhattacharya, an advertising executive, buys pen-drives, watches and books on websites like Jabong and Snapdeal: \"I buy things online very often as I hardly get time to got out and shop. Once I tried buying a cellphone online, but gave up the idea as it is better to buy expensive stuff at shops. Online shopping is good for buying cheap stuff,\" said Bhattacharya. Hassle-free and quick delivery is what interests him to shop online.Ankita Chandak, a chartered accountant from Howrah, is an occasional shopper and looks regularly for offer coupons on the websites. \"I once bought a handbag online. But I generally search for the coupons. They come up with coupons for yoga classes and hair salons very often and I use these on a regular basis,\" said Ankita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14569669", "title": "Gadgets &amp; gyaan to grab ghosts in Gurgaon", "text": "Hunting for spirits is difficult business in India. In a superstitious country where people use lemon-chilli or sindoor to keep evil spirits at bay, an electromagnetic spirit recorder to connect with the afterlife is almost blasphemous.But that's what 28-year-old Gaurav Tiwari specializes in. Ever since he set up the Indian Paranormal Society (IPS), he's been dodging 'spells, ghosts and goblins' from local tantriks. IPS claims to be the only organized group in India which tracks and researches supernatural experiences. It has 34 investigators who use gadgets to monitor \"strange phenomenon\" and communicate with spirits. These include digital EMF meters to detect the electromagnetic field, laser IR thermometers to gauge sudden temperature changes (spirits take energy from surroundings and this can lead to a drop or rise in immediate conditions) and EVP recorders which record disembodied voices.\"When we receive a complaint, we analyze the incident at the client's place using various aspects of science like electromagnetic fields, geomagnetic impact, temperature and humidity. We note all the reasons that could trigger hallucination. If we feel there's no scientific/natural reason for the haunting, we begin our vigil there by trying to communicate with the spirit. If we find any activity that can't be replicated in a lab or be explained scientifically, we call it paranormal,\" says Tiwari.Pre-conceived notions often play a role in making people hallucinate. Tiwari mentions that they have come across several incidents in Gurgaon where clients had called them to trace spirits but they have failed to do so. \"We got a call from a woman in Sector 14 in Gurgaon who said that she could sense the presence of a spirit in her kitchen. She would see shadows and feel that someone is keeping a watch on her. However, when we went to investigate, we realized that there was a ventilator in the kitchen and with changing sunlight, shadows of birds etc will fall. There were no spirts,\" says Tiwari.But what happens when they actually find a spirit? \"We try to establish contact with our gadgets. We also instill courage and belief in our clients that the presence of paranormal forces is not a recipe for disaster. It's a myth that spirits are attempting to harm humans,\" says Tiwari.At times even paranormal investigators get perplexed. \"There was this call centre in Gurgaon, Udyog Vihar, phase1 which has now shut down. We got a call from a BPO employee who said that they have felt the presence of spirits in the building. It was especially so in the roof of the building. Then we heard another strange, spooky story. A female employee of the office had apparently joined back after 15-20 days leave and she kept coming for about 2-3 days when a colleague of hers called her home for some work and discovered that the girl had passed away some 20 days back. Immediately after the news spread, the woman, or whoever it was, stopped coming to office. This was an incident which left many shocked,\" says Tiwari.He said that when their team finally went to investigate the matter, they found the building sealed. \"Local people told us that the place was built on a graveyard and it was the incidents of haunting that ultimately led the BPO to be shut down. We tried to investigate the locality but could not find anything. But since we could not enter the building, it is one of those cases where we couldn't come to any conclusion,\" Tiwari adds.Rationalists, of course, debunk such theories and even call paranormal investigators frauds. Prabir Ghosh, general secretary of the Science and Rationalists' Association of India, says, \"We don't believe in the existence of spirits and ghosts just as we don't believe in anything that's not been proven by science. I would not only say they are wrong, I will say that all those who claim the existence of paranormal forces are simply lying.\"Defending their ilk, Gaurav's colleague, Sushmita Chanda says they don't ever force people into believing something. \"But to call us frauds is unfair. We record everything with gadgets that prove the existence of paranormal forces.\" There are also many educated, non-superstitious and tech-savvy people who share the beliefs of these paranormal investigators. And that's why IPS has started professional courses on the subject. \"Students are given gadgets and invited to join investigations. \"Once proficient, we let them probe things on their own. The main thing is to bring down the fear level,\" says Tiwari. Online training, too, is provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14574700", "title": "Gitanjali group seeks more time for SEZ", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as state government promoted Mihan-special economic zone (SEZ) struggles to get enough investment, gems and jewellery major Gitanjali Group, has put up a request before the union ministry of commerce for getting a year's extension for a similar venture in city. The case will be taken up in July 4 meeting of the board of approvals (BoA) under the ministry.The company's subsidiary Nagpur Multiproduct SEZ Limited had got an in-principle nod for setting up a 1,000 hectare SEZ near Butibori in 2008. This is almost as big as Mihan in size, which is also a multiproduct SEZ. Realtors banking on the SEZ story had created much hype about this project. The validity of the approval has been extended from time to time with the last one expiring on January 8, 2012, and the promoters are now seeking more time.With an extension, the company hopes to buy time till the government once again changes policy in favour of SEZ units. Mehul Chokshi, company's chairman told TOI it was hoped that the government may come up with a new policy. Currently the government wants a continuous stretch of land for SEZs, which the company is not likely to be able to acquire. There is a chance that this condition may be relaxed, said Chokshi. The promoters have not begun acquisition of land for the proposed SEZ yet.However, he added this would be the last time the company would seek an extension for Nagpur SEZ. The plan may be abandoned if suitable policy changes do not happen by next year, he said. The focus would be on the gems and jewellery sector from where the SEZ may find a sizable investment, despite another multi-product SEZ already coming up here, he said.The development commissioner, through whose office the proposal has to be forwarded has recommended the BOA to consider the request. A source in the ministry said though the policy may be relaxed, it would be only known later if the changes cover SEZs approved earlier. Local industrial players do not see space for two similar SEZs in the city. A source in Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), said SEZ was failing as a concept with many such projects being cancelled. Not much incentive is left after SEZ units were brought within the ambit of minimum alternate tax (MAT).Vilas Kale of Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED) said there was a little scope for another SEZ till the first one got enough investment. Mihan already has the infrastructure in place and the prospective investors could be attracted here first. Coincidentally, even the Maharashtra Airport Development Company which is developing Mihan is eyeing investment form the gems and jewellery sector apart from pharmaceutical industry which is the main focus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14572450", "title": "State to act against schools evading RTE: Education secretary", "text": "NAGPUR: Government aided minority schools in Nagpur which refused to admit students in the free 25% quota as mandated under the Right To Education (RTE) Act will face action. In a meeting with officials on Saturday in Nagpur, state school education secretary JS Saharia gave instructions to start a crackdown on schools which closed doors on students this academic year.Institutes like SFS High School, Tata Parsi etc claimed exemption from RTE, saying they come under the 'unaided minority' category. Many minority schools in Nagpur receive government grants from Std V onwards and since RTE admissions start at entry level (Std I for these schools), they refused to accept admissions. While the schools' stand is technically correct, it is only partially so.An annoyed Saharia said, \"The problem is that majority of schools have not read the RTE Act. It clearly mentions that 'schools receiving aid or grants to meet whole or part of its expenses from the appropriate government or local authority' shall come under the ambit of RTE. Since we are funding their expenses in part, these schools just cannot claim exemption.\"He added that the RTE has started a 'social revolution' and hence there is upheaval. \"There is a school in Maharashtra which charges Rs10 lakh annually and was worried about the RTE regulations. We told them that state will pay them Rs10,000 but the remaining Rs9.9 lakh will have to be borne by them,\" said Saharia.In Nagpur, the process for RTE admissions is already over and the final list of candidates will be put up at schools on Monday. The local education office has details only about 20 schools so far. Someshwar Netam, education officer (primary) said, \"The total applications received are about 504 and the total intake capacity is about 2,490. We will get the final update by July 5.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568991", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to campaign in Mumbai on July 13", "text": "MUMBAI: Pranab Mukherjee , the UPA's presidential poll candidate, will be in Mumbai for campaigning on July 13. Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre said Mukherjee will address a gathering of elected representatives at the Yashwantrao Chavan Pratisthan in south Mumbai. Besides Democratic Front-elected representatives from the state, those from the Congress and NCP from Goa will also attend the gathering.With 288 legislators, the value of voters of the legislators from Maharashtra is 50,400 out of the total 10, 97,012. Of this, the Congress has 82 legislators from the party. The party also enjoys the support of 16 independent. The NCP camp has a strength of 74 legislators, including 12 independents. The Shiv Sena has 46 (45+1 independent), which has already extended their support to Mukherjee's candidate.On Sunday, at a meeting between Thakre and CM Prithviraj Chavan, it was decided that senior functionaries would be assigned the task of winning over more votes from the state. tnn to senior functionaries including Chavan, Thakre, parliamentary affairs minister Harshavardhan Patil. The Congress is eyeing at support from the MNS camp and other independents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14568689", "title": "Skywalk planned at busy Noida crossing", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has invited technical bids for construction of a skywalk at the Sector 37 intersection. Bids were also floated for 13 foot-overbridges on Friday. The aim is to build the skywalk, the first in the city, by next year in addition to the FOBs. The Authority has received three technical bids for the skywalk and FOBs. One of these companies will now be shortlisted.\"Once we select a company for the project, it will be asked to submit a financial bid and a detailed project report, including its design and feasibility, within a month,\" said an official. It should take six months to complete the project once the work kicks off, say officials. Senior engineers at the Authority said the skywalk is supposed to be a four-way bridge. \"The crossing is likely to get busier once the Metro route is extended to Kalindi Kunj,\" said the official. \"Those coming out of the Botanical Garden Metro station will have access to the skywalk, as it will be linked directly to the station,\" he said.Authority officials are surveying similar projects in Delhi and other cities. \"The design and concept of the skywalk at Laxmi Nagar-Anand Vihar crossing is being studied,\" said the official. The project would involve design, development, construction, financing, operation, maintenance, revenue collection and deployment. The aim is to improve services for pedestrians and ensure a safe and convenient walkway for them,\" the official said.Earlier, in the 169th board meeting of the Authority, a skywalk connecting the Sector 18 Metro station to the malls nearby had been proposed. Funds are expected to be allocated for the project once the budget for infrastructure projects is decided in the board meeting on July 6.The Authority has identified spots that have massive footfall and are vulnerable to accidents. It has zeroed in on 13 spots where FoBs can be constructed. The details of this plan will also be presented at the Authority's annual board meeting. As per initial estimates, each of these FOBs will cost between Rs 60 lakh and a crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14587305", "title": "Chandigarh police constitute teams to nab gamblers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of a sudden increase in the number of cases of gambling (satta), being reported from all across the city, Chandigarh police have constituted special teams to nab the culprits.On an average, police have registered around 90 cases of gambling in the last three months and around 40 persons were arrested for this offence during the same period.In one of the recent case, police have arrested Parmod Kumar, resident of neighbouring Mohali town, from near the light point of sector 36-37 here on Sunday for gambling. Police also recovered a cash of Rs 1670 from his possession.\"Gambling is emerging out as one of the major problems in Chandigarh and we have seen a sudden spurt in the number of these crimes in the last few months. It is a bailable offence therefore we are facing some difficulty in keeping a tab on the activities of the criminals,\" said a police official here.Police have constituted special teams, whose officials will be posted at various sensitive locations of Chandigarh in plain clothes to keep an eye on the culprits.\"Some women cops will also be posted at various places to catch the culprits. There are some hard-core criminals who are alluring city youths towards this malpractice,\" stated the police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572054", "title": "Cops chase thieves, recover valuables looted from 2 houses", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars looted two flats in Yogalakshmi Apartment in Vadapalani on late Saturday night, but they had to leave behind the valuables after being chased by a Criminals Apprehension Team of the city police. The burglars who packed the jewellery abandoned it on the roadside and escaped from the scene seeing the police team members chasing them.Around 2am on Sunday they struck at the houses at the apartment complex on Karumariamman Koil Street and stole jewellery and silver items.The burglars targeted the house of a Usha, 40, whose husband is working abroad. They ransacked the almirah and stole valuables. Similarly they also broke open the almirah at the house of one Vijay, a software engineer from the same apartment complex and looted valuables.\"We have recovered the valuables which the burglars looted from the two houses. We are now trying the nab the culprits ,\" said Vadapalani inspector Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14600151", "title": "'Stop allowing over-loaded trucks on the Yamuna Expressway'", "text": "CHENNAI: The newly launched Yamuna Expressway, a six-lane access-controlled highway which is expected to cut travel time between Noida and Agra to just 90 minutes from the current four hours, will need some strict surveillance and implementation of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules (CMVR) to ensure efficient, save and cost-effective road transportation.The Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT), an independent body in the field of road transport and automotive sector, has come up with several recommendations that will help ensure safety, efficiency and productivity on the express highway. To begin with, IFTRT has suggested that the Yamuna Expressway should take a cue from the Mumbai-Pune Expressway and the Ahmedabad-Baroda Expressway and fix the speed limit at 80 km / hour. \"It would be appropriate that in its initial first three months of operations, the Yamuna Expressway should have identical speed limit to be raised to 100 km/hour at a later stage,\" suggests the IFTRT. What's more, given the heavy fog that western UP normally experiences every winter, the highway patrol authority and concessionaire needs to plan traffic management under these driving conditions and install CCTV cameras all along the 165 km stretch from Noida to Agra.In order to ensure that over-loaded trucks don't ply the expressway, the highway patrol authorities and the concessionaire should install weigh-in motion bridges to detect overloaded vehicles and penalize them under Section 113 and 114 of the Central Motor Vehicles Act 1988 including suspending the drive's licence. Apart from this, the over loaded vehicles should be charged under Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984 under which these offending vehicles are impounded along with the goods and their crew is detained to make the operation of these overloaded trucks / trailers a 'zero tolerance' entry zone on the expressway.As for that other menace on highways -- over dimensional body cargo vehicles - the authorities should use the provisions of Rule-93 of the CMVR 1989 to prevent these vehicles from entering the expressway. IFTRT also suggests that the authorities need to create aninstitutionalised system for regular checks on drunk driving by the vehicle owners including installation of breath analyzers. Also the traffic signage en-route this expressway should be bold and clear so as to be readable during day night on all weather conditions so that entry and exit / lane changing is properly understood by vehicle owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14570412", "title": "You can take a walk in Juhu woods soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Picture this: A walk in the woods, with a dense growth of trees and varieties of birds chirping, plucking, sucking sap and honey. You could be excused for thinking this picturesque forest is in another country but it could be right here in Mumbai soon.Welcome to the concept of a 'city forest' that will be part of developmental projects acting as buffer zones along creeks, water bodies and coastline edges.After 25 years, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will revert to its plan of providing Mumbai a 'city forest' on a plot adjacent to Vidyanidhi High School at JVPD Scheme, Juhu, and create vital green lungs in the neighbourhood.Work is in progress, with residents planting around 1,000 trees in the area as part of the plan conceptualized by architect P K Das.\"City forests essentially mean thick plantations of trees, creating an opportunity for bio-diversity and enrichment of environment. The presence of trees attracts birds, earthworms and insects. The trees become a buffer against abuse and misuse of eco-sensitive borders along rivers, lakes, creeks and nullahs,\" said Das.On how urban forests will help Mumbai, Das said, \"Forests enrich soil conditions, enable the water table to rise and increasingly forests fight and control carbon cover. They enrich air quality, and like a factory clean our air and generate healthy conditions for living.\"\"Residents are happy as they have finally reclaimed their city forest. It is a precious plot of land as it adjoins Kaifee Azmi Park, which means a larger area for recreation. This is what we refer to as democratization of public space,\" said Hansel D'Souza, president, Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group.Ashoke Pandit, a resident of Juhu, said the 'city forest' is a necessity today.Javed Akhtar's Member of Parliament Local Area Development Scheme (MPL-ADS) funds will be utilized for the 'city forest', which will extend to Kaifi Azmi Park, Bonzai Park, go up to PVR theatre and culminate opposite Rithambara College in Juhu.The earmarked city forest measuring 23.5 acres has an entire belt of over 1,000 trees. It will start from BMC's recreation ground plot in Juhu, where where hundreds of trees were hacked by a private agency to construct a club. Juhu residents had fought a seven-year battle to save the open space.The BMC cancelled the lease of the private agency in 2011 to execute former municipal commissioner S S Tinaikar's 1987 plan of having a city forest in the area.Das' plan includes walking and cycling tracks, tree plantations, cultural squares and gardens.Controversial Past* The earmarked 23-acre 'city forest' has an entire belt of over 1,000 trees* It will start from BMC's recreation ground plot in Juhu, where hundreds of trees were hacked by a private agency to construct a club* Juhu residents fought a seven-year battle to save their open space* BMC cancelled the lease of the agency in 2011 to execute former municipal commissioner S S Tinaikar's 1987 plan for a 'city forest' in the areaThe Green Plan* Plan includes growing a forest alongside the Irla nullah, building walking and cycling tracks, introducing cultural spaces such as small amphitheatres, an art exhibition centre, a children's play area and a gardenOther City Forests* Maharashtra Nature Park (Mahim), a hidden gem that was born on a dumping ground* BPT Gardens, developed on a landfill area* Land's End in Bandra (W), where residents have grown a 'forest'VoicesEssentially, residents are happy because they have finally managed to reclaim their city forest. This is a precious piece of land because it is adjoining the Kaifee Azmi Park which means there will be a larger area for recreation. This is what we actually refer to as democratisation of public space,\" said Hansel D'Souza, president, Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group.Hansel D'Souza | president, juhu citizens' welfare groupCity forests essentially means thick plantations of trees creating an opportunity for bio-diversity and enrichment of environment. The various dynamics of nature begin to generate. The presence of trees attracts birds, earthworms and insects.PK Das, architect", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14576205", "title": "Minor clashes in 3rd phase of civic polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The third phase of local bodies elections covering 20 districts passed off peacefully amid incidents of mismanagements at polling booths and anomalies in the voters' list reported from some of the districts. The overall polling percentage till last reports came in stood around 54%.In Shahjahanpur, ballot papers from ward number 25 were found at a polling booth in ward number 4 where the state election commission (SEC) cancelled the polling. The commission will be holding the repoll in the said booth on July 3. Otherwise, the district witnessed nearly 52 % voting till last reports came in.In Banda, voters in a polling booth reportedly clashed with a sector magistrate after they did not find their names in the voters' list. There were also reports of voters being denied voting in some other booths. One such case was reported from a polling booth in a police line where voters had turned up at the booth with ration card which did not carry their photographs. Incidentally, Banda reported the lowest turnout -- 42.63% -- amongst all districts which went to the poll on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14602865", "title": "Directorate of Students Welfare of PAU organizes tour for its students", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Directorate of Students' Welfare of the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) organized a seven-day annual hiking and trekking tour of its students recently.A group of 20 students, selected on the basis of academic, cultural and sports achievements, visited the places like Minri Monistry (Tumbashero Religion Temple), Kufri, Shimla, Kasauli, Baru Sahib, etc. The Director of Students' Welfare, DS Cheema, assistant director of Physical Education, Kanwaljit Kaur and Welfare Officer, Satbir Singh accompanied the students on the tour.Cheema said that such type of tours not only refresh the students but also give them good exposure and help in broadening their vision. He advised the youths to make enthusiastic participation in extra-curricular activities along with academics for their overall personality development.Briefing about the tour, Satbir Singh said that students would daily hike and trek on an average 10-15 km during the tour. The students were educated about flora &amp; fauna and conservation of environment while trekking through thick forests, he added.The students appreciated the efforts of the PAU authorities for holding such annual hiking and trekking tour saying that It helps in their overall personality development and also rejuvenating oneself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14570627", "title": "News portal editor in judicial custody", "text": "NOIDA: The editor of a news portal was sent to judicial custody for allegedly sending an objectionable message, misbehaving with the wife of senior journalist in a private news channel and demanding extortion money. The bail hearing of the portal editor will be conducted on Monday.SSP Praveen Kumar said that the accused, Yashwant Singh, runs the portal bhadas4media.com. \"On Friday, around 2am, the accused has sent an objectionable SMS to the victim's wife. A complaint was lodged on Saturday after which we booked Singh in Sector 49 police station under Section 294 of IPC,\" Kumar said. \"On Saturday, we got another complaint about extortion. Another FIR was then lodged in Phase-II police station,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14576037", "title": "Betalbatim grapples with garbage woes", "text": "MARGAO: The issue of garbage menace dominated the proceedings at the gram sabha of the Betalbatim village panchayat held on Sunday. What's significant was that the local MLA, Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, registered his presence at the first ever gram sabha of the village held after the recently held panchayat elections.Gram sabha members expressed their disappointment over the garbage being strewn recklessly near the waste recycling station and urged the panchayat body to take steps to maintain cleanliness at the place.\"The recycling station was set up to enable people to deposit waste plastic, paper and other recyclable material at this place. However, it is seen that the people, instead of placing the waste inside the receptacle, carelessly throw it around, leading to insanitary conditions near the recycling station,\" gram sabha members pointed out.In a bid to address the issue, it was then decided to set up waste recycling units in all the wards of the village.Participating in the discussion, Pacheco, suggested that the gram sabha identify an appropriate site for garbage disposal in the village and assured his support to set up a garbage treatment plant at the site. He asked the panchayat to send him a proposal in that regard.Pacheco also disclosed his plans of developing and beautifying open spaces in the village. He told the panchayat to identify open spaces and send him a proposal for their beautification. He also asked the panchayat to send him a proposal for developing the traffic island in the village.Sarpanch Maria Esperanca Fernandes chaired the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14568435", "title": "Rocks a ready reference before we send out explorer, says scientist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hydrous sulphate rocks found in Mata Nu Madh village in Kutch district can be a boon for ISRO scientists who are planning a mission to the red planet expected to be kicked off in November 2013.\"Till now space scientists have only gathered data from spectral images from orbiters to Mars to gauge the nature of the atmosphere. But these images may not be adequate in understanding whether life can sustain under such acidic conditions,\" says a senior scientist at Dehradun-based Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology (WIHG) N S Siddaiah.These Mata no Madh rocks have come into existence because of a similar volcanic activity as on Mars. These rocks can be a ready reference for us in understanding the red planet,\" he adds.India's Mars Orbiter mission involves launching an orbiter around Mars using Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle-XL. This space explorer will be placed in an orbit of 500x80,000 km around Mars and will have a provision to carry nearly 25 kg of scientific payload on-board. An initial budget of Rs 125 crore has been prepared and awaits approval. The November 2013 is an appropriate time as the Mar's orbital dynamics makes it a good time to launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14568267", "title": "Speeding truck hits bike in south Delhi, 2 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were seriously injured when a speeding truck hit their bike in Fatehpur Beri, south Delhi, on late Saturday night.Kirpal Singh (25) and Sonu (20), of Fatehpu Beri, were returning home when the truck hit them. Both were thrown off the bike. \"We took the injured to AIIMS. They are recuperating,\" an officer said. The driver fled the spot, leaving the truck behind, police said.In another accident, two persons were injured after their Swift was hit by a speeding dumper at the IIT flyover on Sunday. They are out of danger but both vehicles broke down, creating traffic disruption in the area. Cops are waiting to talk to the injured to know their identity and are looking for the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14570003", "title": "Indore\u2019s morning walkers keep off Regional Park", "text": "INDORE: With registration fee of Rs 150 per month for the Regional Park coming into effect from July 1, morning walkers gathered outside the park on Sunday and raised slogans against the civic body decision. The park wore deserted look as morning walkers preferred to keep off it and stuck to their demand to allow them entry without charging any money.Around 200 morning walkers, who gathered outside the park, resolved to protest against the decision by holding a demonstration near Muktidham from Monday.\"The park is a public place. And there are many living in nearby areas come for morning walk to breathe fresh air,\" said Gurpreet Singh, a park regular, adding that he is not ready to pay even Rs 50.Another morning walker, Kittu Joshi fumed, \"Despite a delegation meeting the mayor to press for doing away with the fee, the IMC has posted an armed guard to prevent us from entering the park.\"There have been a lot of people who have started coming from Lal Bagh Park to the Regional Park. \"I have been going to Lal Bagh in the past. For 3-4 months, I am coming to the Regional Park. I am surprised by the IMC insensitivity to slap registration charge,\" said Palaash Manwaani. Sanjay Arora, another regular morning walker, says that he is ready to give Rs 150 for charity, but not for getting fresh air. \"I have no objection to paying evening charges but paying for fresh breeze of air is something unacceptable,\" said Amrit Vajpayee, physical training instructor, who comes to the park with 30 students . Advocate Jay Hardia has suggested that the IMC starts a food corner, if it is interested in making money and spare the morning walkers. He is one among regular morning walkers to the park.\"At the time of developing the park, we were told that it would be for public and now the IMC turnaround for the sake of money is not good,\" said Harjeet Kaur, a home maker, who refused to pay even a penny to the IMC.\"We are coming here for our morning walks for over a year. If the IMC wants to avoid miscreants they should issue I-cards. The evening charges are acceptable, but paying for my jogging makes no sense to me,\" said Satish and Kanchan Gangwane. The 78-year-old, Haddith Singh, gives credit of his good health to morning walks.However, the IMC has refused to budge. \"We will not cut fee. We have brought it down from Rs 500 to Rs 150. I have nothing to think more,\" says mayor Krishnamurari Moghe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600428", "title": "Number of IVF babies reach 5 million mark", "text": "The number of babies born as a result of assisted reproduction technologies (ART) has reached an estimated total of 5 million since the world's first, Louise Brown , was born in July 1978, new figures revealed.The calculation was made from ICMART (International Committee for Monitoring Assisted Reproductive Technologies) and was based on the number of IVF and ICSI treatment cycles recorded worldwide up to 2008 with estimations added for the following three years. The cumulative total of births was put at 4.6 million last year, and this year has now reached an approximate total of 5 million.Commenting on this remarkable milestone, Dr David Adamson, from Fertility Physicians of Northern California, USA, and Chairman of ICMART, said: \"It means that this technology has been highly successful in treating infertile patients. Millions of families with children have been created, thereby reducing the burden of infertility.\"The technology has improved greatly over the years to increase pregnancy rates. The babies are as healthy as those from other infertile patients who conceive spontaneously. The technology is available globally in many different cultures. The major barriers to access are economic, and societal in some situations. With these accomplishments as a technology, and with recognition of Professor Robert Edwards as a Nobel Laureate, IVF is firmly established now in the mainstream of medicine,\" Dr Adamson stated.Other ICMART data indicate that around 1.5 million ART cycles are now performed globally each year, producing around 350,000 babies. This number continues to rise. The two most active countries of the world are the USA and Japan, but the most active region by far is Europe.The latest European data to be presented at the ESHRE congress are for 2009, and showed that demand for treatment - as expressed in treatment cycles performed in European countries - continues to grow, from 532,260 in 2008 to 537,287 in 2009.The average availability of ART in Europe is close to 1000 cycles/million inhabitants, but this figure varies greatly between countries and is largely dependent on local state funding policies. Availability in Europe is greater than in the USA but less than in Australia.Dr Anna Pia Ferraretti, chairman of ESHRE's IVF Monitoring Consortium, said that the global need for ART is estimated to be at least 1500 cycles/million population per year, a figure only seen in Denmark (2726 cycles/million), Belgium (2562 cycles), Czech Republic (1851 cycles), Slovenia (1840 cycles), Sweden (1800 cycles), Finland (1701 cycles) and Norway (1780 cycles). Countries with much lower availability included Austria (747 cycles/million), Germany (830 cycles), Italy (863 cycles) and UK (879 cycles).Success rates from a single \"fresh\" treatment cycle of IVF and ICSI - as first indicated in data for 2008 presented last year - seem to have stabilised, at around 32 per cent pregnancy rate per embryo transfer (and 28 per cent per aspiration).Dr Ferraretti said there had been a notable decline in the number of embryos transferred, with cumulative delivery rates, which include the transfer of frozen/thawed embryos from the same stimulation cycle, now representing \"the best indicator of outcome\". By using this endpoint, she explained, delivery rates can increase substantially while maintaining a very low multiple rate.On this contentious question of multiple pregnancies, Dr Ferraretti said: \"The overall trend in Europe of transferring fewer embryos continues. We found in 2009 that, compared with previous years, fewer three-embryo transfers and more single embryo transfers were performed. As a result of this trend, ART triplets have fallen below 1 per cent, and, for the first time, the twin delivery rate was below 20 per cent (19.6 per cent).\"The figures will be presented this week at the 28th annual meeting of ESHRE (European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology), which begins, 1st July, in Istanbul, Turkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566917", "title": "Delay in monsoon likely to end luxury of daily water supply", "text": "BHOPAL: If the monsoon continues to play the hide and seek game with the city, it is highly likely that the water supply in the state capital may be switched to the \"alternate day\" mode by the middle of this month, say Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials.Delay in the arrival of monsoon by a fortnight has reduced the water level of Upper Lake close to the dead storage level of 1,652 feet. Same is the condition of other water bodies in and around the city due to the delayed monsoon this year.\"The present water level in the Upper Lake is 1,655.10 feet,\" BMC engineer Udit Garg said. \"The dead level of the lake is 1,652 feet. If the present situation prevails, it will be difficult for the BMC to continue with the daily water supply,\" he added.The situation is similar in Kolar dam, he said. The present water level in Kolar dam is 441.20 metre. Its dead level is 432.90 metre. There is hardly a difference of 9 metre between the present water level and the dead level, making it difficult for the BMC to supply water every day to the city, if it doesn't rain in the coming days, BMC officials said.\"We are closely watching the situation. If the present condition prevails till mid July, we will immediately switch the daily water supply to alternate-day,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.\"However, we have other sources including Narmada water, which can be used as a substitute for the Upper Lake,\" he said, adding that the civic body was constantly in touch with the meteorological department, and they got a word from the weathermen that the conditions would improve soon.The BMC commenced daily water supply from February 1, 2012, claiming that there was sufficient water in all the water sources to cater to the city.Presently, the civic body is drawing 15 million gallons per day (mgd) from the Upper Lake, 30 mgd from Kolar and 20 mgd from Narmada to supply in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577276", "title": "A force to unite people &amp; nations", "text": "WILLIAM HUNT &gt; UWC Mahindra College of India (MUWCI)Its 11:00 am, a Sunday morning in May. Two hundred students , aged 16-20 , are embracing, laughing, crying, and remembering the year they've shared together at the top of a hill in the middle of Mulshi Valley of Maharashtra. Soon, these students will be boarding planes bound for 56 different countries around the world. I am one of these lucky 200, headed home after nine months of school in a country half a world apart from my home in Seattle, Washington. Like the rest of my classmates, I am thrilled to be going home, and filled with grief at the thought that my first year at the UWC Mahindra College of India (MUWCI), has come to a close.MUWCI is one of 13 United World Colleges around the world, the first of which was founded in Wales in 1962. Atlantic College, established in the midst of the Cold War era, brought together a diversity of students to participate in an educational experiment. That experiment would grow into the United World College movement of which MUWCI is now a part. The mission of that movement is to make 'education a force to unite people, nations and cultures for peace and a sustainable future.' We, students of the United World Colleges, are both the product and the shapers of this movement; our experience at UWCs is as much a process of redefining our understanding of this movement as it is about gaining skills to help further its mission. Of the students who have left, only half will return for their second year.The rest will be off to universities, equipped with an International Baccalaureate degree. In addition to the completion of two years of study in six academic fields, it incorporates a course entitled Theory of Knowledge and demonstrated commitment to creative, active, and service-oriented activities totalling one hundred hours of documented extracurricular involvement. Students at UWCs are given responsibility, and as such the selection process for the schools is rigorous.Each participating country has a National Committee responsible for the selection of students, and each process is different, but all students are expected to be serious learners and active participants. These are students who will create and lead their own service projects, learn new languages, and have the integrity to engage honestly and kindly with other students even when it is difficult to find political and cultural common ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14597705", "title": "Indira &amp; Rishi get married &amp; Indira walks out of her house in Hitler Didi", "text": "The wait is finally over for the fans of Trilogy Krikos' 'Hitler Didi' on Zee TV. After a lot of struggle, their favourite couple Indira (Rati Pandey) and Rishi ( Sumit Vats) will finally take the sacred nuptial vows.But it seems that the makers of the show don't want Indira's life to be tension free. Though Indira will be successful in teaching Dulari Bua ( Sheeba Chaddha) a lesson and will stop Munna ( Sandeep Baswana) from getting re-married, Indira will end up leaving her house.The upcoming episodes of the show will be full of dramatic twists and turns. Indira and Rishi together will manage to stop Munna's second marriage. Indira will make Munna marry his real wife Sunaina (Smita Singh) by playing a trick.But Dulaari will not accept her defeat so easily and will lure Indira's family by showing them money. Indira's family, who can do anything for money will go against her. Indira and Rishi will get married at the same mandap and Indira will decide to leave her house along with Rishi.She will take this major step to teach her family members a lesson. Viewers will get to see some lovey dovey moments between Indira and Rishi as they will live in a under constructed building for a while. However, soon they will manage to rent a house next to Inder niwas. When contacted, Rati Pandey (Indira) said, \"Yes, finally audiences will get to see Indira and Rishi married but Indira's life has always been full of struggles. So there will be some tense moments for her. Something very interesting is planned on the show and I would not like to reveal the suspense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14594271", "title": "Goa govt to release state mining policy by August", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said that by the end of August, state government will come out with the mining policy 2012 for the state. He also said that the Goa draft mining policy 2012 will be completed by July 15,2012.Speaking to TOI Parrikar said that the government wants to complete the draft mining policy as fast as possible to implement from next mining season.\"The draft will be completed by July 15 and by August will finalise the mining policy 2012 for the state\", Parrikar said.Director of mines, Prasanna Acharya said that the department has completed the concept of mining policy. \"Department is in process of framing rules for the mining policy,\" he said.Government will also keep open draft mining policy for public scrutiny for one month before it is finally notified by the government.The focus of mining policy is to frame rules for export permits, import permits, transit permits and transport permit.State government has asked the ministry of environment and forest not to issue any environment clearance till the state government finalized the mining policyGoa has 338 mining leases out of which around 90 operational mines in Goa, which exported around 43 million tonnes last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14601731", "title": "Harmones Audio Launch", "text": "The audio launch bash of an upcoming film starring a horde of newcomers became one starry affair when Chiranjeevi walked in. The actor was spotted chatting with minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah, before he went on to hobnob with the other T-town junta in attendance.Newbies Santosh, Abhinav, Amruta and Diksha struck happy poses for the shutterbugs, as everyone had a good time. Also spotted were D Ramanaidu, Praveen Lakkaraju and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14576089", "title": "2nd time unlucky, 5-yr-old drowns in lift pit", "text": "BANGALORE: Five-year-old Nakul V wasn't lucky the second time. Three months after he fell into a water-filled pit at an under-construction site a stone's throw from his home and was pulled out alive by passersby, the LKG student again fell into the same ditch. There was none around to rescue the boy from drowning on Sunday evening.The accident occurred at Kempanna Layout, Gowdanapalya, in Subramanyapura of South Bangalore. The pit had been dug to accommodate a lift shaft.Nakul had joined Nivedita School in Subramanyapura a few days back and was enjoying his Sunday break. He went out of the house in the evening. His father, Venkatesh, a private factory employee, noticed his only son's absence by 6pm. He and his neighbours frantically started looking for the boy. After they failed to trace him anywhere in the vicinity, Venkatesh decided to look at the construction site where the boy had had a providential escape three months earlier.\"An apartment complex, Shravanthi Flora, is being built about 100 metres away from Nakul's house. We went to the same pit where he had fallen earlier. There was water up to six feet in the seven-foot-deep pit. We used a stick to probe the tank bed when it hit a solid object. We got down into the pit and found Nakul's body,\" Renukesh, a neighbour and construction supervisor, told TOI. Venkatesh was heartbroken. The boy's body lay in his house till late in the night.\"The previous time, people were around. They saw Nakul falling into the pit and he was pulled out in the nick of the time though the pit was full of water. Venkatesh and people at the site had a fight then. The builder assured Venkatesh that they would take care to see that such a thing won't recur,\" Renukesh said.DCP (South) Sonia Narang said a case of negligence will be filed against the builder, who is yet to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14568761", "title": "Four dengue cases reported in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhiites are waiting for monsoon to set in, vector-borne diseases have already started spreading. Four dengue cases and over 61 cases of malaria have been reported to date. Municipal health officer, Dr N K Yadav, said mosquito-breeding has been found at 12000 offices and households in the city.\"A resident of Shahdara tested positive for dengue recently, taking the tally to four. The cases of malaria have increased three-fold compared to last year,\" said Yadav. He added that cases of vector-borne diseases will shoot up after the onset of rains. To check their rise, they have intensified measures to create awareness.\"Our staffers are visiting all homes to check mosquito-breeding and challans have been issued in some cases. We have enough stock of larvacides,\" said Yadav.\"Dengue cases reported so far are the same as reported last year, yet there is a need to be cautious keeping in view the growing incidence of mosquito breeding,\" said A K Walia, Delhi health minister. \"Office bearers of RWAs and heads of offices, institutions, hospitals, police stations, education institutions, market federations should have a nodal officer to check the premises on a regular basis for preventing stagnation of rainwater,\" he added.Dr V K Monga, public health expert, said people have already started using desert/room coolers. \"One should remove water from coolers and other small containers at least once a week. Inside any house/office, coolers are the most common grounds for mosquito breeding apart from other sources like flower vases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14597524", "title": "8-year-old from Mauritius gets liver donation from his mother", "text": "BANGALORE: Till early this year, 8-year-old Jean Marie Leveilli, a native of Mauritius, was a playful child, but suddenly he started losing his appetite and slowly stopped doing his routine work. He even stopped playing with his friends. He was taken to a local hospital, which confirmed that his liver was damaged. But, the doctors there were not able to diagnose the exact reasons for the damaged liver.On doctor's recommendation, he was brought to Manipal Hospital in Bangalore in May this year. The tests here confirmed that Jean was suffering from Budd Chairi syndrome, a decomposed state of liver. \"This happens when the veins draining out blood from liver gets blocked and subsequently damages the liver,\" said Dr Sadiq Sikora, HOD and consultant, Surgical Gastroenterologist and Liver Transplantation, with the hospital.Dr Sikora added: \"Lot of water was collected in his abdomen, the liver had damaged beyond a limit and he was not able to do his routine work. The main vein which supplies blood to the liver was also blocked, this happens in rare cases. It made the case more complicated.\"Only option left with Jean was to undergo liver transplant and his mother Marie, who was accompanying him readily agreed to donate a part of her liver. She was found eligible for the donation. Surgery was performed last month and Jean was kept under observation for about three weeks.The procedure involved removing the diseased liver, replacing the IVC with a vascular graft and then the donor liver from the mother was implanted in the child. Arteries, which supply blood to the liver, were reconstructed using a vein graft, under a microscope.\"Jean was born healthy but he slowly started to show signs of vomiting and loss of appetite. He was taken to a local hospital in Mauritius where they were not able to identify the cause and given Jean only a few months to live as his x ray showed lot of water accumulated which was fatal,\" said Marie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594051", "title": "Birmingham boy Sunny Hayre to release his debut single", "text": "Born and Bred in the heart of Birmingham, UK Vocalist Sunny Hayre (Jatinder Singh Hayre) had a passion for music from a very young age. He was whole-heartedly inspired by well established artists such as Jazzy B, Angrez Ali and late Kulwinder Dhillion and aspired to follow in their footsteps. It was only a matter of time before he took this obsession to the next level and began to learn how to play the harmonium at his local gurdwara and take lessons in vocal coaching.His debut appearance was at the very 1st Brit Asia Superstar where he heard praise for his traditional style vocals and reached the semi-finals at ease. As his talent continued gaining recognition, Sunny Hayre was given a life-changing opportunity to become backing vocalist for the likes of legendary artists such as Angrez Ali, Dev Dhillon, Geeta Zaildar, Mangi Mahal and Benny Dhaliwal. He regularly toured alongside these influential characters in the music industry and was lucky enough to be officially taught by Angrez Ali and Dev Dhillon.At 21 years of age, It was one wedding performance that was seen by undoubtedly one of the most talented and respected producers, Aman Hayer, that ultimately changed Sunny Hayre's fate. Aman Hayer recognized Sunny Hayre's potential and spent over 2 years working on his vocal and guiding him in the right direction.By belonging to a renowned musically influenced village in India, Littran , Sunny Hayre was inspired by the talents emerging from his background, including the legendary song writer Jandu Littranwaala and music guru Aman Hayer. This encouraged him to take his talents further and lead the younger generation into focusing on their Punjabi roots.After over 10 years of wishful thinking, Sunny Hayre's dreams are finally coming true...currently, his debut single produced by the one and only Aman Hayer is officially complete and set for release very soon.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14574873", "title": "It's family values vs material gain", "text": "PANAJI: Sammy Tavares' drama Aplea bhurgeam sangata dwells on diverse relations within the family and focuses primarily on children's ungratefulness to their aging parents. Greed for more wealth and material possessions can prompt some members of the family to sell off the ancestral property without qualms, not realizing its consequences in the long run.Felcy (Felcy) and Justin (Justin) are blessed with two sons, Mathew (Mathew) and Godwin (Godwin) after 10 years of marriage. The two siblings enter meet their life partners in Roma (Roma) and Rosalia (Rosalia) and tie the knot.Values inculcated in the family are easily reflected when the same members move to their in-laws' residence. Both the daughters-in-law try to have their own way, spending most of their time in casinos. They consider their in-laws outdated and old-fashioned in their thoughts.Greed for all things material prompt Roma and Rosalia to instigate their husbands into selling their ancestral home. When Justin comes to know about the secret plan, he blindly opposes the suggestion.How do the stubborn daughters-in-law react to the tense situation? Who comes out triumphant? Will repentance at the eleventh hour help compensate for the loss?Each of the artistes has played their characters to perfection. Roma and Rosalia have enacted their roles well. Godwin and Mathew have done justice to their respective characters. Justin wins the hearts of the audience during the second half of the drama.Sammy Tavares has laid stress on stage sets, besides light effects and background music. Introduction of two new curtains, namely the police headquarters and aged home add punch to the show. The Christmas star outside the house catching fire is worth the watch.Comic interludes by John D'Silva, Seby and Sally are also something to look forward to.Songs rendered by Sonia Shirsat (Mahan Goykar Alfred Rose), Lawry Travasso (Jiveank Visvaxi Rav), Anthony San (Chukloleank Bhogxitanv?), Roma (Mog Gorjecho), Cajie de Sanvordem/Xavier Gomes/Marcus Vaz (Sant Anton), Sammy Tavares (Jezuk Ixtt Kor), Marcus Vaz (Konn Maim Pai?) leave an impression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14568204", "title": "Special Task Force facing conflict of interest?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed Special Task Force (STF) that is probing 16 encounters killings by police in the state may be facing a conflict of interest. The issue sure to haunt senior member of the task force, inspector general of police (IGP) A K Sharma. Sharma now holds additional charge of city police crime branch.Of the 16 encounters under probe, two were carried out by the city crime branch. Another three officers, who are now posted in the same crime branch, had been involved in three encounters in different parts of Gujarat. Now, Sharma will have to conduct a probe into roles of the officers of an organization he which he heads.The SC had formed the STF under Justice H S Bedi to probe into all police encounters that took place between 2003 and 2006.When Sharma was asked about this clash of interest since he was probing the role played in five encounters by cops who are now his subordinates in crime branch, he said: \"Our investigations will be free and fair. The whole process shall be closely monitored by the STF chairperson Justice H S Bedi and members of the monitoring committee which include the DGP, additional chief sectary (home), additional DGP (law and order) and a representative of the state human rights commission.\"Bedi's team includes four IPS officers - Sharma, SPs Sandip Singh, Maninder Singh Pawar and R V Asari. Five DSPs too are part of the team and will be working as investigators of the various cases.On Saturday, when STF authorities met, the cases under investigation were distributed between Singh, Pawar and Asari. Five cases were handed over to Singh, six to Pawar and Asari got five cases.Sharma said: \"Of the 16 cases, probe into three have begun on a priority basis. The first is a complaint registered at Umra police station of Surat in 2004 - the encounter of Mahesh Gadhwali. This probe is being conducted by DSP C N Rajput.\" There three PIs Rajendrasinh Sarvaiya, D D Damor and Jitu Yadav \u2014 who were involved in three separate encounters at Valsad and Vadodara. All are now posted in crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14586267", "title": "Fire rages in Chennai mall", "text": "CHENNAI: A major fire broke out at Abirami Mega Mall in Purasawalkam at 6.50 am on Monday.Police and fire service personnel are still trying to put out the fire.An electrical short circuit may caused the fire at the building that houses six theatres, shops, a food court and a gaming zone. Police said nobody is injured or trapped in the building since the fire happened before the business hours.A security guard of the mall saw smoke coming from the third floor of the complex and informed the mall administrators. They in turn alerted the police and the fire personnel. More than five fire tenders from Egmore and Kilpauk rushed to the. The building was renovated a decade ago.Traffic has been affected on Purasawalkam High Road and adjoining areas because of the diversions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14592463", "title": "Actor Vivek goes green", "text": "Actor Vivek, the chinna Kalaivanar known for spreading social messages on big screen serves to be as such in real life too.The Actor was recently seen at \"Shri Satya Sai Viswaroopa Baba\" creating awareness with the Green Kalam Project aiming at saving the planet by planting trees. Under Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's guidance, he has already planted more than thirteen lakh trees in a short span of three months with the aid of 'Tree Bank'. Actor Vivek said, \"Though I was given a target of Ten lakhs by Shri Abdul Kalam ji we were able to achieve this feat principally and practically only with the awareness and cooperation of the public, the school children and administrations in particular... I make special mention on my friend Murugan and Mullaivanam of \" Tree Bank\" without whose help we wouldn't have travelled so far, I have been getting excellent reviews on my performance in ' Muratu Kalai ' it gives me immense satisfaction to have a successful professional and social image\".Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14570785", "title": "Health department wakes up to malaria menace", "text": "NOIDA: With 81 cases of malaria being diagnosed in the district even before the monsoon has begun, the health department has now taken up stringent measures to avoid breeding of mosquitoes. A meeting of the NCR district malaria officials has been called on Monday to devise a plan through which breeding of mosquitoes in bordering areas of Noida can be curbed.Officials said that a substantial chunk of the existing cases have come from the Jewar and Dadri blocks. Health department officials said that cases of malaria have traditionally been a problem in the district, especially in rural areas of Greater Noida.\"There were 70 such cases in the district last year around this time. This year there are 81 cases. There has been a slight increase, but we are taking every precaution we can to keep things in control,\" said Satyendra Kumar, district malaria officer.Officials said that even though all the reported cases so far are from rural areas, this doesn't eliminate the chances of an outbreak of malaria in Noida and Greater Noida. Health department officials said that they have surveyed a number of construction sites alongside other vulnerable areas for people displaying symptoms alongside monitoring the area itself.Keeping in mind the increased rate of breeding of mosquitoes in Delhi-NCR, the health department officials of the neighboring Ghaziabad and Delhi districts are meeting on Monday. \"During the joint meeting, officials will plan a joint anti-larvae spray operation to curb the mosquito menace.\"During the meeting with officials of Delhi, Faridabad and Ghaziabad, a common anti-larva spray plan will be structured, which will be commonly followed by all malaria department of neighboring cities. Officials will be asked to carry out routine checks and spray anti-larval insecticides at breeding sites in bordering areas.Kumar added that the weather is conducive for mosquito breeding. About half dozen sectors of the city share a boundary with Ghaziabad and Delhi. If the adjoining city does not follow the anti-larva spray plan, then mosquitoes will have a safe hideout on the other side of the border. Among the areas that share their boundaries with Delhi and Ghaziabad are Sectors 1, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 56, 62 and 63.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14577389", "title": "Patiala lax in facilitating financial aid for cancer patients", "text": "PATIALA: The recent figures about cancer patients, complied by the health department, has set alarm bells ringing among authorities of Patiala as the district has the highest number of patients in the state at 1301.But more shocking is the alleged non-cooperative behavior of authorities towards patients as only 138 patients have got financial aid from chief minister's cancer relief fund, while many died waiting for relief.\"Many have died waiting for financial aid from CM fund as doctors and other authorities were not cooperating with patients. Recently, Gurcharn Singh and another woman from our village died of cancer, but both failed to get any aid despite their repeated efforts and meetings with doctors of Rajindera Hospital, Patiala,\" alleged Gurmeet Singh Thuhi, district president of Internationalist Democratic Party (IDP).Gurcharn belonged to a poor farmer's family, but in the absence of any government financial aid, the family sold some land to treat the patient, who remained admitted to Rajindera Hospital, Patiala. The family did not get any financial aid whatsoever, he said.Health department figures showed that 3,458 cancer patients have applied for financial help from all over the state and government had sanctioned Rs 37 crore towards their treatment. Amritsar has less than 457 patients in comparison to Patiala district's figure of 1301, but Amritsar authorities received 365 applications from caner patients, against the figure of 154 in Patiala. Same is the case with Ludhiana, having 352 cancer patients, much less than Patiala, but it received 365 applications.This has taken place despite the district having hundreds of cancer patients in villages located along the polluted Ghaggar, leading to many cancer deaths. Since majority of villagers are illiterate and don't get positive response from concerned health authorities, the very purpose of setting up CM's cancer relief fund seems to have been defeated, sources said.When contacted, Patiala DC, G K Singh, who is district level chairman of CM cancer relief fund, confirmed that they have received only 154 applications from cancer patients. \"If any family is facing problem in getting financial aid for treatment of cancer patient, they should directly meet me in my office,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573578", "title": "Don\u2019t force children into reality shows: Saroj Khan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Joining psychologists and child rights group, Bollywood choreographer and reality dance show judge Saroj Khan said that people should not force their children to participate in reality shows and pester them to perform well.Speaking to newspersons during her visit to the city on Sunday to take part in a private function, Khan said that for the sake of money, a number of parents are forcing the children into these shows. And when they fail to perform, the children are reprimanded and become object of contempt for the family members and friends. This is a wrong trend which should be stopped, she said.Setting aside the notion of lack of opportunities for the winner and top contestants of reality shows, she said that only those who exhibit resilience can sustain in Bollywoood. Rest quit. The dance legend of Bollywood blockbusters was upset over the changing trends in the field of dance in the Indian film industry, where it is merely confined to item numbers. There is no real dance in films these days, she said.\"After having spent over five decades in the film industry, I, at times, feel sad about the downward slide in the quality of dance. There is hardly any choreographer about whom we can talk and discuss. Nowadays, we do only what the directors want us to do. They give us situation and songs and we are asked to choreograph it accordingly. It means we don't have much control over the nitty gritty of the sequence,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14576351", "title": "Villagers blame Pune Municipal Corporation for blaze at garbage depot", "text": "PUNE: A huge fire broke out at the garbage depot at Phursungi-Urali on Saturday evening, with villagers saying it had not been fully extinguished even till late on Sunday. Clouds of smoke pervaded the villages around and residents complained of eye irritation and difficulty in breathing.The Pune Municipal Corporation said it had put out the blaze using around 10-12 lakh litres of water. \"The fire broke out at around 4 pm on Saturday. We sent fire tenders and water tankers to extinguish the blaze,\" said Pramod Yadav, special officer in charge of municipal solid waste at the PMC.The PMC authorities said methane gas emanating from the garbage could have caught fire due to the high day temperature. The fire spread quickly to the surrounding piles of waste.However, the villagers said the PMC has been dumping garbage without processing it for several days now. They alleged that the civic officials had deliberately set the waste on fire to get rid of it. \"The day temperature was not at all high. We strongly believe that the officials set fire to the waste which had accumulated due to open dumping,\" said Bhagwan Bhadale, president, Kachra Depot Sangharsh Samiti.The villagers, who have for long been stridently opposing the very presence of the garbage dump, have decided to block garbage trucks from entering Urali Devachi and said they would continue their protest till the fire was completely extinguished.The city generates about 1,200 to 1,400 metric tonnes of garbage daily, of which the plant processes 1,000 MT. The PMC stopped open dumping of garbage at the Urali depot more than a year back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "portrush", "code": "14589664", "title": "Irish Open: Jeev ends disappointing 30th", "text": "PORTRUSH: Jeev continued to slide over the weekend and ended tied 30th even as Welshman Jamie Donaldson clinched his maiden European Tour title at the Irish Open.Donaldson shot a four-day total of 18-under to clinch the title by four shots over challengers Anthony Wall, Rafa Cabrera-Bello, Fabrizio Zanotti and Mikael Lundberg in front of 30,000 spectators in Northern Ireland .Jeev started the final day with a double bogey, but quickly made up with birdies on the second and fourth. An eagle on the ninth saw him turn in two-under, but bogeys on 10th and 14th set him back again.He ended with a birdie on the 18th and signed a card of 71 to be six-under and tied 30th overall.Considering he started the week with a seven-under 65, and was eight-under through 36 holes, it was a disappointing weekend over which he shot 75 and 71.The 36-year-old Donaldson held the overnight lead, but found himself looking up at the leaderboard before he had even teed off due to Mikael Lundberg's thrilling start.The Swede turned in 29 only to see Donaldson rally with successive birdies at the second, third and fourth.Donaldson had shot under 70 in each of his first three rounds and his consistency was again evident as he putted smartly, showing no signs of nerves despite the 333,330 euros on offer.He dropped shots at the 11th and 16th, but squeezed four birdies into the back nine to remain at the leaderboard's summit.Padraig Harrington (70) was tied seventh at 12-under, while Rory McIlroy (67) was tied tenth after a bogey free final round at 11-under. Graeme McDowell (66) climbed to tied 16th at 10-under.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14599268", "title": "PM announces Rs 500 crore package for flood-hit Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday announced Rs 500 crore package for Assam which has been battling the worst floods in recent times that has left 77 people dead and nearly five lakh homeless.Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi undertook an aerial survey of flood-hit areas of Jorhat, Dhemaji and Dakshin Dinajpur and witnessed the extensive damage to life and property in parts of the state.He also announced an ex-gratia of Rs one lakh to the next of the kin of each of the 77 dead.Singh, who is a Rajya Sabha member from Assam, announced the primary focus would be on rescuing people who have been left marooned in flood-hit areas and providing relief to them.He said 16 teams of the National Disaster Response Force comprising 640 personnel and 71 boats have been pressed into service for carrying out relief and rescue operations.In addition, 752 personnel of the Army have also been involved in relief and rescue operations.As many as 4,000 persons have been rescued and 20 tonnes of relief material has been airlifted by the Air Force, Singh said.He said 4.84 lakh people have taken shelter in the 768 relief camps set up across the state.Singh said the state government has adequate stock of food grains and the Centre would move in additional supplies quickly, if required.The Prime Minister said that immediate steps would be taken by the Railways Ministry to restore the stretch of damaged rail lines which has cut off links to Barak Valley, Tripura and Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570013", "title": "Serial bomb blasts case trial begins today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the Supreme Court vacating the stay, the trial in the serial bomb blasts case will begin on Monday. In the terror attack of July 26, 2008, 57 people lost their lives in the city.Additional principal sessions judge Jyotsana Yagnik had asked lawyers representing the prosecution and 68 accused to remain present as the court has decided to hear the case on a daily basis.The trial will be conducted inside the Sabarmati Central Jail, as the state government has invoked section 268 of the Criminal Procedure Code(CrPC) against all the accused in the case, restricting their movement. This is the third specially designated judge assigned to conduct the trial of this case.Previously, Bela Trivedi and V P Patel were hearing the case until the Supreme Court stayed the trial on February 15, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14577953", "title": "Giving a green gift to 'our' city", "text": "PANCHKULA: Not every one is busy in their daily rut in Panchkula as there are few who take time to maintain their own city despite their busy professional lives. If you have noticed the beauty of Sector 3 and sectors 11-15 roundabouts in Panchkula, you should also know the two couples who keep them blooming and colourful.Dr Sanjay Kalra and his wife Dr Rita Kalra from Sector 7, Panchkula, take care of the Sector 3 roundabout and get the best of landscaping and plant attractive flowers and plants. \"Our city is our home. We want it to be a trend among residents to take care of their locality themselves,\" says Kalra.Despite their occupied professional lives, the doctor couple manage to shell out time for maintaining the roundabout. \"Spending time among greenery helps us refresh after the tiring hours dealing with patients,\" says Rita. Kalras have bagged awards for their garden numerous times over the years. They ensure to get rare flowers and plants for their roundabout whenever they go abroad.Sector 11, Panchkula residents Abrols maintain the sector 11-15 roundabout and have planted about 2000 species of plants, flowers and creepers their.\"People like this roundabout so much that they come here during their morning and evening walks. Apart from planting hybrid flowers, we do landscaping using pebbles and other things,\" says Dharmendra Abrol. His wife Monica says, \"We want our city to look beautiful and clean. And it is only when we, residents of Panchkula, put in our effort will this be possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14576322", "title": "Students design groundwater purifier", "text": "This bunch of students has developed a relatively inexpensive water purifier, which may definitely be useful for those using groundwater. Following reports of water contamination, Mysoreans are taking no chance with regard to drinking water. Better to be safe than sorry, they are going in for water purifiers, their high cost notwithstanding. Those who can't afford them are making do with whatever they have.Students of Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering ( VCE) have come up with an affordable method to purify groundwater. Amrutha M B, Lavanya R S, Rohini Gopal V and Manjunath S P, final year students of environmental engineering, have developed a technology to purify the groundwater using polystyrene beads as a packed medium to treat groundwater. They claim it will ensure pure and safe drinking water.\"We had seen project works on waste water treatment, but not on treating groundwater. So we took up this project,\" says Rohini Gopal V. On what made them focus on groundwater, Rohini said: \"Since the water supplied by civic authorities is treated before giving it to consumers, we decided to work on groundwater, which is very hard with high nitrate and fluoride contents.\"Residents in parts of Mysore -- like in Bogadi and Roopanagar - use groundwater. They collected samples from these places for their project. \"It aims at reducing these high concentrations of inorganic substances,\" she explained. Explaining its mechanism, the students said: polystyrene beads, treated with sodium chloride, have to be filled in a pipe. When water passes through it, ion exchange takes place, and the high concentration of inorganic substance is reduced to desirable concentration to support metabolic activities.The cost of polystyrene beads is cheap. Also, they have longer life than resins used in water purifiers. \"Polystyrene beads last six months, while it is three months for resins,\" Rohini claimed. Polystyrene beads, treated with sodium chloride, are highly efficient in the removal of pollutants than raw polystyrene beads.The students said they are ready to give demos to people willing to adopt this technology. They recently won Mahindra Reva Greenest Project Award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14577612", "title": "'Power struggle brewing as Hu eyes army reins'", "text": "LONDON: Ahead of major leadership changes in China's ruling Communist party , an \"epic battle\" for control of the three million-strong military has broken out with President Hu Jintao attempting to stay in charge of the powerful PLA, a media report claimed on Sunday.\"An epic battle for control of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) has broken out as the power struggle in China enters a new phase,\" The Sunday Times reported. \"At its centre (of the epic battle) is President Hu.Hu, 69, is attempting to stay in charge of the military as chairman of the Central Military Commission after he steps down later this year as president, the report said.Talk of Hu's bid to stay in charge of PLA came as party insiders leaked the most detailed account yet of the internal strife that led to shots being fired in Beijing in a confrontation between troops and paramilitary police on March 19, the paper said. Rumours swept the capital of an attempted coup but were officially denied, it said.\"The incident left Hu so disturbed that he is lobbying against fierce resistance to retain his position as Chairman of the Central Military Commission, which has supreme command of the armed forces, for at least another two years,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "14572637", "title": "2 killed, 8 hurt in bus-truck collision", "text": "ETAWAH: Two persons were killed and other eight passengers injured, when a UP roadways bus of Hamirpur depot collided with a truck coming from opposite side.The incident occurred when a bus of Rath- Hamirpur depot rammed into a truck on Etawah-Mainpuri road. According to information, bus number UP95 B-2088 was going to Delhi from Etawah with 25 passengers.At about 11.45 a.m. when bus reached near Vaidpura thana, a truck (MP 30 H 0372) collided with bus. In this head-on- collision, bus driver Dheerendra Singh (35) and a 10-year-old boy died during treatment. Other eight passengers seriously injured in this mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577539", "title": "The journey begins", "text": "An average scorecard is not the end of the world. Success depends on one's ability to make the most of every opportunity, says Pratibha Jain , Education Times counsellorIt is that time of the year when scorecards and cut-off lists determine one's future. While anxiety and stress levels are likely to increase, remember it is not the end of the world. Apparently, numbers may seem to be the magic potion, but an average score is no reason to give up. Luckily, times have changed and options are many. Recruitment criteria, too, have changed with soft skills and a positive attitude dominating the employment world.We all have aspirations and dreams, but it is not necessary that all of them will be realised. So, though you may have always aspired to study in a particular college, your scores may go against you. Accepting reality is the first step to mental peace. Get real and accept that the marks are not going to change, nor is the competition going to get less tough. However, make sure that you opt for the programme /course of your choice.According to national statistics report, the university system is capable of accommodating more than 95% of high school graduates in diverse disciplines, so do not panic. Be wise and do not get obsessed with a particular college or course due to peer pressure, prestige or social status. These are temporary signature tags not worth the tension or stress. If you have a particular course in mind that you want to pursue, stick to that plan, even if you have to change cities.Finally, remember that it is your performance that will be considered and not the institute from which you come. Real-life stories of professionals and entrepreneurs often reveal that their success has no link to a specific academic institution but, rather, to their overall performance and ability to make the most of every opportunity. The truth is that an institution per se has almost no influence on parameters like future happiness, job satisfaction or even income and first salaries. Considering the fact that communication and travel options are flexible and feasible nowadays, you can look beyond your city.There are a number of public and private institutions, which may be offering the same course/combinations with less selective entry-criteria. Reputed and recognised private universities in every region of India conduct their own entrance exams, which give a second chance to students whose board exam results are poor. These offer a range of courses in every discipline from engineering, medicine, dentistry and bio-science to management, commerce, art &amp; design and media. There are colleges with international collaborations , which have a late admission cycle as they wait for the Indian admissions to be over. Private universities may be more expensive than the state universities as the fees are higher. Also, you need to consider the living expenses as an additional cost factor.Further, it is important to realise that the first degree is not the end of the road, but just the beginning of a long journey. In fact, most courses lead to similar postgraduate options or job opportunities. In addition, you have part-time options to complement your college education, which will boost your CV and help you stand out.EXPERT TIPSAccept admission wherever you get one. Holding a confirmed seat reduces stress and is a psychological relief Once you accept an admission, review it realistically in terms of the pros and cons of opting for that course.An objective review of the choice will help you realise that there is no difference in the academic programme or course content from your first choice of college Explore options to join clubs, societies, city activities, vocational or hobby classes, NGOs, youth clubs, theatre You may be surprised to discover that your college offers a range of activities and may give you more opportunities to prove your talent and leadership than in a competitive scenario Find ways to supplement your learning to build a versatility of skills.You may join certificate programmes in computer software, web design, event management, journalism, financial planning, company secretary, jewellery design and photography, among others Take up part-time work.Ability to adapt and to apply learning in diverse situations will add to the practical skills, which are valued by employers Work hard to show a rising performance graph, which will ensure entry to better institutes or employers in the future", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "14577353", "title": "Chinese President heckled amid Hong Kong stir", "text": "HONG KONG: A pro-democracy heckler interrupted a speech by Chinese President Hu Jintao at the swearing-in of Hong Kong's new leader, Leung Chun-ying, on Sunday and tens of thousands of residents marched to protest Chinese rule on the 15th anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Beijing's control.The outpouring of discontent underscored rising tensions between the Communist mainland and Hong Kong that was returned to China in 1997 after more than a century of British rule.While much of the discontent is over growing economic inequality and stunted democratic development, Hong Kongers are also upset over what they see as arrogant Chinese behavior - wealthy mainlanders taking over retail outlets during flashy Hong Kong shopping trips, for example, or even the choice of language during the swearing-in ceremony , Beijing-accented Mandarin instead of the Cantonese dialect spoken locally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14598105", "title": "Woman police constable self-immolates in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old woman police constable attached to the Chennai city police control room committed suicide by immolating herself at the police quarters in Washermenpet on Sunday night. Her husband Velu was also injured in the mishap, when he tried to rescue her.Initial inquiries revealed that the woman constable V Sangeetha ended her life following an altercation with her husband on Sunday night.The couple has two daughters Ranjana, 5 and Lakshana, 3. Velu, who worked in a private printing company in the city, often quarreled with his wife following trivial issues. Following one such fresh quarrel pushed Sangeetha to take the extreme end, police said.Velu is undergoing treatment for burn injuries at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH). Police have registered a case and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14574308", "title": "Attack on liquor shop workers condemned", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Life of those working in liquor shops are becoming highly insecure, said Abkari Workers Welfare Fund Board chairman C K Rajan. He was delivering the keynote address in the district get-together of Madya-Videsa Madya Vyavasaya Thozhilali Federation here on Sunday.\"Attacks against the workers are rampant. Three workers of a liquor shops were brutally attacked in Mananthavady for closing the shop at 9pm. Similar attacks have taken place in Perumbavoor, Malappuram and Aluva,\" he said.In the wake of such incidents, he demanded police protection for these workers.Earlier, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan , who inaugurated the function, said that the government had taken a policy that liquor shops could be opened only with the consent of the local bodies concerned. He also said that the workers had been benefitted by levying one percent cess on the annual turnover of the Kerala State Beverages Corporation. Along with insurance cover, the workers would get free generic medicines because of this, he said.District president of Madya-Videsa Madya Vyavasaya Thozhilali Federation S Subhash Kumar presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14577141", "title": "Mandrem sarpanch faces no trust motion", "text": "MAPUSA: Within a month of coming to power, the Mandrem sarpanch is facing a no-confidence motion.The Congress has claimed that two of the major panchayats in Mandrem constituency-Mandrem and Morjim-were dominated by them despite the BJP government and Mandrem being the constituency of panchayat minister Laximikant Parsekar.The BJP-supported panch has moved for a no-confidence motion against sarpanch Tara Hadfadkar and deputy sarpanch Vishnu Sawant. Six members of the 11-member Mandrem panchayat on Friday moved a no-confidence motion against the sarpanch and her deputy. BJP-supported panch Ambrose Fernandes, Luis Fernandes, Shradha Asolkar,Vaishali Shirodkar, Ramesh Shet Mandrekar and Subhash Asolkar have signed the motion.BJP supporters have convinced Subhash Asolkar from the Congress camp and the equations has now changed to six in favour of the motion.The motion has been placed before the Pernem block development officer who has asked the sarpanch to prove the majority on July 2. Congress supporter Tara Hadfadkar took oath as sarpanch on May 28.Hadfadkar said that she was victimized by revenge politics by the BJP-supported panch.Asolkar and Fernandes are likely to be the new sarpanch and deputy sarpanch respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577517", "title": "Podanur junction wears a deserted look", "text": "COIMBATORE: Memories of a busy railway station during the old British Raj are still alive in the minds of residents of Podanur, a suburb hardly ten kilometers away from the heart of the city. The wooden columns and iron staircases of the station, which came into operation in the 1860s under the Madras Presidency, still remain intact. However, the Podanur Junction has lost its sheen with most of the trains being diverted to Coimbatore Junction. On a Sunday morning there were just three passengers on the platform.Less than 40 per cent of the long route trains stop at Podanur Junction and they too are likely to be rerouted via Coimbatore. The revised railway timetable has eclipsed Podanur's prominence on the railway map. According to railway officials, its proximity to Coimbatore Junction is the major reason for many trains skipping the junction. \"How can we allow two stops within 10km of each other,\" asks a senior officer with the Salem Railway Division.Ironically, the station that does not see many trains, is currently under renovation at a cost of Rs 4 crore. Even railway authorities are divided on the future use of the old railway station. While some would like it to be developed as the number two station in Coimbatore, others want it to be used for halting trains that require maintenance. Passenger associations are more concerned about developing North Coimbatore, Peelamedu, Singanallur and Irugur stations than focusing on Podanur.According to Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Coimbatore president M Krishnan, the station had prominence and better usage when meter gauge trains were operated from Coimbatore to Rameswaram and Madurai. The station started losing prominence once gauge conversion was undertaken between Podanur and Dindigul on the route to Madurai and Rameswaram.Apart from road connectivity hurdles, what irks passengers is the slow progress of renovation works. Despite its old world charm, the existing station is devoid of any facilities. Though old timers were nostalgic about the flame of forest trees and the vegetarian restaurant of one Lakshmanan Iyer, the station has no passenger amenities. Connectivity between Podanur and Coimbatore is abysmal. The retirement room is dirty. The lighting is poor and the station is infested with mosquitoes. There are no snack bars open at night. There is only one drinking water tap at the only operational platform. There are no shops that sell packaged drinking water at night,\" says N Vikram, a passenger at the platform.Interestingly, Podanur was once the Divisional Headquarters of Southern Railway but that was later shifted to Olavakkode in Palakkad Junction. Podanur can be developed as a satellite terminal for Coimbatore which would help decongest Coimbatore Junction. But it must not be at the cost of Coimbatore Junction. Railways should ensure justice to both stations,'' said Jameel Ahmed, member of Divisional Railway Users Consultative Committee.In Kerala, trains stop at most stations. Then why should the railways not allow trains to stop at Podanur and Coimbatore junctions? People living in Kurichi-Sundarapuram areas can utilize the stop,'' says V Easwaran of MDMK.Amidst the neglect, people of Podanur are hopeful of more activity at the station once the gauge conversion gets completed. There would be more passenger trains bound for Pollachi, Palani and Udumalpet once the gauge conversion gets completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14590918", "title": "Pool party at Aqua, The Park,", "text": "The pool party at Aqua , The Park, saw party hoppers having a merry time on Saturday. Model and emcee Sonika made sure everyone put their best foot forward.The crowd danced away to the tunes of DJ Nawed Khan from Mumbai. \"I have enough music to explode the pool. It's going to be crazy,\" smiled the DJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568049", "title": "Scarce rain takes bite out of malaria in June", "text": "MUMBAI: With scarce rainfall unable to fill the lakes supplying water to Mumbai, the city is again staring at water cuts, but the dry spell has, ironically, brought good news on the health front. The number of malaria cases registered this June has gone down drastically, when compared to those in the previous seasons.The prevalent dry spell has, ironically, spelt good news on the health front in the city, with much fewer malaria cases being registered this year than that previous seasons.Going by the figures provided by the BMC, only 1,332 malaria cases have been registered with civic hospitals this June, a figure much lower than last year's 3,637 incidents and 5,866 in 2010. Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals, agrees that there have not been too many malaria cases so far. \"It has hardly rained. As a result, water could not accumulate anywhere, robbing mosquitoes of their breeding ground. Construction sites must also be abiding the civic norms for rains,\" Thacker said.The medicine wards of civic-run KEM Hospital also support the BMC's figures. The hospital's wards, which would overflow with patients till last year, now have a steady flow of patients, but a few beds are still unoccupied. On Sunday, TOI found that there was no extra floor bed used to accommodate all the patients till two years ago. \"Usually, we have to arrange for extra beds to treat patients for monsoon diseases. But this time, the count of fever and malaria patients is considerably low,\" said a junior doctor in KEM Hospital. When it comes to the malaria deaths, four cases were recorded in June 2010 and seven in June 2011. But BMC epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare said, \"Four died of malaria in May, but no death was recorded in June.\"According to the BMC, the standard operating procedures (SOP)s followed last year helped bring down malaria cases. \"As part of SOPs, micro-mapping of the city was done. After that, high-risk areas were identified and treated,\" said Gomare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "14577980", "title": "Excise dept accused of trying to open liquor vend despite ban", "text": "SANGRUR: On a day Changi village became famous after it was featured by Bollywood actor Aamir Khan in his television show \"Satyamev Jayte\" for its self-imposed liquor prohibition, the villagers on Sunday alleged that the excise department was trying to open a liquor vend there.The villagers of Changi, which removed its liquor vend two years back, said that the excise department has also registered a false case of smuggling in their village, which would make their case of opening the vend in the village stronger.\"The excise department has registered a case of liquor smuggling in the village and are trying to deter us, but we are determined not to open vend even if authorities register more cases using tactical moves\", said village sarpanch Paramjit Singh, who also got the chance to interact with Khan.Paramjit said the excise authorities wanted to put forward the smuggling case for denying its no liquor vend resolution next year. The Punjab panchayati Raj Act states that, if the excise and taxation commissioner is of the opinion that illicit distillation or smuggling of alcohol has been carried on or connived at within two years preceding the date of passing of resolution, in such local area, such resolution shall not be binding upon.Section 40 gives panchayats powers to go in for no liquor vend in the village. However, Sangrur assistant excise and taxation commissioner Darbara Singh denied using unfair means in registering liquor case. He said \"every case related to liquor smuggling is registered only on merit\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "14575424", "title": "Fishermen condemn low prices for prawns, go on strike", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram in Ramanathapuram district and coastal Pudukkottai began an indefinite strike on Sunday, condemning the low price of prawn fixed by a cartel of traders and agents.Prawns fetch the highest returns, but the syndicate of traders ensures that the prices remain low, alleged the striking fishermen. Besides the striking boat owners numbering 3,000 in Rameswaram, Kottaipattinam and Jagadapattinam in Pudukkottai district, about 15,000 fishermen are jobless due to the strike. About one lakh more people are dependent on the industry in the two districts.\"Though international prices for prawns are very handsome, we get as low as Rs 350 to Rs 400 per kg of prawns. Despite our hardwork, we don't reap the benefits of our toil,'' said C Parthiban, a fisherman.Fishermen alleged that the cartel of traders had the final say in pricing and was bent upon keeping prices as low as possible. \"The prices fixed by sea food export companies and their agents are final. We don't even have the liberty to negotiate with them,\" said S Emerit, president of the Mechanised Fishermen Association in Rameswaram.The fishermen rue that the prices of fishing material have skyrocketed in recent months, though their remuneration has not increased. \"For instance, we sold prawns for Rs 800 per kg and diesel cost Rs 12 per litre in 2008. But four years on, one kg of prawn is priced at Rs 450 when diesel is sold at Rs 44,\" he lamented.Roping in new fishing companies too is not helpful in the region as the coast is literally ruled by two fishing companies based in Tuticorin, says B Jesuraja, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association. \"Some companies from Kerala pitched in some time ago, but the fishing companies operating in Rameswaram have forced them to buy fish from them by luring them into sub-contracts. In the end, we sell the fish to the same two players from Tuticorin at whatever prices they fix,\" he said.The fishermen demanded that the government come out with a system to procure export variety of fish like prawns, cuttle and crabs. \"We have been asking the government to procure the export variety of fish like it procures paddy and sugarcane but to no avail. While the fishing companies are showered with subsidies for exports, we the fishermen are left in a lurch. The dollar value has gone up and the fishing companies are going to incur a fortune with that. Hence, fish prices should be raised by the companies,\" B Jesuraja said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571226", "title": "King cobra under threat, put on red list", "text": "CHENNAI: The King Cobra, whose numbers have been decimated in the Western Ghats and parts of Southeast Asia where the magnificent snake once thrived, has been declared a vulnerable species and placed on the red list of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).According to the latest IUCN report, 10% of snakes endemic to the Western Ghats, China and Southeast Asia face the threat of extinction. \"Snakes are used in traditional medicines and anti-venom serum, as food, and as a source of income from the sale of skins,\" the report says.\"The King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah) is listed as vulnerable due to a loss of habitat and over-exploitation for medicinal purposes,\" the report adds. The King Cobra, a religious icon in India and the country's national reptile, is the world's longest venomous snake.According to Romulus Whitaker, herpetologist and founder of Madras Snake Park, the King cobra has been placed on the IUCN red list because of massive trade in its skin, meat and body parts for Chinese medicines in Southeast Asia. \"The King cobra is killed in India mostly because people are afraid of them, even though very few bites have been recorded,\" he says. \"Their rainforest habitat has been devastated.\"Rainforests in the Western Ghats and in Indonesia and the Philippines once had large populations of the ecologically vital snakes, some specimens of which grow to 18 feet in length and weigh up to 12 kg, though the average length of the snake is 3 to 4 metres and its average weight is 6 kg.IUCN revises its red list based on conservation efforts and population trends of a species. \"There is no specific count of King cobra numbers in India, but it can be safely said that they have become very rare in most areas,\" Whitaker says.The King cobra is protected under Schedule II of the Indian Wildlife Protection Act. \"Anyone killing the snake could be imprisoned for up to six years,\" Whitaker says. \"A study using radio telemetry is being carried out at Agumbe Rainforest Research Station in Karnataka to learn more about the snake to help in conservation of the species.\"Involvement of local people in conservation plays a key role in protection of animals and this is evident in Agumbe, in Karnataka's Shimoga district, which records almost as much annual rainfall as Cherrapunji, Assam , one of the wettest places in the world.\"Because the snake is worshipped in the Agumbe area a relatively large population King Cobras live there in a landscape that is a mosaic of agriculture and forest patches,\" Whitaker says. Since other snakes are the primary prey of the King Cobra, it thrives in places where there are a large number of common cobras and rat snakes.The King Cobra is found in densely forested areas of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Goa, Andhra Pradesh , Orissa, West Bengal , Sikkim , Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh , Mizoram, Manipur and the Andaman Islands.The IUCN has also listed the Burmese Python (Python bivittatus) as vulnerable in its native range, with trade and over-exploitation for food and skin, especially in China and Vietnam , posing a major threat to the species.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598869", "title": "First Football Marathon Fever grips Mumbaikars", "text": "Although the Euro Cup 1012 has been clinched by Spain, but before the finals football craze was on peoples mind in Mumbai.As the Euro cup 2012 reached its end, football fans didn't want to stop their craze. Recently Mumbai saw the first ever football marathon in the world which aimed at encouraging the youth to take up the game of Football. Indian Football Icon IM Vijyan said, \"It is a great afford to encourage the youth. It's good to be a part of this marathon as it is very close to my heart \".Actor Arshad Warsi , who was also part of the event said, \"I love the game and make it a point to play with my kids and friends whenever I have time. I would like to see India playing in the football world cup \". Meanwhile actor Devshi Khandoori reiterated the point and said, \"It is nice when true fans come out and support football. It is a great initiative taken by FDF to support football.\" An ardent football fan, actor Murali Sharma said, \"I am a football freak and I wish India achieves a big name in football\". The celebration of the Marathon continued followed by a party in the night where everyone was seen enjoying watching the Euro Cup Final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14580227", "title": "Appetite for risk", "text": "Tourism always has an impact on remote places and on small hill communities . \"We try and give something back to the region we travel in, alongside maintaining culturally and environmentally sensitive guidelines for our staff and guests,\" says entrepreneur Vaibhav Kala, who launched Aquaterra Adventures in 1995, the only Indian company to feature in the 'Best Adventure Travel Companies on Earth' list (2008 - 2009) by National Geographic Society.Kala's father was in the Army and he went to schools across India. Hence, as a child, he did a lot of travelling and trekking. But it was when he joined St Stephen's College, Delhi University , in 1989 and became an active member of the Hiking Club that his interest in adventure sports was honed. \"I have been a professional river guide since 1992 and have trekked and travelled extensively in the Indian Himalayas since 1985. I have also been involved in a number of high-altitude exploratory mountain trips and major raft descents and expeditions ,\" he says.Along with the privilege of adventure in the Himalayas comes a serious responsibility - to protect its ecology and beauty. And here is the biggest challenge - ignorance among the people. \"The 'Leave No Trace' philosophy is followed to the letter and we work to minimise the environmental impact of our trips,\" he says, further adding, \"we do not shield the reality from our guests, but make them aware of the other world of the Himalaya, where poverty, lack of basic education and healthcare stare us in the face.\" Bringing economic advantage to the areas the company operates in is also a top priority. \"We recruit only people from the Indian Himalayan regions,\" he says.The adventure space, according to him, will continue to grow. But, regulation and tightening of entry barriers should come in, says Kala, and more quality operations should emerge.As far as training goes, there are mountaineering institutes providing more structured training, however, there are no schools globally that provide training for river running. \"Every river is different in volume and no training can cover it all,\" he explains. River running is the art of negotiating a river in a raft or kayak. Kala's most exciting adventure was in 2002 when he opened up the Siang river (Upper Brahmaputra) to commercial river running; \"it was one of the most remote trips we had done at the time.\"Kala says he gets his inspiration from the guests, and every year brings with it new challenges. To stay ahead of the game, he opened an 'activotel' (active + hotel) in March 2012. \"Latitude 30* N, near the river Ganga, is an activitybased resort, and we offer kayaking, wall climbing, camping, mountain biking , hiking, rafting, etc.\" He has also ventured into the overseas market - Nepal, Bhutan, Africa , US and South America.On the skill-sets required, Kala recommends some level of exposure to the outdoors to indicate an interest. Most importantly , however, is a passion for the outdoors to sustain you on the job. \"It's not easy to lug rafts in the sun and spend so much time outdoors away from home and its luxuries.\" Also personal skills as it's a people industry and you have to spend a lot of time in remote areas with different personalities, taking care of the guests. \"It is not a regular career , you have to have an appetite for risk and love the outdoors,\" he sums up.Along with the privilege of adventure in the Himalayas comes a serious responsibility - to protect its ecology and beautyVaibhav kala, founder, Aquaterra adventures", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14574334", "title": "Walk into a Friends centre, this time to lodge a police complaint", "text": "KOCHI: You still hesitate to walk into a police station to lodge a complaint. Never mind. Walk into the Friends Janaseva Centre situated at Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium in Kaloor in the city and lodge your complaint.Kerala Police have introduced a unique project where in people can lodge their complaints at Friends Janaseva Centres situated in the state.As part of launching the project in the city, preparations are on at the Friends Centre in Kaloor to accept police complaints from the public and it is expected to be operational in another week.The project, aimed at making use of the network of Janaseva Centres in the state for encouraging people to come forward to lodge complaints, is being implemented by Kerala State IT Mission in coordination with the state home department. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan had launched the project at Thiruvananthapuram on June 25. \"The training for the police personnel who will be specifically posted at the centre will be completed soon. A new set of scanners and computers have been allotted for the purpose. We will be installing it soon and the activities of the complaint desk are expected to begin by next week,\" said an official of the State IT Mission.According to the official, the project is mainly aimed at attracting women and children to lodge complaints who still do not go to the police stations for filing complaints.\"Women are reluctant to go to the police stations to file complaints. The counter at the Friends centre will be manned by a specially trained officer and the complainant will not get a feel of being at a police station,\" the official said.Even non-resident Keralites can make use of the new project to file police complaints. The department will publish a list of specific e-mail IDs which could be used for the NRKs to mail their complaints. The officer concerned will forward the complaint to the respective police station.HOW TO FILE A COMPLAINT AT FRIENDS CENTRE1.The complainant should submit a written complaint at the specified counter2.He or She should submit a copy of his electoral ID card or other valid identification document with the complaint3.The complainant should also provide a valid phone number4.NRKs should send a scanned copy of his/her complaint and passport to the specified email ID.WHAT THE OFFICER AT THE FRIENDS WILL DO1. After receiving the hard copy of the complaint and ID from a person, the officer will scan the documents and email it to the police station concerned.2. The officer will provide a receipt to the complainant and the phone number of the police station3. After receiving the complaint, the station house officer of the respective police station will take suitable action on the complaint with in next three days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14578869", "title": "Another monsoon of floods in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Monsoon may still be a few days away for this part of the country, but the residents of Sarabha Nagar's blocks E to J are already dreading the after-effects of minimal rainfall. The continuous fracas monsoon causes every year has been a result of red-tapism, misuse of funds, lack of political will and abandoned projects, say the residents of this area. They say their locality is posh only on papers as the picture is entirely different once the monsoon arrives.Kushinder Kaur, a homemaker from Sarabha Nagar E block says, \"The problems we have faced over last 12 years have become recurring nightmares. The roads are literally flooded with dirty water when the drainage system fails.\" \"In this industrial hub of Punjab, there should be a world-class drainage system. Monsoons are always bad; roads get damaged, our vehicles break down and many accidents occur,\" says engineering student from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) Anuj Jain.Situation is such that even if the city receives heavy rainfall for 30 minutes, roads remain clogged the entire day.\"Administration had earlier laid an extra sewerage line for rain water which is now clogged with sand,\" says Harinder Singh, a resident at I block.Residents of the posh Sarabha Nagar's blocks E to J are not very excited about the approaching monsoon as they dread their houses getting flooded.But Ludhiana MC commissioner M S Jaggi decided to keep mum about the issue. An employee from the commissioner's office %says, seeking anonymity, \"Funds were allocated for Sarabha Nagar but were not used as the MC was short of staff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14602652", "title": "Option to choose latest GRE score", "text": "PUNE: Candidates appearing for the Graduate Record Examinations (GRE) will now have the option of selecting their test scores before applying to universities. Candidates can choose from recent score and scores in the past five years and send it to top business and management schools across the world.The score select option has begun from July 2, a statement released on Monday by Educational Testing Service (ETS) that conducts the examination said.Candidates can decide which test scores to send to the institutions they choose, so they can send the scores they feel reflect their personal best. On the test day, when viewing their scores at the centre, they can select the 'Score Select Most Recent' option to send their scores. And Score Select All option is to send all their scores of the last five years. Both the services will be free to candidates.For example, if a candidate wants to go to either Harvard or Yale University and he/she only wants to send Harvard the latest test scores. Then the candidate can click 'Most Recent' option and Harvard will only see the candidate's most recent scores. For Yale, if the candidate wants to send them all three scores, then he/she can select the 'all' option and Yale University will receive all of his scores.Individuals taking the paper-based GRE revised General Test or a Subject Test will select their options prior to test day. The score select option focuses on helping test takers succeed on the road to an advanced degree because they can approach test day with more confidence, the statement further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566021", "title": "Many faking KBC winner Sushil Kumar on Facebook", "text": "BHOPAL: A number of facebook users are faking as the real Sushil Kumar, the winner of fifth edition of Kaun Banega Crorepati ( KBC) game show. It is a multiple choice answer. Even computerji would have problems in answering with surety, the young winner himself admits, \"Imposters have more followers than me in my name.\"Speaking to TOI during his visit to the city, Kumar said, \"I realised that people were assuming a false identity in the name. Initially, I tried to dissuade but did not succeed in it.\" The winner of the game show concedes that he was asked to prove by the pretenders, if he was play-acting too.\"Yeh lagta hai 'yeh sab ban gaye crorepati' (It seems that they all have become crorepati),\" said Kumar, who got active on the social networking site a month after he won the Rs 5 crore prize. \"I felt that some people were sharing their personal emotions and feelings with the imposters,\" said Kumar, who has 203 people on his friends' list.However, the pretenders are doing much better. There are more than a dozen accounts claiming to be the original Sushil Kumar with hundreds of friends added into each of it. Going through the posts, many have listed their personal details in the public sphere.\"It is a perfect example of identity fraud happening on the web. Most of the fakers have used pictures of the Motihari native which were widely used in the media,\" said web consultant Pravir Krishak. The media interest generated after his win nearly gave all his personal details away, he added.Currently, on a promotional tour of reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, Kumar has 'called a friend for support'. \"I am not net savvy. I have now asked my cousin who is a techie to help manage my social account.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14572812", "title": "3 boys feared drowned at Juhu beach", "text": "MUMBAI: Three youngsters are believed to have drowned at Juhu beach on Sunday afternoon. While the police traced the body of a youngster, the search for two others was continuing till late in the night.On Sunday afternoon, Juhu Galli residents, Zuber Shaikh (15) and Sayyad Arbaz Ali (17) along with their five friends had gone to the beach. They were playing in the sea when Zuber and Sayyad went missing.An hour later, another teenager Aniket Gawane 17, too was reported lost in the sea. He was playing with his seven friends not far from where the first incident was reported.Nine persons have lost their lives in the 1-km stretch of the beach in the past one-and-a-half months after the private lifeguards guarding the beach stopped working because of alleged non-cooperation of the police and other government agencies.Their friends alerted passers-by and the police, who managed to trace Zuber's body in the evening.The BMC claims it has deployed, for the first time, the fire brigade and civil defence officials to prevent such cases. \"We have observed that in the past few years the number of drowning cases in the beaches has increased. Hence, we have decided to take precautionary measures to prevent such deaths,\" said a civic official. Mahesh Narvekar, chief officer, BMC disaster management, said, \"We have posted 35 life-guards across the six beaches. Additionally, on holidays and high-tide days, fire brigade and civil defence personnel are deployed on the beach.\"He added, \"During high tide, the currents become very dangerous. We have placed warning signs but they are often ignored. On Sunday too, navy divers were deployed but they had difficulty recovering the bodies.\"On June 24, three teenaged boys had drowned off Juhu beach. The deceased, Imran Kadri, his brother went to the beach along with their Delhi-based friend, who had come to Mumbai for vacation. The boys, residents of Dhake colony near Versova.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14572729", "title": "Minor student molested by teacher", "text": "GONDIA: Rawanwadi police arrested a teacher - Vijay Shahare (24) - for molesting a minor student of Pipartola village. The incident took place on June 20, when the 14-year-old girl had gone to answer nature's call at around 10.30 pm. Shahare who was keeping a watch on the girl, allegedly molested her and threatened her of dire consequences if she told it to anyone.After 10 days of the incident, the girl, a Std IX student of Pandharabodi High School, mustered courage and told her mother who then informed the police. Rawanwadi police registered an offence under Section 376 and 506(b) and arrested the teacher on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571343", "title": "Click and the world is yours", "text": "KOLKATA: Between commuting nearly 40km a day to office and back, and managing a home, Tapasya Datta wished she could somehow make the clock run slow to find time for herself - buy a book or simply go window-shopping. Now, she does go 'windows' shopping, gets the latest releases delivered to her home and even gifts for friends - all from the comfort of her beanbag.Tapasya rarely makes it home before 9pm by when all the markets are closed. But online shopping has given her the freedom she could only dream of. It's growing by leaps and bounds in Kolkata, a city that has traditionally enjoyed the whole experience of shopping - the journey to a market, jostling through crowds, haggling for the best bargain, and aimlessly flitting from store to store.It seems life has come a full circle in Kolkata. Mall hopping is passe and net hopping is the trendiest. E-shopping portals say that the cash-on-delivery system has proved to be very popular in Kolkata.These sites are like multi-brand retail stores with garments, footwear, accessories, jewellery, gadgets, books and videos and even unique hobby items on sale. These sites put in a lot of effort to keep the catalogue upgraded to hook young buyers. The focus is more on customer experience and retention. The average age of the clientele at myntra.com, for instance, is between 22 years and 30 years. \"We have to take care of their needs by analyzing their buying trends,\" said Ashutosh Lawania, co-founder and head of sales of myntra.com. \"Sixty-five percent of our business happens through cash-on-delivery mechanism. The fashion and lifestyle market in India is worth $50-billion, out of which around 6% sales is contributed by the online portals. By 2015-16 this sector will become a $100-billion market and 8-10% of that will come from online portals,\" he said.Kolkata is one of the key markets for myntra.com as it gets 8% business here, Lawania said, adding that the market is growing steadily. According to a recent Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) survey, e-commerce is witnessing a year-on-year growth of 70%, driven significantly by Kolkata and the rest of the east.Kashyap Vadapalli, chief marketing officer of eBay India, corroborates the sharp growth of online shopping portals in the last 18-24 months, saying: \"It's a very consistent and sustainable growth.\" He feels that this growth is driven by increase in broadband penetration, updation in social networking sites, mobile internet, increase in number of women shopping online and increase in penetration of internet in Tier II and Tier III cities. It is expected to be booming in the next two-three years it will be blooming.\"We study online consumer consumption patterns annually. According to last year's report, there are 3,311 e-commerce hubs in the country, of which Kolkata is the 8th largest. Bengal ranks 10th among the states with most gadget purchases. Kolkata and Bengal have been featuring on the top 10 lists for the last three years,\" Vadapalli said.Books are the hottest e-commerce items in Kolkata. \"I buy a lot of books from online sites. It's a great experience because I can read the review of a book and comments of other readers before purchasing it,\" says Amlan Kusum Chakraborty. \"Online shopping has made life much easier as it saves time and energy. We can even do it in between work and it gives us a little time for ourselves. Also, it breaks the monotony,\" he said. Amlan likes some customer-friendly features of online shopping, like 'add to my wishlist'. \"This helps me do a deferred purchase. If I don't have money this month, I can buy it the next month,\" he explains.Net-savvy customers, especially urban youth, were Flipkart's early customers in Kolkata, says Ravi Vora, vice-president, marketing, of Flipkart. \"But with word-of-mouth publicity and expansion in categories, we now have customers across all age groups. In the East and North East, we have a lot of traffic from customers aged 18 - 25 years. Books, movies and music and games are very popular with them,\" he says. \"We closed 2011-12 with a revenue of Rs 500 crore and are hoping to reach Rs 5,000 crore ($1 Billion) by 2015. Today, Flipkart ships out around 35,000 items per day, translating to daily sales worth Rs 2.5 crore.\"Urvashi Sahay, founder &amp; chief executive officer, Excluzen, said her site is a platform for aspiring, affluent NRIs to shop niche products online. \"We take pride in bringing to our members 'the best that life has to offer' across a full range of lifestyle categories including premium travel, hotels , shopping, nightlife, health &amp; beauty, golf, private charters and more.\" Her site offers members EMI facilities for expensive products and her clientele is spread across the world.Aashish Puri, chief operating officer of rock.in, said his company is getting a lot of orders from Kolkata and also Guwahati and Imphal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14568531", "title": "Court lets off convict with mentally challenged daughter", "text": "A man convicted for rash driving in a 19-year-old case has been let off with a meagre fine. The court adopted a lenient view as the man has a mentally challenged daughter. Central Delhi resident Ish Sharma was let off with a fine of Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14588903", "title": "Value of land in Mumbai has grown multiple times", "text": "MUMBAI: Land transactions here have their shades of grey. A seller may officially declare a conservative figure, but the actual amount could, in many cases, be much higher as it is paid in cash.Underhand and shady land dealings are part of the city's real estate industry, but nothing comes across as shockingly as a recent transaction reported by this newspaper last week.A prime eight-acre plot was sold for a measly Rs 1.75 crore by a Madhya Pradesh government-owned company to a little-known builder a decade ago. The same land fetched an astronomical Rs 600 crore last month when it was resold to a prominent builder.Value of land has grown multiple times in the past ten years. However, this is the first case where it has increased to an unusually high level during this period. The needle of suspicion falls on the company officials involved in virtually gifting away the plot at a throwaway price in 2002. This calls for a thorough investigation by the Madhya Pradesh government to find out the people who were involved in this deal.Incidentally, when the transaction was carried out, the Congress was in power in that state. But so far even the present BJP dispensation in Madhya Pradesh has shown no inclination in ordering a probe. The role of Mumbai's Slum Rehabilitation Authority, which grants permission to redevelop slums, also needs to be investigated.Residents of the Kalachowkie plot claim the land was never a slum, but was illegally declared as one by the authority so that its value would increase. A builder redeveloping a slum is allowed a much higher construction rights than in other schemes. Hence, such plots fetch a premium. Some residents have dragged the authority to court, where the issue will now be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571551", "title": "Trinamool's July 21 rally at Esplanade", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool core committee, comprising of all its party MPs and select MLAs, on Saturday ratified a decision to shift Trinamool's July 21 rally this year to the busy Esplanade. Last year, even Brigade was filled to brim as nearly a million-strong crowd, braving the inclement weather attended it.Though holding it in Esplanade - where the rally was always held before the party came to power - would bring the city to a complete halt on a Saturday, the party did a rethink since the \"partyworkers always associate July 21 with the Esplanade venue\" and the supporters last year,had to brave odds due to the \"muddy Brigade\". July 21 is a Saturday and a large number of office-goers will be spared the ordeal.The chief minister, who has always spoken against inconvenience to people by sporadic road blocks and rallies, is likely to make an exception this time for her party's major event.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is also likely to address a meeting of all Trinamool office-bearers - its biggest in recent past - at Kshudiram Anushilan Kendra on Monday, where she is likely to draw a road-map for party workers in the run-up to the rally. That the party is attaching significance to the meeting tomorrow is evident from those invited.All MPs, MLAs, municipality and civic-body office-bearers, party's district unit chiefs, the presidents of all its frontal organizations and Kolkata Municipal Corporation councillors will be attending the meeting.The Trinamool core committee - which was largely defunct after the elections in May last year - has also been revved up and it will hold a weekly meeting at Trinamool Bhawan every Saturday. On Saturday, the committee members, in the meeting, decided that the party has to effectively counter the \"vicious campaign\" against it. which was gaining in sting and voice, and for that all the leaders need to be disseminated about the party's views on various issues plaguing the state.\"Government's success in the year it has been in power, needs to be told to the people more effectively and factually,\" a senior leader said.Though Monday's meeting may discuss the party strategy in New Delhi as the Parliament session starts in a fortnight, it may remain silent on the forthcoming presidential election. \"Trinamool's view on the presidential polls will be decided by the chairperson and communicated at an appropriate time,\" party's Rajya Sabha MP and spokesperson Derek O' Brien, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14574141", "title": "Touts at play, Puja trains to Bengal full", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are planning to catch a train to Kolkata in time for Durga Puja, you may be in for disappointment. Between October 18 and 20, all tickets in all classes have been booked - in fact, within 10 days of the four-month window period for booking opening up. Festive spirit aside, government sources said touts and booking agents seemed to have blocked the tickets, anticipating the yearly rush and demand for tickets.The IRCTC website shows that between October 18 and 20, the minimum waitlisted tickets for AC and sleeper coaches from Delhi to Howrah is around 40. Barring this three-day bracket, tickets are available across classes. According to the IRCTC website, a third AC ticket on the Sealdah Rajdhani on October 18 is waitlisted 100 while it is 253 for the next day. In the case of Duronto, the waitlist for October 18 is 44 and for October 19 it is 256. It's no different in case of sleeper class. In Poorva express, the sleeper class waitlist is 120 for October 19.Return tickets from Kolkata to Delhi on October 18 and 19 have been sold out too.Tickets for Mumbai-Kolkata, however, were available irrespective of the dates. \"This is because there is a huge concentration of Bengali population in Delhi and majority of them go home to celebrate the festival with close relatives,\" said a railway source.\"This has been the trend all these years. Earlier, all tickets would get exhausted within 10-15 days of the three-month booking window period. People ended up trying for tatkal or approaching a tout.\"Sources said touts and booking agents commonly booked tickets en masse in fake names. \"Since the names entered on the hard tickets in short form, this helps the touts to sell them to anyone. Usually, the ticket checkers don't verify the names or match them with the IDs of travellers,\" said a source in the railways.There is no comfort in flying either. Already, the return fare from Delhi to Kolkata is touching Rs 10,000. The most expensive fares are on low-cost carriers. On July 1, a travel portal showed SpiceJet fare for Delhi to Kolkata touching almost Rs 9,000.CVC mulls probe into tatkal plaintsHaving received complaints about irregularities in the tatkal scheme - highlighted by TOI as well - the Central Vigilance Commission is considering an inquiry to ascertain if railway officials are involved as well. Official sources said the CVC was likely to launch the probe on its own or through the railways ministry's chief vigilance officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "14572475", "title": "Teams to make surprise inspection of MGNREGA, other rural schemes", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Those found lax in implementing Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA) or any other central or state rural schemes will be sternly dealt with as Nalanda district administration has planned to get the progress of all ongoing schemes in the district inspected by teams of district officials formed for the purpose.Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal on Sunday said that several teams headed by senior district officials have been formed to inspect various rural development schemes to check whether the officials concerned are implementing the schemes sincerely or not. Punitive action will be taken against those found lax in duty on the recommendation of the inspecting team. He further said that the surprise teams would also visit different panchayats of the district every Tuesday. It is only the nodal officers at the block offices concerned who will tell the surprise teams which panchayats to visit so that the team members get a realistic picture of the ongoing schemes. Transparency will also be maintained in this manner. DDC B B Kartikeya D, a 2008 IAS officer , has been made the nodal officer.The DM also warned that the mukhiya, Vikas Mitras and other officials found missing on the day of inspection will be punished. He also said that the team will submit its inspection report to the nodal officer the same evening and failure to do so will also be considered as dereliction of duty and appropriate action will also be taken in this regard as well. He said that the innovative scheme, which is being implemented from July 3, will substantially improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore/ mandya", "code": "14575894", "title": "Acid attack leaves four injured", "text": "Mysore/ Mandya: A fight between two cousins on Saturday night ended in acid attack, injuring four persons, including two women, at Pattasomanahalli in Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district.Somashekar, one of the victims, has suffered serious injuries on face and chest, and is battling for life. KR Hospital medical officer Mohan, a plastic surgeon, is treating the victims. He told TOI that Somashekar has suffered 40% burns. The other victims who are being treated at the hospital are Shashikumar, 30, Devamma, 28, and Sharadamma, 52.Police say Mahadevaiah, 60, and Cheluvaiah, 59 - cousins living in the same neighbourhood - have not been in good terms and had frequent fights whenever the former's cattle grazed near the latter's house. At 5pm on Saturday, the cattle again went near Cheluvaiah's house, which triggered an argument, only to fizzle out later.But around 9pm, Cheluvaiah came to Mahadevaiah's house allegedly in an inebriated state and started hurling abuses, which triggered a clash between their family members. It turned violent after Murali, a nephew of Cheluvaiah, brought acid and splashed it on Mahadevaiah's family members. Four of those injured were admitted to KR Hospital.Murali had allegedly brought the toxic liquid kept for washing vessels used in preparing jaggery, police said. Dr Mohan said the acid was diluted.Ningamma, one of relatives of the injured, said: \"The families often fought with each other over trivial reasons. But it ended with an acid attack on the fateful night.\" Pandavapura police are searching for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572020", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited to buy new transformers, Gomtinagar set to get addl supply", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having blacklisted nearly a dozen companies allegedly supplying poor quality transformers, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on Sunday decided to procure transformers from some of the multi-national companies.In the initial phase, the corporation picked up Lucknow for which it ordered procurement of 20 transformers of 630 kVA capacity and another 20 transformers of 400 kVA capacity. Likewise, the corporation has invited offers from some other companies for procuring 10 MVA and 5 MVA transformers, which would be installed in the state capital. The companies, UPPCL chairman, Avanish Awasthi said, are likely to respond in a day or two. Awasthi said that the new transformers will be installed in those localities from where instances of transformers getting damaged were reported.The issue of poor quality of transformers had cropped up during a review meeting of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who asked the UPPCL officials to take stern action against all such companies. Until now, as many as nine companies supplying transformers have been blacklisted, while other six companies are on the radar, UPPCL officials said.At the same time, the corporation has also constituted 11 teams of officials which would carry out surprise inspection of various distribution sub-stations in the state capital. The team would subsequently prepare a report on the maintenance of the sub-stations and assess the load on them.Relief is essentially in for the residents of Gomtinagar locality, which would also get an additional supply from the Malasiamau sub-station. For this, the corporation released a sum of Rs 7 crore. Likewise, the corporation will be laying seven kilometres of underground cable in Chinhat locality. Awasthi said that the work will be completed within 20 days.UPPCL has also appealed the local bodies in the state to ensure that street lights are switched off in time to save energy.Likewise, it has asked the government offices, residential and commercial areas to resort to minimum usage of ACs. The corporation said that the demand for power has witnessed an unprecedented rise this year because of hot weather conditions. It was because of this that the distribution system is getting overloaded often leading to its tripping in some places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14579312", "title": "BSY, Keshubhai pile on woes for BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when BJP chief Nitin Gadkari is busy celebrating his second son's wedding, he has trouble on his plate from two former chief ministers. While the greater trouble for the party is from former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, the other is from former Gujarat CM Keshubhai Patel. This could be an irritant for BJP in a year that the state is preparing for assembly elections under the leadership of Narendra Modi.On the Karnataka front, Gadkari has decided to take the hardline as the party leadership cannot be seen as succumbing to pressure from the restive faction.While the party leadership has conveyed to Yeddyurappa that he cannot be made chief minister now, in view of the graft cases against him, the party cannot afford to do without his considerable clout if it has to retain power in the state that goes into polls next year. Therefore, whatever resolution the party arrives at to untangle the Karnataka mess, it will have to factor in the fact that Yeddyurrappa is not left unhappy . Senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said, \"There is no crisis in Karnataka . All problems that have occurred will be fully resolved.\"In Gujarat, while BJP has little option but to toe the Narendra Modi line, the party would not want Keshubhai to leave the fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14566392", "title": "MLA\u2019s complaint lands Guntur city planner in the dock", "text": "GUNTUR: The state government has ordered a vigilance inquiry against the city planner of Guntur Municipal Corporation (GMC) following Congress MLA Mastan Vali's flood of complaints to the CM's office alleging harassment by the former. Vali's family was issued a show-cause notice recently by the GMC for constructing a multi-storied structure allegedly in violation of building rules.The move, however, has been decried by rights activists. \"Instead of allowing the GMC to bulldoze the MLA's building, the government has taken the city planner to task and ordered an inquiry,\" said civic rights activist A Sanjeeva Reddy. According to sources, the official, K Dhanunjaya Reddy, was made a scapegoat to save municipal commissioner K Sudhakar, who was instrumental in issuing the show-cause notice to the family of the legislator.The GMC backed out from taking action against the MLA after issuing the notice to him in April, the sources added. Sudhakar, who claimed that they would act as per the rules, has also gone silent. The notices were issued on April 28, asking the legislator to reply within a week.The town planning wing had identified several lapses in the building's construction. Three days later, the legislator submitted a representation to the commissioner urging him to institute a high-level probe against the alleged violations and take action if the charges are proved.The building in question is a four-storied structure while it has permission for construction of ground plus one only, the sources said.Several other deviations too were noticed by the town planning wing officials. The legislator was also using the open space in front of the site illegally.Two separate plans were issued in the names of Shaik Gouse and Rabia (MLA's wife). As per the rules, once granted, the plan cannot be changed. As if to endorse the legislator's violations, the revenue wing at GMC levied taxes on his house after the issue of plan violations came to light. They conveniently ignored the charges that the MLA had been paying paltry amounts in the name of old landlord in the past four years, thereby evading huge tax payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570213", "title": "Ellisbridge police officials suspended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police commissioner suspended two police inspectors and a sub-inspector posted at Ellisbridge police station, on Sunday. The suspended officials were charged with dereliction of duty in connection with a gambling den functioning in Paldi at Sudama Resorts.On Friday deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, V Chandrashekhar had raided the resort and seized Rs 16 lakh cash and arrested 104 gamblers from there. The owners of the resort Dinesh Kalgi and Mahendra Patel have been booked for gambling.After the operation Chandrashekhar submitted a report to the city police commissioner. Based on this report, Ellisbridge police inspectors B K Purohit and P M Parmar and police sub-inspector in-charge of surveillance P D Solanki have been suspended.In 2010 police inspector of Sola police station, HM Kundaliya, had been suspended on charges of allowing Dinesh Thakkar alias Dinesh Kalgi to operate a gambling den in Sola.Police inspector (city police control room), A R Chaudhary, has been posted at Ellisbridge police station after the trio's suspension.Interestingly, Sudama Resorts was raided six times in the last year. Two of these raids were headed by a police sub-inspector who is closely associated with a DCP. In each of these raids the cops had reported that no illegal activities could be found at the resort.Not just that, city crime branch, ACP (A division), DGP's vigilance squad and Anti Corruption Bureau too had raided the resort during the last year. None of these police teams could find anything illegal at the resort. They too had reported \"nil\" in their physical verification reports which meant that there was nothing out of the ordinary at the resort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571591", "title": "Social activists, students felicitated on Doctor\u2019s Day", "text": "KANPUR: Several doctors gathered at IMA hall on Sunday to celebrate Doctor's Day. Many social activists, who are serving the mankind in one or the other, were honoured. Meritorious students were also felicitated by the doctors.Divisional commissioner Shalini Prasad was the guest of honour in the function organized by Indian Medical Association (IMA). Municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan, KDA vice-chairperson R M Yadav were present as special guests. The chief guest and special guests felicitated the social activists and students.Ram Bala Mishra, who is working against female foetus, was felicitated. Manoj Sengar founder of Yug Dadichi Deh Daan Sanstha was honoured. Murlidhar Gyanchandani, a social activist was also felicitated.In the category of outstanding work in field of education, Angad Sigh,BNSD Shiksha Niketan principal Angad Singh was felicitated for his outsanding work in the field of education. MLA Salil Vshnoi was awarded for his work in politics.Several meritorious students of IMA members who scored good marks in boards or got selected in IIT or CPMT were also felicitated.IMA president S K Mishra highlighted the history and significance of Doctor's Day.\"On this day, the person remembered in a special way is Dr B C Roy. His selfless social service led him to the political arena and he became leader of Indian National Congress and later the chief minister of West Bengal. Dr Roy passed away on July 1, 1962. We pay tribute to that great person for his service by observing July I as Doctor's Day,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14567887", "title": "Minivan mows down eight-year-old girl", "text": "BANGALORE: An eight-year-old girl was mowed down by a speeding minivan on Sunday afternoon when she strayed on to the road while playing in front of her house in Satyanagar of Banaswadi.Anitha K, the victim, was playing on the road side. She ran on to the road. The driver of a speeding minivan noticed the girl and applied the brakes. But the vehicle stopped only after hitting the girl .Anitha was taken to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead.Tension prevailed in the area as residents blocked the road. They were pacified and dispersed by police.A complaint has been lodged by her father Kumar, a daily wage worker, with Banaswadi traffic police. Police have secured the vehicle and arrested the van driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594373", "title": "Amisha's hotel arrest", "text": "Amisha Patel was under house... oops hotel arrest, literally!The actress, who was shooting for Race 2 in Turkey, was holed up in the hotel and could not venture out of it even once for the entire schedule. It was not only Amisha but the entire cast and crew including Saif Ali Khan , Anil Kapoor , John Abraham , Jacqueline Fernendes, producer Ramesh Taurani and directors Abbas Mustan who had to stay put in the hotel.A source said, \"\"The unit had to shoot at the very hotel where the unit was put up. Worse, it happened to be on the outskirts of Turkey alienating it from the main city. Though it was a very plush hotel where the interiors were done up in real gold and spelt snobbish luxury it got into the unit after a while. Being amongst the decor day in and out now meant little and they desperately wanted to venture out. But there was a hitch there too. The hotel was located at such a place where there were no tourists spots and the drive to the main city would take over two hours. But their schedule being hectic they just could not afford to do that.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602913", "title": "Amrita Rao raises a shocking bill!", "text": "We hear Amrita Rao has recently been 'colourful', and no, that's got nothing to do with anything called love but because of the Mumbai heat.Apparently, the actress is so sick and tired of the heat here that she decided to go all colorful to fight it. But what she did next has quite shocked a lot of people.Amrita decided to go shopping and came back home with packets full of bright clothes to completely change her wardrobe. The stuff she bought no doubt was pretty and vibrant, but we hear she spent about 50,000 rupees on her shopping from just one store in a day!The fact sunk in only after she was home and going through her packets. But one learns she was so glad and happy to see her new collection that she soon overcame the expense worry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14574073", "title": "BSNL warning over missed calls and SIM cloning", "text": "LUCKNOW: Next time if you get a missed call starting with +92; #90 or #09, don't show the courtesy of calling back. BSNL has issued alerts to subscribers \u2014 particularly about the series mentioned above \u2014 saying that calling the number back after a missed call may make a user susceptible to SIM card cloning. There is, however, confusion over this claim made by some BSNL and intelligence officials. Cloning a SIM card requires physical access to it or the interception of the communication between the caller and his or her cellphone operator's network.It is said that one lakh subscribers have fallen prey to this scam. Intelligence agencies too are said to have confirmed to the service providers particularly in the UP West telecom division that such a racket is going on and the menace is growing fast. \"We are sure there must be some more similar combinations that the miscreants are using to clone the handsets, including SIM, and all the information stored in them,\" an intelligence officer told TOI. (This claim made by this intelligence official seems implausible, or nearly impossible.)General manager of BSNL, RV Verma, said the department had already issued alerts to all the broadband subscribers and now alerts were being SMSed to other subscribers as well.Anyone can clone a SIM card by using a hardware tool that can read and copy information from it. But wirelessly or remotely intercepting information contained within the SIM, though theoretically possible, is considered extremely difficult. It may require hacking into the telecom operator's network or using very expensive tools. An article on eHow, a website that explains how users can performs various tasks using several gadgets, says that the SIM can be cloned using a cheap hardware tool that can extract the authentication key from one SIM and copy it to another. But it doesn't mention any method that can make use of missed calls to clone a SIM.\"It usually starts with a missed call from a number starting with +92. In case the subscriber takes the call before it is dropped as a missed call then the caller on the other end poses as a call center executive checking the connectivity. The caller then asks the subscriber to press # 09 or # 90 call back on his number to establish that the connectivity to the subscriber was seamless,\" says a victim who reported the matter to the BSNL office at Moradabad last week. \"The moment I redialled the caller number, my account balance lost a sum of money. Thereafter, in the three days that followed every time I got my cell phone recharged, the balance would be reduced to single digits within the next few minutes,\" she told the BSNL officials.(This is a modified version of the story originally published at 4.14am IST on July 2, 2012. The modifications clarify some technical points about SIM cloning and express our reservations about the claims made by officials.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566326", "title": "Junk unit in Bahadurpura goes up in flames", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fire broke out in a junk unit near Mir Alam Tank in Bahadurpura on Sunday afternoon. Scrap spread over a one-acre stretch belonging to a sponge iron godown was gutted.A fire fighting vehicle from Bahadurpura was sent for the operations. The fire was reportedly started by some workers who wanted to dispose of waste material but it soon got out of control and started spreading dangerously close to a mosque located in the adjoining plot. Since most of the fire tenders were deployed in fire fighting operations at Jubilee Hall in Public Gardens, it took about an hour for the vehicle to reach the spot. This prompted the owner of the building to lodge a complaint against the fire department for sending the vehicle late. The extent of damages is minimal, fire officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "an interview with rajesh joshi, head execution, chd developers ltd", "code": "14570102", "title": "Bricks, tiles reused but 50% of debris still not recycled: Rajesh Joshi", "text": "An interview with Rajesh Joshi, head execution, CHD Developers Ltd:What is the approximate amount of construction waste that the city generates? What exactly accounts for such waste? It is difficult to calculate how much construction waste is generated in the city. On an average, however, such waste contributes about one and a half of the total concrete volume. A study done by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission states that in India the construction industry generates about 10-12 million tonnes of waste annually. Concrete, shuttering material, paint, bricks, tiles, wood, metal, debris and masonry account for such construction waste. Most of this can be recycled but concrete and masonry which constitute over 50% of the construction waste are not being recycled in India.What is expenditure involved in disposing of construction waste? Disposal of construction waste in an eco-friendly manner would cost approximately 1% of the total project value.Are there any specific dumping sites in the city where construction waste can be disposed of? As of now, there is no mechanism for collection and disposal of construction waste in the NCR. In fact, the there is very little effort to manage and utilise construction waste.What could be the uses of such waste \u2014 can it be recycled? Brick, tiles, wood and metal are in most cases reused. Concrete and masonry which constitute over 50% of the construction waste are not being recycled in India. However, in some cases, these materials can be recycled for select usage. It is usually used to the reclamation areas.Are there any penalties in case someone is found to casually dump construction waste on green belts or nullahs? If found guilty, government authorities can take stringent action and penalize the one at fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595875", "title": "Coming year may not be perfect for Ranveer Singh?", "text": "As Ranveer Singh enters the 28th year of his life on July 6, numerologist predicts he could face hiccups in work, health or even love life.Ranveer Singh is the most promising actor around who has also made it on his own. On the eve of his 27th birthday, we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi what the future holds for Ranveer Singh.\"Ranveer was born on 6th July 1985 which makes him a Number 6 (Venus) person in numerology. Like all Cancerians, he is ruled by Numbers 2 and 7 (Moon and Ketu) while his destiny number adds up to Number 9 (Mars)\", explains Bhavikk.\"Being ruled primarily by Venus, Ranveer has a certain charm which drew the attention of the audience right from his first film. The Moon and Ketu effect makes him an emotional person while the power of Mars makes him a go getter of sorts\", explains Bhavikk.\"Ranveer will now enter the 28th year of his life which may not turn out to be a perfect phase for him, as he will face his share of hiccups be it in his work, health or even love life for that matter\", predicts Bhavikk.\"His next release Lootera (2013) may do just about average business, but his performance will be well appreciated. After that in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Raam Leela , he will once again get critical acclaim and accolades from the paying public. Even the film will collect decent figures at the box office\".\"On the personal front, his equation with fellow co-star Sonakshi Sinha will not turn out the way people think. Although their numbers are quite compatible, Ranveer should refrain from any long term commitment as of now at least till a year\", advices Bhavikk.\"Wearing an Emerald and a Pearl on his smallest fingers on both the hands will help him bring that required speed in his life, better communication skills, levels of confidence and attain mental peace as he is likely to face unnecessary stress during most part of the year\", advices Bhavikk on a serious note before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571115", "title": "Blue-and-white makeover for Salt Lake soon", "text": "KOLKATA: After Trinamool Congress came to power in May last year, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had untaken a project to paint the city in chief minister Mamata Banerjee's favourite colors - blue and white. And now, Bidhannagar Municipality is catching up with the city civic body by giving Salt Lake a new blue-and-white look.To begin with, the municipality has started painting its five-storey building. According to officials, next in line are the traffic islands, pavements and the dividers. A fresh coat of paint is a part of the township's beautification plans, a civic official said.\"Not only the municipality building, the walls of the traffic islands and road sides will also be painted in blue and white in several parts of the township, along with the trident street lighting,\" he said. A portion of the walls surrounding Central Park has also been painted in blue and white. Officials in Bidhannagar Municipality feel Salt Lake has abundant greenery and the new colours will give the township a catchy look.Recently, the civic authorities handed over the maintenance work for the township's traffic islands to advertising agencies that use them commercially. According to sources, billboards that have been put up inside the traffic islands will be removed soon and the urban development department will renovate these islands before painting them.At present, the civic body maintains over 50 big and small parks in Salt Lake. However, the department is working on a holistic plan to engage private players to beautify parks, waterbodies, ponds, median dividers and pavements not only in Salt Lake but in other areas like Rajarhat New Town, Sector V and Kalyani as well. Selected companies will be entrusted with maintaining the areas they beautify, a senior official said.\"We welcome this initiative of painting the township in blue and white. However, we feel strongly that equal attention should be given on repairing some of the roads that are in very poor shape. With smooth roads, the beautification programme could have received a holistic look,\" said Bidhannagar welfare association secretary K S Sadhu.Mamata Banerjee's wish to paint the city in blue and white has also touched Salt Lake. The Bidhannagar municipality has started painting the township with blue and white. Starting off, the five storied municipality building has already been coloured blue and white and the traffic islands and road sides will also be beautified with the blue and white coating.Civic officials said the colouring of blue and white is a part of the township's beautification plans.\"Not only the municipality building, the walls of the traffic islands, boulevards and road sides will also be painted in blue and white in several parts of the township, along with the trident street lighting.\" said a civic official. A portion of the walls surrounding Central Park has also been painted with blue and white. Salt Lake has much greenery and the blue and white colour for beautification will bring upon a eye catching look, civic officials feel.Earlier, following the to use blue and white colour in the city, the urban development department had come up with the plan to paint all government buildings in the suburbs with blue and white.The Bidhannagar municipality had been working on plans of the township's beautification. Recently, the civic authorities handed over the maintenance work for the township's traffic islands to advertising agencies that use them commercially, while the civic body itself maintains over 50 big and small parks there.The urban development department is also working on renovating and beautifying several trafficislands within the township. Billboards that have been put up inside many of the traffic islands will be removed while the boulevard s and road dividers will also be beautified having the blue and white coat.The urban development department is working on a holistic plan to engage private players to beautify traffic islands, parks, water bodies, ponds, median dividers and pavements not only in Salt Lake but in other areas such as Rajarhat New Town, Sector V and Kalyani as well. The selected companies will also be entrusted with maintaining the areas they beautify, a senior official said. Presently, the respected civic authorities of these areas look after the maintenance of the parks, road dividers and pavements.\"We welcome this initiative of painting the township with blue and white. However we feel that along with this if equal attention could had been given on repairing some of the roads that are in very poor shape, the beautification programme could had received a holistic approach,\" said Bidhannagar welfare association secretary K.S. Sadhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570806", "title": "Man nearly scripts deadly end", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rakesh Pandya, 27, was hunting for some fun games on his touch-screen mobile phone when this innocuous activity turned into a game of death in real life. The sales executive absent-mindedly placed the stylus in his mouth and accidentally swallowed it. The stylus tore up his intestine. Thanks to the doctors, it was not game over for him.Rakesh says he was not bothered initially. He had heard stories of people flushing out marbles and coins from their bodies the next morning. But there was no sign of the stylus the next day, so he consulted a doctor who prescribed laxatives. The doctor assured him his prescription would throw the object out of his system.On the second day, however, he started getting extreme bouts of pain. \"We did an endoscopy but it showed nothing. We got a CT scan done which confirmed that the stick had travelled into his intestines and pierced them\", gastroenterologist Dr Sudhanshu Patwari said.\"During surgery we found that the mobile stick had pierced the small intestine with the sharp point close to the carotid artery, the main blood vessel in the body. Had the stick pierced it, there was the possibility of internal bleeding and fatality,\" said gastro-intestinal surgeon Dr Hitesh Chavda.\"A stylus piercing the intestines was one of the rarest cases I have seen,\" said Chavda who took three and half hours to safely remove the object, measuring 5 cm, and stitch up the intestines.Doctors say Indians have a tendency of putting things in the mouth. \"Most common things ingested at the workplace are office pins which are very sharp. With women, it is safety pins and hair pins. Children are more prone to swallowing coins and marbles,\" Patwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577559", "title": "Coimbatore organisation looks for volunteers to teach orphans", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore division of Make A Difference (MAD), voluntary organization is looking for volunteers to teach English to its students in orphanages.T Nivedhitha, a senior official of the organisation said good communication as well as written English is a must for the candidates ready to volunteer. \"This will be an opportunity for them to teach young students to converse in English and make a change in the lives of these students,\" she added.The organisation has been involved in teaching students from classes V-X in orphanages. \"We teach them basics of the language. The classes are usually held on weekends. Interested students and professionals can apply,\" said Niveditha. A group discussion followed by a personal interview shall be conducted for selecting the candidate. Niveditha added that the selected candidate will be trained in the aptitude of teaching.The programme which will be administered based on the Cambridge English for Schools Curriculum is designed to make the students fluent in language. It is a five year course.Niveditha added since the classes are held on weekends, the volunteers must be able to commit some of their time. They will also be responsible in taking the students to various public places and introduce them to various officials.\"As part of our programme, the young students are given a chance to interact with various officials. The volunteers should be able to take the responsibility for such programmes,\" she said.Those interested can register at their website or contact at 8220962557.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14579752", "title": "In company of elders, all the world is heaven", "text": "When Usha Madhurathan moved to Bangalore from Visakhapatnam, she realized how lonely she was despite having spent her childhood in the city.\"In Visakhapatnam, I lived with my husband and children in a colony which functioned like a close-knit family. When we moved back to Bangalore after my husband's retirement , I realized that although I had grown up here and had relatives in various parts, I was rather alone in Banashankari,\" she says.Usha's loneliness intensified after her husband's sudden demise . \"My children were around, but they had their lives to live. So I realized I had to develop friendships with like-minded people in the area to overcome loneliness. I attended workshops at the Landmark Forum, after which I decided to use leadership qualities to build a conducive environment for senior citizens in the area,\" she recounts.As a first step, Usha approached MR Rangaswamy , an active elderly person in the Banashankari circuit, and broached the idea of forming a senior citizens' forum. \"He said he will do something and a few days later, I was touched to see 44 senior citizens land up at my place,\" smiles Usha.Hope in the name of JnanajyothiThat meeting in September 1999 was the crux of what has emerged as one of the most active movements to sensitize people towards the needs of senior citizens. Jnanajyothi was born on November 28, 1999, the International Year for Senior Citizens.\"When Usha, who is currently secretarygeneral of Jnanajyothi, approached me with the idea of a seniors' forum, I was ready to take it up because I had just attended a workshop on ageing gracefully. Bangalore has around 12 lakh senior citizens. Today, our objective is to care for the elders in each of the city's 198 wards and solve problems based on our own expertise. So, we meet between 4pm and 6pm on every third Monday of the month at BNM Educational Institution in Banashankari ,\" says Rangaswamy, president, Jnanajyothi.Smile for smileThese graceful people not only keep themselves happy but also spread the cheer across generations and social strata.\"We have programmes spread out through the year - in January, we roll out scholarships to students of BNM. In March, we celebrate International Women's Day and felicitate three women who've contributed to society. Last year, we felicitated Sonia Narang, DCP (South). On May Day, we felicitate grassroots workers, ranging from police constables to Bescom linemen and sweepers, among others. In June, we distribute free stationery to the children of our maids, gardeners, cooks, milk vendors and all those who form the second circle of our families . In July, we sensitize teens by holding debate competitions on issues related to elder care in an attempt to bridge the gap between generations. Year after year, one team walks away with the Madhurathan rolling trophy. In October, we celebrate World Elders' Day. In November , we celebrate our anniversary with music, dress, sports and cooking contests for our members. In December, our children perform for us,\" says Rangaswamy.These elders also put away education funds for future generations, bring out a monthly newsletter titled Vision of Senior Citizens, assimilate computer skills for their basic needs like emailing and booking tickets online , and, constantly strive to stay happy through song and dance.Shanta Laxman, VP of Jnanajyothi, sums it up: \"Our forum has created a big beautiful podium for people to express themselves and bring forth their creativity. Over the years, we've pulled many of our ilk out of their shell to come on to the stage and perform. Today, they even host shows. Many of us live in big houses - children are away working elsewhere , sending us money. Little do they realize the amount of energy that goes into the upkeep of ourselves and these homes.\"Beyond happinessJnanajyothi is all encompassing - these members have planned it all, right from medical camps to preparing for death. \"We have a tie up with Aryavartha, under which post-death formalities are taken care of for a deposit of Rs 2,500. Almost all 800 members of Jnanajyothi have pledged their eyes and some of them their bodies to further medical research,\" says MR Rangaswamy, president, Jnanajyothi.A noble effortThe members motivate people by felicitating them. Society benefits from their services and they add colour to life. On our part, we try to be there for them when in need and help keep the area crime free.- H Veerabhadre Gowda | ACP, BanashankariWe are happy to host Jnanajyothi's meetings. But we benefit from them in far greater ways. Most of our schoolchildren learn by interacting with them. They are retired IAS officers, musicians, military men and lecturers. The elders host debates for children, tell them what trees to plant and also have bhajan sessions. It's a win-win for both children and elders.- Narayan Rao R Maanay | Secretary, Bnm Educational Institution", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14568935", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's ex-aides angry over 'dumping'", "text": "High-ranking bureaucrats associated with former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh for over a decade are shocked over the manner in which he dumped them.Deposing before the Adarsh judicial commission, probing the multi-crore housing society scam, Deshmukh, now Union minister for earth science &amp; technology, had stated last week that the bureaucrats had not sought his permission for securing society membership and that he was in the dark about some senior bureaucrats, their sons or daughters being members.Significantly, there are no takers for Deshmukh's claim. Those who know the procedure for allotment of government land to a cooperative housing society, know how membership is allotted, and it's difficult to believe that Deshmukh was unaware of members of Adarsh society comprising leading politicians, bureaucrats and military personnel. As per procedure, once a proposal for allotment of land is generated, it travels across the revenue, finance and environment departments and ultimately lands in the CM's office.It's known in the corridors of power that in each department, four to five members are added either by the secretary or cabinet member of the department. In addition, names are added at the level of the collector, who is the competent authority for approval of the list of members.A cursory glance of the list of members added at the level of the chief minister between 1995 and 2010 leads one to the conclusion that by and large most secretaries, private secretaries and personal assistants have been accommodated in some cooperative housing society or the other.A former chief secretary said it was unfortunate that Deshmukh chose to blame trusted aides, who were his eyes and ears, apparently to shirk responsibility.Grounded vesselIt was a different kind of right to information (RTI) application. A high-ranking Indian Police Service (IPS) officer was stunned when he saw a confidential note by then police commissioner Hasan Gafoor that showed that the home department led by senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and home minister R R Patil had decided to procure a total containment vessel for Rs 6.24 crore even though Mumbai and New Delhi airports had purchased similar vessels for Rs 3.18 crore and Rs 4.09 crore respectively.The deal was cancelled after Gafoor made it clear that he was against the procurement, but if one reads through the 400-odd pages on the controversial deal, obtained under the RTI Act, it is clear that the home department was keen on finalizing the contract, even though it would result in a loss of nearly Rs 3 crore to the exchequer.On the basis of the police commissioner's report, the home department should have cancelled the order or renegotiated the deal.However, it was found that legal opinion was taken from the assistant government pleader (AGP) on whether the police commissioner had powers to cancel the contract and in the event of it being cancelled, whether it would result in an additional burden on the state exchequer.When the AGP gave his opinion in favour of the police commissioner, fresh opinion was sought from the then state advocate-general, stating that since the trader has already imported the vessel, whether it would be proper to cancel the contract. It appears some senior home department officials were more concerned about the trader's welfare than the state.Proves detractors wrongA month ago, when low-profile Jayant Kumar Banthia took over reins of the state bureaucracy, doubts were expressed over his competence, particularly as he was away from Maharashtra for well over two decades.Surprisingly, Banthia proved his detractors wrong, when offices of key departments were gutted at Mantralaya recently.It was assumed that it will take at least a month for normal functioning of the state administrative headquarters. Banthia proved his detractors wrong, when he left no stone unturned to ensure that Mantralaya resumes normal operations within four days.A senior bureaucrat said that while the fire broke out on the afternoon of June 21, Banthia, along with a battery of bureaucrats, comprising U P S Madan, Milind Mhaiskar, Malini Shankar and Vikas Kharge were camping in the new administrative building across till basic work was completed by June 24 night.Subsequently, too, Banthia monitored minor repairs and simultaneously briefed the chief minister, deputy chief minister, law-enforcement agencies and national disaster management authority sl-euths on the damage to Mantralaya and preventive measures being taken to avoid a repeat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572643", "title": "New timings for some trains at Charbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the new railway timetable coming into effect on Sunday, the arrival/departure timings of some trains at Charbagh station have changed. Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi Express will arrive at the station at 12:35pm instead of 12:30pm.The schedule of 37 other trains too has been changed. These include Farakka Express, Bihar Sampark Kranti Express, Barauni Mail, Jhansi Intercity Express, Allahabad Intercity Express, Sultanpur-Lucknow passenger, Pratapgarh-Bhopal Express, Varanasi-Lucknow passenger, Lucknow-Faizabad passenger, Nauchandi Express, Garib Nawaz Express, Dehradun-Gorakhpur Express, Ahmedabad-Sultanpur Express, Ambala-Muzaffarpur Express, Varuna Express, Himgiri Express, Porbander-Motihari Express, Anand Vihar-Motihari Express, Punjab Mail, Sultanpur-Lokmanya Tilak Express, Bareilly-Allahabad Express, Begumpura Express and Rajendranagar-Indore Express.The platforms of six trains have also been changed in the new timetable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14571640", "title": "Babus oppose SP's promise of higher compensation to farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of higher compensation - six time the circle rate as promised by the ruling Samajwadi Party in its poll manifesto - to farmers seems to have got in a turf war between the state's bureaucracy and its political bosses. Most of the key departments in charge of undertaking government's development initiatives have termed the government's decision as \"economically unviable.\" The SP government, on the hand, is keen on fulfilling its promise.Circle rates of land are determined at the level of district magistrates on the basis of a survey of existing market rates at which land has been sold and by taking feedback from buyers and builders. Subsequently, a tentative rate list is made, for which objections are invited. Circle rates are then notified, after taking into consideration these objections. Though the DM surveys are mandatory at least once every two years, in certain regions, rates may be revised more than once in a year, depending upon demand.The differences started at the department of revenue, the nodal agency for formulating the state's new land acquisition policy. Attempting to force fit the Samajwadi government's election promise of acquiring land at six times the circle rate, the department heard from several departments, which include the industries, irrigation, housing and public works departments, who have raised issues about the practicality of the decision.Speaking to TOI, a senior government official said, \"To begin with, the decision will artificially inflate market rates. With a bulk of the state government funds being channelised for paying farmers, this will pose a serious impediment for other development activities. Already, it is well known that the state government coffers are cash-strapped.\"For Samajwadi Party, compensation equal to the six-times the circle rates is a non-negotiable promise that may be the stepping stone to success in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Planning ahead of the 16{+t}{+h} general elections, SP introduced the clause in its party manifesto, in response to the farmers' demand for higher compensation in western UP. At that time, the party had argued that the rates at which authorities sold land to developers, who then sold to individuals, were several times higher than the compensation rates paid to farmers.Sources close to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , said, \"There is no question of reneging on the manifesto promises, especially the one pertaining to land acquisition rates. Most farmers have nothing, but small land holdings to call their own. If they are not compensated adequately, they have no other means of livelihood to rely on. The state government sees no hurdle in giving farmers compensation, which is equivalent to six times the circle rates for land acquired from farmers. In most places where the land has to be acquired, circle rates are already very low. Working out the financial details for this will not be difficult. In fact, if good connectivity is ensured, more businesses can be attracted there promptly.\"Senior bureaucrats, however, maintain that the decision will cost the state exchequer dear, something UP is not prepared to tackle. Traditionally, the land is acquired at up to twice the circle rate. Describing the argument as faulty, an official said, \"SP had not considered other factors like acquisition expenses, interest on loans taken for making purchases, implementation of rehabilitation and resettlement policy, contingency costs, development expenses and other costs, which inflate land costs, when they are acquired for government projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14578227", "title": "Actor Sohail Khan's car crushes woman to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old woman was mowed down by Sohail Khan's car at Bandstand on early Monday morning. The actor's driver has been taken into police custody.An eyewitness said that the old lady was crossing the road when the actor's car came speeding and hit her. She was taken to Bhabha hospital where she was declared dead.Mumbai Police denied reports about the actor being at the wheel. The actor is said to have been shooting for a reality show Comedy Circus when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14577105", "title": "Rohtak-resident model arrested for Rs 4 crore extortion bid", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Having been on the run, Mahima Chaudhary, a Rohtak-resident model, landed in police net for allegedly extorting Rs 4 crore from a Panchkula businessman. The duty magistrate on Sunday ordered police remand for her.Phool Kumar, DSP, headquarters, said that Mahima is part of an eight-member gang of extortionists, who would threaten businessmen and officials by impersonating as judicial officers or would threaten gullible men with implicating them in cases of sexual abuse.Mahima, 31, was arrested from somewhere near Gohana township, he added.Police said that Varun and Sonu, two local youths, had introduced Mahima to Ajay Bansal, the victim businessman and property dealer, who had come to Yamunangar to finalise some land deals last month.\"Initially, Mahima had been going around with him and later she asked him to pay her Rs 4 crore while threatening him to implicate in sexual abuse case. The businessman approached police and after verifying the facts, we laid a trap for her,'' the DSP said.Sonu and Varun are currently behind bars for allegedly pressurizing a police official at the behest of a woman, identified as Mamta Chaudhary alias Mamta Kadian, in a case registered in June, he added.With the arrest of Mahima, four out of eight members of the gang has already been arrested. Police are on the lookout for other members of the gang, including women, who are used as ploy to extort money, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14571158", "title": "With 2,174 arrests, Maharashtra tops con women table", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra seems to have become the biggest playing field for women con artists. From 2007 to 2011, the police arrested 2,174 women under sections 419 and 420 (both on cheating) of the IPC.While the figure pales in comparison with the number of men arrested in the state for the crime \u2014 348,509 \u2014in the corresponding period, it is significantly higher than that of the next state on the con-women list: Andhra Pradesh , which made 1,794 arrests in the period concerned.In all, 17,418 women were arrested nationwide in 2007-2011 for the crime, according to a report of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). Mumbai's figure is 395, according to the city police.Some psychiatrists blame the phenomenon on \"the imitation effect\"\u2014the copying by women of much of the male behavioural spectrum: from rising up the corporate ladder to taking to chess in greater numbers to indulging in crime. But a section of sociologists say such abrupt conclusions should not be reached unless scientific studies are conducted into the reasons behind the phenomenon.\"The anonymity of a globalized world helps women become cheats in big numbers. Cheating also involves a scheming mind that connives, without recourse to aggression. This quality exists in abundance in women,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.Lawyer and former IPS officer YP Singh said most cases of cheating involving women are related to fraudulent investment programmes like Ponzi schemes. And social class is no barrier. \"Many upper class women make men invest in fake schemes based on fake papers. Power broking and lobbying is another area. Petty cheating offences such as selling fake goods are mostly committed by men and rarely by women.\"He said most women con artists are high-maintenance. \"Many women tricksters entice men who are their admirers to give them loans, citing fake expediency of an emotional nature. And men easily fall prey to their blandishments. Coupled with this, the desire to make easy money for life on the fast lane drives women to commit cheating.\"Deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni Singh said most cases of cheating involve women who are \"educated and glamorous\", who portray that they are from high society. \"When intellect, beauty, good education and refined manners merge, the amalgam creates a formidable charm which men find irresistible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "actress sneha is back to face the camera after her marriage and is currently on the sets of haridas filming at dhanushkodi. unfortunately, the newly wed actress had a narrow escape from being drown while shooting for the upcoming movie. it is said that while the actress was filming a song sequence with kishore at the rameswaram island, a giant wave hit their boat and overturned it. however, before situations were worse sneha was sent to the shores through a lifeboat. cameraman rathnavelu and other crew members jumped into the sea and started swimming before the local men came to their rescue. fortunately, the haridas unit without any mishap reached the shores safely. it is said that it took some time for sneha to recover from the after shocks of the incident. haridas under gnr kumaravelan's direction has kishore and sneha in the lead, with vijay antony scoring the music. source", "code": "14592626", "title": "Sneha escapes from being drown", "text": "Actress Sneha is back to face the camera after her marriage and is currently on the sets of Haridas filming at Dhanushkodi. Unfortunately, the newly wed actress had a narrow escape from being drown while shooting for the upcoming movie. It is said that while the actress was filming a song sequence with Kishore at the Rameswaram island, a giant wave hit their boat and overturned it. However, before situations were worse Sneha was sent to the shores through a lifeboat. Cameraman Rathnavelu and other crew members jumped into the sea and started swimming before the local men came to their rescue. Fortunately, the Haridas unit without any mishap reached the shores safely. It is said that it took some time for Sneha to recover from the after shocks of the incident. Haridas under GNR Kumaravelan's direction has Kishore and Sneha in the lead, with Vijay Antony scoring the music. Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14569075", "title": "'We are giving record power supply to state'", "text": "GURGAON: Hot weather conditions pushed the power demand in Haryana to 7,812 MW on Saturday, which is an all-time high. The government-owned discom, DHBVN, said that the delayed monsoon has also added to the problem and there has been a sharp increase in demand, particularly in domestic sector (for cooling), and agriculture sector (for paddy plantation and irrigation).Amit Kumar Agrawal, managing director of DHBVN said that Friday's highest demand was to the tune of 1,528.33 lakh units on June 28 against 1127.45 lakh units on the corresponding day of last year.He claimed that the power utilities were prepared to meet the regular demand. But he added that they made all efforts to meet the increased demand by purchasing power from different sources and are giving record power supply in the state in terms of quantity, despite of constraints in power generating projects.\"The utilities are trying to purchase more power from the grid as well as other sources to meet the increased demand of electricity in the state,\" an official statement said. However, people across the state have been complaining about erratic power supply and long electricity cuts. The situation was worse in Gurgoan, which is the major revenue generator for the discom.Agrawal claimed that Haryana power utilities supplied all time high 1419.63 lakh units of power on June 24 which is about 110 lakh units more than the power supplied on the corresponding day of last year.\"But we don't find any difference. There is unscheduled power cuts. Despite people paying a lumpsum for electricity, they have to depend on gensets,\" said Suresh Yadav of Sector-14 in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14574650", "title": "Bawanthadi dam: Will 37-year-wait end?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project being executed by Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh could easily make into any book of world records as the tardiest public project. Conceived 37 years ago- in 1975 at a cost of Rs 23.47 crore - its estimated cost has now escalated 60 times to Rs 1407 crore (pricing as per 2008-09 rates).The irony is that even as the work on dam and canals is almost complete, authorities are not sure whether the dam will get operational and submergence will begin this year as planned. This is because three villages in submergence area are still to be shifted. Along with Gosikhurd dam, Bawanthadi is part of the monumental neglect that Vidarbha has suffered silently for want of political will.\"Literally, one generation has waited in vain to get benefits of this major irrigation project. We hope at least the patience of people will pay dividends,\" said an official attached to the project. Bawanthadi is a tributary of the Wainganga river. The dam site is located at Sitekasa village in Tumsar taluka of Bhandara district close to the Madhya Pradesh border. Once it gets going, the project is expected to irrigate 18,615 hectares in Madhya Pradesh and 17,537 hectares in Bhandara district of Maharashtra.\"As per plans, submergence is to begin this monsoon. The Inter-State Control Board will be meeting next month to decide on the quantum of water to be blocked,\" board secretary Sanjay Kholapurkar told TOI on Thursday. The board comprising top officials and ministers concerned of the two states is headed by chief minister of either of the states. From July 1, it is Maharashtra CM's turn to take over for a year.About mind-boggling delay in execution of the project, Kholapurkar said several factors contributed to it. The fact that two states had to work in tandem complicated it as initially Madhya Pradesh was reluctant. Once that state overcame their hurdles, regular problems that most Vidarbha projects are beset with followed. Funds flow was too low, forest clearances took over a decade to come by. The project affected people -three villages in Bhandara district and seven in Nagpur district were almost immovable.Maharashtra was more keen on the project to tap the waters of Bawanthadi to provide assured irrigation needed for the paddy belt in Bhandara. But then MP resolved PAPs rehabilitation and resettlement faster and more efficiently than Maharashtra. Now shifting of people from Susurdoha village in Bhandara and shifting of some residents from Pindkepar, Mujhad and Sitepartola villages in Nagpur district is awaited before submergence begins. If PAPS refuse to do so voluntarily they may be evacuated forcibly in next week or two.Bawanthadi over the yearsIn 1975 when conceived...23.47cr to be shared by MP (11.81) &amp; Maharashtra (11.65)Revised costs in 1993...161.57cr; MP (89.78), Maharashtra (71.79)Second revision in 2001...373.99cr; Mah (182), MP (194.99)Third revision 2009: 561.26crCurrent estimated cost: 1407cr; MP (657.86), Mah (749.33)1989: Forest clearance obtainedApr 2010: Transfer of forest land to irrigation dept", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14594549", "title": "RBI launches online platform for trading in secondary market", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank has introduced internet-based platform for trading in secondary market of government securities for gilt account holders.The web-based NDS-OM (Negotiated Dealing System-Order Matching) system module will facilitate buying and selling of government bonds or securities online to the gilt account holders ( GAH).The RBI had introduced the NDS-OM system in August 2005. The NDS-OM is an electronic, screen based, anonymous, order driven trading system for dealing in government securities.RBI said the web-based \"module permits internet-based direct participation of gilt account holders in secondary market for G-secs.\"The newly launched online trading platform is an additional facility to the existing system for trading by GAHs through primary dealers.RBI further said that the access to the module will be subject to controls by the respective primary dealers.GAHs are the non-NDS members who have gilt account and current account with the primary dealers.Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), provident funds, pension funds, mutual funds, insurance companies, co-operative banks, regional rural banks, trusts and corporates and individuals are the entities permitted by RBI as GAHs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574721", "title": "Govt-aided schools call off strike", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Rajya Shikshan Sanstha Mahasangh has announced that government aided schools in the state will not go on a strike in July as declared earlier, after the state education department promised to look into the demands made by educational institutions.Vilas Patil, executive director of the Mahasangh, at a press conference held on Sunday, said, \"We presented a list of demands made by government-aided institutions to the state on June 2. We decided that if the government does not take cogniance of the demands, all aided schools in the state would go on strike in July. However, the fire at Mantralaya has disrupted the routine at the education department and the officials have promised that our demands will be discussed and solved. Hence, we have called off the strike.\"Government-aided education institutions claim that they have not received the funds for infrastructure development and school building rent pending since 2004. They have sought immediate disbursement of this aid. They have also demanded that a pupil-teacher ratio of 30:1 be maintained in the schools, as per the provisions under the Right to Education Act.Patil added, \"We will wait for the government to respond till October, failing which we will go on an indefinite strike.\" Over 17,000 educational institutions in the state are affiliated with the Mahasangh.Among other demands, the educational institutions have asked the government to fill up vacant posts of non-teaching staff in schools, which include those for security guards and sweepers. They have also demanded that entrance tests to various professional courses after higher secondary certificate (HSC-std XII) examinations should be discarded and admissions should be based purely on the HSC marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571584", "title": "Mamata Banerjee skips railway events", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has, of late, made a conscious effort to distance herself from railway programmes, even though her name and photograph continue to hold place of prominence in the advertisements published by the railways. This is being seen as the fallout of tiff between the UPA and the Trinamool Congress over the presidential polls. has led to an interesting development in West Bengal. After her return from Delhi, Mamata Banerjee has made a conscious effort to distance herself from railway programmes though her name and photograph continue to hold place of prominence in advertisements published by the railways.The number of railway programmes has also gone up significantly. In the last couple of weeks, railway minister Mukul Roy has been present in public functions for Metro Railway, South Eastern Railway (SER) and Eastern Railway.There can be several reasons behind this.Some believe that Mamata is aware of the possibility of the railways portfolio being taken away from the Trinamool and wants Roy to announce as many new trains and projects as possible. There are others, who believe that the Bengal chief minister is intentionally staying away from railway programmes as they are organized by a central ministry. She might also be trying to shake off the image that she is interfering in the work of the railways and hasn't allowed Roy the space to establish himself as a capable leader and minister, said sources.\"During the last programme attended by Mamata at Arambagh, there was some criticism after she made a senior railway official apologize to the crowd for not having made arrangements to protect them from the late afternoon heat. Prior to the Panchayat elections in the state, Mamata is trying to promote not only Roy but also other MPs, state ministers and MLAs, who are normally overshadowed by her presence,\" a party source said.The insiders' belief that the CM is going fast on railway projects in the state holds water. There can be some logic behind the theory that Mamata wants to clear railway projects in the state as soon as possible.The Metro Railway's rake rehabilitation workshop at Noapara, Dum Dum, was inaugurated by Roy on June 19 without muchprior notice. The others present at this programme were state transport minister Madan Mitra and state education minister Bratya Basu. Less than a week later, on June 24, Roy was present at a function organized by SER where he inaugurated the Digha-Tamluk electrified section and flagged-off the Shalimar-Chennai Weekly Superfast Express and two EMU locals. He also announced several new trains that are to be introduced soon. Among those present at this programme were Sisir Adhikari and Sultan Ahmed .On Saturday, Roy attended another programme at Howrah station, this time for Eastern Railway. During this programme, he flagged-off the Howrah-Lalkuan Express and three EMU locals. He also announced the introduction of two new weekly trains between Kolkata and Jaynagar and Malda Town and Surat. The others present at this programme were ministers Arup Roy, Sabitri Mitra, Chandra Nath Sinha, Shankar Chakravorti and MPs Ambica Banerjee, Ratna Dey (Nag) and MLA Partha Bhowmick.\"This is a very crucial time for the state. There has already been some talks in Delhi of Mamata continuing to pull the strings in the railways, even after becoming chief minister. Mamata doesn't want this to be a reason for a cabinet berth to be taken away from her party. At the same time, she doesn't want to waste any time before the Panchayat polls,\" another leader in her party said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14575779", "title": "Sixteen in fray for teacher's constituency polls today", "text": "NASHIK: The fate of 16 aspirants in the teacher's constituency will be sealed on Monday in Nashik division, comprising of five districts. Nashik has the most voters, closely followed by Ahmednagar.The division includes Nashik, Dhule, Nandurbar, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar. Of the total 53,520 voters, Nashik has 15,092 voters while Ahmednagar has 13,861, Dhule 7,426, Jalgaon 12,013 and Nandurbar 5,128.This year, national and regional parties are playing a prominent role in the elections as the Teachers' Democratic Front (TDF), which had the upper hand for 24 years, has fragmented.Apoorva Hiray, Sanjay Chavan, Gajanan Kharate, Bharat Patil, Rajendra Patekar, Yogesh Savkar, Chandrakant Joshi, Suresh Nandre are major contenders from Nashik, while Sunil Pandit and Rajendra Lande appear to be strong candidates in Ahmednagar district.District collector Vilas Patil has declared that the weekly markets of Nashik-Jogmodi in Peth taluka and Nimgaon in Malegaon taluka will remain closed on July 2 to maintain law and order during the election. He has permitted the markets to be held on any other day of the week.Those who don't have election cards can carry any photo ID, like a Pan card, passbook with photo or driving licence. The degree certificate, caste certificate and disability certificate are also to be carried along.- Election to be held on July 2- Voters from 17 talukas will be casting their vote from 53 booths- Counting on July 4- One divisional commissioner, five district collectors, 14 deputy collectors, 28 tehsildars appointed for counting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14575343", "title": "Swiss banks come up with new safe haven", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amidst a global crackdown against alleged black money in secret Swiss bank accounts, their bankers are selling a new safe haven idea to their rich clients from India and other countries \u2014 the high-value 1,000 franc notes to be stored in safe deposit boxes.These boxes, kept inside the premises of Swiss banks, are also reportedly being used to stash gold, diamond, paintings and art works among other valuables \u2014 apparently because of limited risk of being caught by the preying eyes of countries having banking information exchange treaties with Switzerland.According to industry sources, bankers are telling their rich clients that Switzerland's tax and information exchange pacts with India and other countries are mostly limited to funds in customers' savings, deposit and investment accounts, and do not apply to the safe deposit boxes.As a result, the demand has soared to record high levels for the safe deposit boxes and the 1,000 Swiss franc banknotes in Switzerland, as the world's rich are rushing to get them. As per the data available with Switzerland's central bank SNB (Swiss National Bank), the 1000-franc notes now account for 60% of total value of all Swiss banknotes in circulation, up from about 50% a year ago.SNB confirmed that there was a significant surge in demand for 1000-franc notes and admitted that this could be due to a trend to store the money and a higher demand was being noticed from abroad for these high-value currency notes. SNB did not reply to specific queries about demand from India and said that it did not have any data on deposit boxes.Just one 1000-franc banknote is worth about Rs 60,000 in Indian currency, making it easier to store large amounts of money in the form of these notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14571583", "title": "14,000 farmers ended life in 2011", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 14,004 farmers committed suicide in 2011 countrywide, the latest report of the National Crime Records Bureau has noted.The number is lower than the previous year's figure of 15,933 but the dip might be much less considering that Chhattisgarh , which recorded 1,412 farmer suicides in 2010, claimed that there were no farmer suicides at all in the state in 2011.As always, Maharashtra fared the worst, with 3,337 farmers committing suicide in 2011. This is worse than the previous year when the state recorded 3,141 deaths. The numbers show an abysmal story of how the special packages for the non-irrigated, chronically drought-prone areas such as Bundelkhand and Vidarbha seem to have delivered little to the most needy.Overall, the figures for the period between 2004-2011 do show a declining trend in farmer suicides with the peak recorded in 2004 at 18,241. The total number of farmers who committed suicide during the UPA regimes at the Centre since 2004 now number 1.18 lakh. Gujarat, Karnataka and UP showed a rising trend of farmer suicides since 2004.Besides the well known farming crisis states, it is the figures from states like Assam that startle. The northeast state recorded 312 deaths in 2011 and 269 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14576123", "title": "On showdown path, rebels' camp flashes July 5 deadline", "text": "BANGALORE: The B S Yeddyurappa camp on Sunday served a July 5 notice on the party bosses to replace chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda with Lingayat strongman Jagadish Shettar in a clear sign that the crisis has reached a point of no return. The other camp, too, cranked up pressure with party state unit chief, K S Eshwarappa, saying they're ready to face early assembly elections in December.The development comes two days after a wave of resignations from the Yeddyurappa camp.Some 55 MLAs owing allegiance to Yeddyurappa held a meeting at Shettar's residence on Sunday. The dissidents are ready to go their own way if the BJP bosses don't resolve the issue by Thursday, said Narasimha Naik (Raju Gouda), one of the 10 ministers who resigned and now a spokesperson for the group. Later, they released a list of 51 supporters.BJP president Nitin Gadkari is said to have called up Yeddyurappa with a terse message: \"Ask your supporters to withdraw resignations, and then we will resolve the issue.\"The crisis, if left unresolved, has the potential to cut short the life of the BJP's first-ever government in the south with the dissidents planning to garner the support of at least 80 MLAs and hold a parallel legislature party meeting very soon. With support of 80 or more MLAs, the rebels' group can claim they are the original members of the BJP and could elect their own leader. Under the amended Anti-Defection Act, two-thirds of members coming out of a party (in BJP's case, it should be 80) will not attract the provisions of the law.The group of renegades junked its earlier plan of sending in resignations en masse as it felt that that was not a conclusive answer to the leadership tussle. Now, the dissidents may not flinch from dislodging the government. Adding to their ammunition is that party chief whip Siddu Savdi identifies himself with the dissidents. Sources told TOI: \"Savdi can convene a legislature party meeting. If we meet the numbers, we'll hand over the letter to the governor the same day.\"Party mandarins in Delhi said the crisis will be discussed at the party parliamentary board meeting on July 3, and have asked both camps to abide by its decision.Besides complaining about alleged corruption by Yeddyurappa and his loyal ministers in the past four years, supporters of the CM on Saturday reportedly complained to BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan that the leadership-change demand was coming from Lingayat leaders. To counter this, the dissident camp fielded Narasimha Naik, a backward community member, to address the media instead of deploying Lingayat leaders C M Udasi or Basavaraj Bommai. Before leaving for New Delhi on Sunday, Pradhan, too, asked the ministers to withdraw their resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14569806", "title": "Bombay high court disposed of 50L cases in two years", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court said the state judiciary had disposed of over 50 lakh cases in two years. The HC has always been a torch-bearer for innovative justice in the arena of constitutional guarantees said judges of the HC on Sunday when it launched the second phase of a special drive to reduce pendency of cases.The judiciary of Maharashtra has done well in considerably reducing the pendency of the cases in about all the courts, the HC said as it pointed out statistics to show how pendency as of July 1, 2012 in lower courts had fallen \"tremendously\". On 30th June, 2010 the total pendency of cases in the state was 41.35 lakhs. An additional 39.74 lakh cases were added during the period from June 30, 2010 to June 30, 2012.\"Still due to the strenuous efforts of judges and the motivation of Chief Justice Mohit Shah, the state judiciary could dispose of 50.60 lakh cases in the the last two years.\"The pendency at the end of June, 2010 was 41.35 lakhs and now on 30th June, 2012 the pendency has come down by over ten lakh to 30.49 lakhs. The Metropolitan cities and big cities are having huge pendency of cheque bouncing cases. In the Court of Metropolitan Magistrate, Bombay, the pendency of cheque bouncing cases on July 1, 2010, was 3.27 lakhs which now has come down on June 30, 2012 to 1.20 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14587941", "title": "Deenbandhu University signs MoC with German University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology (DCRUST) in Haryana has signed a Memorandum of Collaboration (MoC) with German university of applied science Hoshschule Ostwestfalen-Lippe (HOL) for exchange visit of students and faculty.Under this collaboration, students of DCRUST could utilise the research facilities available at HOL University during their vacations free of cost, a university spokesman on Sunday said.The University had last year signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Tampere University of Technology, Tampere (Finland).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14589293", "title": "Wipro: Chairman Azim Premji takes pay cut, CEO TK Kurien gets five-fold salary increase", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT giant Wipro's chairman and managing director Azim Premji saw his remuneration falling by nearly one-third to 1.9 crore last fiscal, but the group's IT business CEO TK Kurien's pay package grew over five times to 4.5 crore.As CMD of Wipro Ltd, whose main area of business is information technology, but is also present in certain consumer goods businesses, Premji's annual remuneration declined from 2.8 crore in the fiscal 2010-11 to 1.9 crore in the latest fiscal ended March 31, 2012. During the same period, the total remuneration rose from 80 lakh to 4.5 crore for Kurien, who assumed the role of Wipro's IT business CEO in February 2011.However, the salaries paid to Kurien's predecessors - Suresh Vaswani and Girish S Paranjape, who were joint CEOs of Wipro's IT business till January 2011 - were much higher. During 2010-11, Vaswani was paid 10.2 crore (up from 3.1 crore in the previous year), while Paranjape's remuneration stood at 8.9 crore that year (up from 2 crore in 2009-10).Along with Premji, Wipro's chief financial officer Suresh Senapaty also saw his pay package take a dip in the fiscal 2011-12, shows the company's latest annual report being sent to the shareholders ahead of their AGM later this month. Senapaty's remuneration fell to 1.8 crore in 2011-12, from 4.3 crore in the previous fiscal.The total remuneration paid to all the key management personnel of the company fell to 8.7 crore in 2011-12, from 27.5 crore in the previous year. However, Wipro's total employee wage bill, including salaries, bonuses and other staff payments, rose to 15,400 crore from 12,700 crore.Premji's remuneration had fallen even more sharply in 2010-11, as his pay package had dipped by nearly two-third from 8.1 crore in the year 2009-10.Azim Premji's son Rishad Premji, currently the chief strategy officer of IT business, was paid 50 lakh in 2010-11 (up from 40 lakh in the previous year), but the annual report for 2011-12 does not mention his salary for the year.As per the annual report, Rishad holds about 6.87 lakh Wipro shares (worth about 28 crore currently, while Azim Premji holds more than 9.3 crore shares (worth 3,700 crore) in his name. Azim Premji's pay package in 2011-12 included 30 lakh as salary, 13.1 lakh in allowances, about 1.1 crore as commissions/incentives, nearly 16 lakh as other annual compensation and 26 lakh in deferred benefits.Wipro said that \"the remuneration paid to chairman and managing director and other executive directors is determined keeping in view the industry benchmark, the relative performance of the company to the industry performance, and macro economic review on remuneration packages of CEOs of other organisations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14588324", "title": "Shekhar Ravjiani to debut in Vishal Bhardwaj's film", "text": "Unlike his musical brother, Shekhar Ravjiani of Vishal-Shekhar fame has always maintained a quieter profile. It came as a surprise then to know that he had been approached by Vishal Bhardwaj to act in one of his projects in 2010.The film was tentatively titled Dream Sequence and meant to star Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone in the leads. What's more, Bhardwaj had also done a month-and-a-half-long workshop with Shekhar to prepare him for the character he was to play.That ambitious film never happened. Explaining the sequence of events, a source close to the director revealed, \"Bhardwaj saw Shekhar on TV and thought he could be the face of his film. His office got in touch with Shekhar one day and told him to drop over for some discussion. Shekhar, who assumed it would be related to music, was completely surprised by Bhardwaj's offer.\"Shekhar underwent the workshop but later, got busy with his reality show and never heard from Bhardwaj again till the director came on the sets of the show to tell him he was no longer making the film, the source added.Both Bhardwaj and Shekhar remained unavailable for comment. Dream Sequence was in the news earlier when Saif Ali Khan was approached to play the lead. But as a quid pro quo, he wanted Bhardwaj do a film with his production company, which the director refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14576435", "title": "Goa's cultural institutions to be strengthened by corpus fund", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has established cultural complexes in various parts of Goa to promote activities in the fields of music, drama, dance, literature and fine arts. These cultural institutions are provided annual grants by the government for carrying out their activities. Now, the state has now created a corpus fund to strengthen these cultural institutions financially.The purpose of the fund is to also reduce the dependence of these institutions on government grants.In the case of corpus funds, the principal amount remains intact as it will be invested in fixed deposits with nationalized banks. The interest accrued on the investment will be the fund available to the institutions to carry out their objectives.The fund (in the nationalized bank) will be in the name of the government of Goa, and will be administered by a managing committee headed by the minister for art and culture. Initially, the interest accrued will also be reinvested in the corpus fund until the fund is fully ready to match the annual requirements of the institutions.All cultural institutions/academies constituted by the government and receiving annual grant-in-aid from the state will be beneficiaries of the fund. The size of the fund and the yearly contribution will be fixed by the state government from time to time. But the corpus fund invested in a fixed deposit will be allowed to be reinvested in any other nationalized bank offering a better rate of interest.Upto 80% of the annual interest accrued will be available to the institutions to carry out their activities for the respective financial year. 10% of the annual interest accrued will be invested in a 'sinking fund' for the institution and the balance 10% will be reinvested into the corpus fund. The 'sinking fund' will be a long-term savings account built up every year and would pay for any major works that are required over a period of time.The withdrawal of the amount from the sinking fund will be allowed only with the prior approval of the state government.The institutions will be allowed to draw the annual interest accrued from the bank account in three installments with the prior approval of the government. The first installment of 30% will be approved for release after submission of the unaudited annual statement of accounts for the previous year and budget proposal for the current year prepared by the concerned institutions.The second installment of 40% will be released on presentation of the approved audited statement of accounts of the preceding year on or before September 30 of the current financial year. The balance 30% will be released on presentation of the statement of utilization of the amounts released earlier for the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14601256", "title": "UP government to sack 25 officers on charges of corruption", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government has started process of sacking 25 officers of the Jal Nigam and its subsidiary construction and design division (CNDS).Urban development minister Azam Khan , while replying to the queries of the opposition in state assembly, said many officers have been found to be involved in corrupt practices and anomalies in execution of various projects in different parts of the state. Claiming that SP government is committed to tackle corruption with iron hand, Azam said that among those against whom action has been initiated include a former managing director of Jal Nigam and a senior officer of general manager rank. These officers have already been put under suspension and the process to lodge FIR against them has also been initiated.The opposition raised the question of corruption after Azam tabled the budget of urban development for 2012-12. Incidentally, the officers of Jal Nigam were arrested by the CBI for their alleged involvement in over Rs 5000-crore scam in implementation of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in the state. The Jal Nigam and CNDS was given the task of construction activities to be carried out for various NRHM schemes.Azam has so far suspended over two dozen officers on charge of anomalies and irregularities in development work done by the Jal Nigam and urban development department. He created a flutter last week by saying that corrupt officials should be first put in jail and followed by departmental action.If corrupt officials are jailed first and spend 24 hours in the prison, they would be automatically under suspension as per the rules. The state government service rules state that an employee or officer will be deemed to be suspended if he/she spend 24 hours in jail. However, if an officer is suspended first and FIR is lodged later, they often get a stay order from the court on the grounds that double punishment cannot be given on a single charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14576487", "title": "SDM institute will host a seminar on traditional health", "text": "Mysore: SDM Institute for Management Development (SDMIMD) will organize a national seminar on 'Opportunities and challenges for traditional health systems' on July 10.The seminar will be a platform for medical professionals, faculty and students of Ayush and management stream to understand the opportunities and challenges in the traditional health system. According to a press release, the seminar will also offer an opportunity to debate on relatedissues.TOPICS FOR DISCUSSION!The department of Ayush, Global Alliance of Traditional Health Systems and Mind Body Spirit Society of India (MBSSI) are jointly organizing the event.The topics will be debated by Dr B R Pai, vice-president of GATHS and president MBSSI, on wellness, Dr Amina Ather on unani, Dr Madan on homoeopathy, Dr Niranjan Murthy on pharma industry, Dr Narasimhamurthy on Siddha medicine, and A R Dwarakanath of SDMIMD on yoga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593633", "title": "Rural BPOs improving efficiency, productivity", "text": "When someone who has never seen an ATM card or a credit card has to learn about a loyalty card product and its features, understand the member's query, investigate the issue by accessing the client's loyalty management system, and formulate the response in English in a manner that satisfies the client, it is sheer magic.And when this someone is a 12th class pass villager from India, it only evokes awe and hope. Rural Shores, India's leading rural BPO Company, works this magic out of call centers in unknown small towns such as Jobner (Rajasthan), Falda (Gujarat), Chindwara ( Madhya Pradesh ), and is slowly transforming rural India.When BESCOM, the Karnataka State Electricity Board, approached Infosys to set up a call centre for them in 24 hours flat from scratch, Infosys turned to Rural Shores. The company promptly set up what was needed and now runs it for Infosys. This included writing the process scripts, recruiting and training 75 rural associates, and implementing call routing mechanisms. From the very first day, process associates at this rural centre have been achieving ticket closures within four hours of customers calling in.India's BPO industry had aggregate revenues of about $101 billion in 2011-12 as per a recent Frost and Sullivan research report, and is expected to grow at a compounded rate of 5.3% until 2016. India's domestic BPO market is said to have stood at around $1.4 billion in 2011, with indications that it will increase to $2.47 billion by 2014. Of this, rural BPOs have a tiny fraction of about $5-7 million and Rural Shores -- whose promoters are all followers of Satya Sai Baba and are powered as much by commercial sense as by social zeal -- has a significant market share, with others like Desicrew, Tata Business Support Services (TBSS) and B2R following close behind. Revenue, however, is growing at about 150-200%, albeit from a small base, which indicates its potential.If 500 of India's 700 districts get a rural BPO centre with 500-1000 seats by, say, 2020 we are talking of about 10-12 lakh direct jobs (in two shifts) and many more indirect ones. The Rural Shores experience shows that it has a significant effect on migration and many a times, they even find that natives of that area prefer to be closer to their roots, sometimes even sacrificing compensation.The business model of the BPO industry critically hinges on talent availability. As it matures and moves from simple offshoring (where it simply does rule-based transaction processing work) to outsourcing (where it does decision-based more complex business transformational work) for clients in any and every part of the globe, it needs a swathe of talent from across diverse domains to be able to meet the needs of each customer differently and yet provide the same level of customer excellence and satisfaction. To recruit talent, several industry majors like TCS, Infosys, and Wipro go hunting in smaller cities such as Hubli, Jodhpur and Salem to name just a few. Now with increasingly seamless and cheaper telecom connectivity, it is immaterial whether the US IRS tax claim is processed in Alabama or Bangalore or Jobner.With difference in costs of between 25-40%, rural BPOs are slowly but steadily filling this talent gap and also due to the huge difference in costs of infrastructure, logistics, compensation and training, it makes them an appealing proposition for even the large IT majors.It would be a logistical nightmare for a large IT company to manage, say, even 50 rural BPO locations across India, and so many choose to outsource work to their rural partners. So while in early days the experience of Rural Shores showed that the gestation period for learning a task can be almost twice that of an urban BPO centre, once done they often give their urban counterparts a run for their money.Consider this: when one of India's leading BPOs wanted to service a top US logistics company on their driver logs, they approached Rural Shores, who were able to not just meet but beat the productivity standards of the Indian BPO company which had outsourced the work to them in the first place (doing more than 700 filings per day, per person vs 650 being done by their urban partner). What makes it even more socially attractive is that about 50% of employees are rural women who prefer to work closer to their villages or towns. Today, Rural Shores clients include American Express, Airtel , WNS, Quattro, HDFC Bank , which are no different from the client list of any large IT company.As the Indian BPO industry moves from the transactional to the transformational, from onshoring to near shoring to offshoring to rural shoring, the cycle is complete and virtuous. As India continues its relentless journey of conquering a larger slice of the global BPO pie, rural BPOs will play a significant part in making that happen.(The author is an IAS officer )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598373", "title": "Maximum fails to get maximum benefit at box-office", "text": "Sonu Sood's solo release Maximum failed to get a decent opening at the box-office.Though Sonu Sood looks suave and has good screen presence in Maximum , the weak script didn't help his solo lead film get a decent initial. Kabeer Kaushik's story and direction seems dated and the film had nothing new to offer. So the maximum (rather minimum) that Maximum couldn't manage was an opening weekend collection of around Rs 2 crores.From the other two releases, the documentary film Superman of Malegaon saw a very limited release. The film about the small filmmaking industry of Malegaon, made on a shoe-string budget has received positive reviews but might possibly work more on the home video front. Veena Malik's B-grader Daal Mein Kuch Kaala Hai went unnoticed.Meanwhile amongst the few rare cases seen at the box-office, Anurag Kashyup's Gangs of Wasseypur picked up to position one from its second position last week. Good word of mouth and positive feedback helped it gain better audience in second weekend. Also there wasn't any big competition in form of new release. By its second weekend, the film has managed collection of around Rs 22 crores. Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani fizzled out completely in second weekend and is a flop.The coming week sees the release of Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan starring Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan in lead roles. Shetty and Devgn have had a very good track record at the box-office and even this action-comedy is expected to open big.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Gangs of WasseypurPosition: 1Director: Anurag KashyupCast: Manoj Bajpayee, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Nawazuddin Siddique, Richa ChaddaUpside: Brilliant performances by entire cast, Anurag Kashyup's smart direction and storytelling, good music, entertainment valueDownside: Abrupt and inconclusive end for a sequelRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Amongst the few rare cases seen at the box-office, Gangs of Wasseypur picked up to position one from its second position last week. Good word of mouth and positive feedback helped it gain better audience in second weekend. Also there wasn't any big competition in form of new release. By its second weekend, the film has managed collection of around Rs 22 crores.Film: Teri Meri KahaaniPosition: 2Director: Kunal KohliCast: Shahid Kapoor, Priyanka ChopraUpside: Good art direction, decent musicDownside: Regular story, average performances, gets repetitive after a whileRunning Week: 2Box Office Verdict: Fizzled out in second week. Flop!Film: MaximumPosition: 3Director: Kabeer KaushikCast: Sonu Sood, Naseeruddin Shah, Neha DhupiaUpside: Decent act by Sonu SoodDownside: Conventional plot, predictable directionRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Sonu Sood as the solo lead couldn't draw in a strong audience. Moreover with the average content, the maximum (rather minimum) that Maximum couldn't manage was an opening weekend collection of around Rs 2 crores.Film: Ferrari Ki SawariPosition: 4Director: Rajesh MapuskarCast: Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritvik SahoreUpside: Simple and well-told story, good performances, entire Ferrari angle in the storyDownside: Convenient endRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: HitFilm: Rowdy RathorePosition: 5Director: Prabhu DhevaCast: Akshay Kumar, Sonakshi SinhaUpside: Akshay Kumar pulls off action and comedy convincingly and charminglyDownside: Cliched plot, dull music, formulaic directionRunning Week: 5Box Office Verdict: Super Hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14576341", "title": "Under Phase III, Metro plans Welcome station makeover", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was one of the first stations to come up in Phase I of Delhi Metro. Almost a decade after it became operational, the Welcome station on Line 1 \u2014 Rithala to Dilshad Garden \u2014 is getting ready for a makeover. It is set to be integrated with a new elevated station coming up on GT Road. The new station will be a part of the Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar corridor in the Phase III network.Construction of the new station will be a challenge for Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in many ways \u2014 not only is the station scheduled to come up on the central median of GT Road, one of the most congested traffic points in the city, but it will also go over a railway line, the viaduct of Line 1, an underpass and a flyover. \"The construction will involve much deliberation as we have to ensure that neither road traffic nor rail traffic is disrupted,\" said Jitender Tyagi, director (works), Delhi Metro.The corporation will use one of the biggest spans, measuring 85m, to go over the railway track. Usually, DMRC uses bridge spans that are between 24-26 m, say officials. That's not all. The 85m-long span will curve with a radius of 210m, making the construction of the bridge a complex engineering exercise.However, this is not the first time that DMRC will build a long span. Earlier, Delhi Metro has constructed bridges that measure between 65m and 100m; the longest being located in Okhla. Officials say DMRC had to build such a long span as the Northern Railway ran four lines on this track. \"The construction was specially difficult because of its sharp 300m curve,\" added a Delhi Metro official.Similarly, at Pragati Maidan, Delhi Metro built a span measuring 93m which also goes over a railway track. \"There are no piers or pillars to support the bridge despite a 302m radius curvature,\" says the official.The busy GT Road intersection is also expected to pose problems in the construction of the station. \"Work is slated to begin in September and is scheduled to be completed by 2014.\"Delhi Metro is yet to decide on the technology it will use to construct the bridge. Officials say that either precast girders or incremental launching may be used for the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14568353", "title": "IIM students\u2019 Voyage offers tips for gains in a turbulent market", "text": "INDORE: The volatility of the stock markets may have given turbulent times for many but students of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) are fighting to beat the market blues their way. A group of eight IIM-I students are managing the investments and advising members about their investments and course of the stock market.The club, Voyage Capital, is the group of eight students of current batch and each member of the team masters a specific domain, such as IPOs, Indian politics, global events and crude oil. The club during 2011-12 with a sum of Rs 4.2 lakh and the investors comprising the students of the current batch and alumni has done extraordinarily by giving returns of 6.1% when the market was down by 24% during the same period.From regularly following industry trends to studying stock price charts, indicators and detailed perusal of company financial statements, the club is leaving no stone unturned in ensuring the best returns. What more, the number of the investors has almost doubled since last year.\"This is the fourth year of the club into the market. Every year, a new group takes over the club and gets the real time experience of investing the funds to get good returns. Members investing with the club have doubled since last year. There are 120 investors in my batch. Overall, we have 160 investors including the alumni,\" Sivakumar Nandipati, secretary of the Voyage Capital and also a participant at IIM-I. The focus of the team is also to educate others about the stock market and its intricacies.The team accomplishes this through various events, guest lectures and workshops. Anurag Gupta, another participant of PGP at the institute said, \"During annual management fest of the institute, Voyage Capital conducts 'Beat the Market' that allows participants to trade with virtual money while following actual market activities. The team was able to get attractive trading account bulk deals for entire PGP batch recently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577440", "title": "School education has to be activity based: Former Chennai corporation commissioner", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rote learning is impasse, learning through various activities is the new trend in our school education, said MP Vijayakumar, former Chennai corporation commissioner, who was in city to interact with the students of an IAS coaching centre on Sunday. Vijayakumar, as a Chennai corporation commissioner, introduced activity based learning (ABL) method in Chennai in 2003, which was later incorporated in the state.\"Many surveys show that most of our graduates and students are unemployable,\" he said citing reports of software firms and other agencies. One particular reason, he feels for most graduates and post graduates being considered unemployable by firms, is lack of skills such as decision making, problem solving. However, Vijayakumar says, with activity based learning, the school education in the state has improved though more steps are needed to improvise on the way children are taught.\"The school education system in recent years has undergone many changes in the teaching methodology,\" he said. He said that the child centric methods administered in schools have helped in making students more interactive and participatory in the education process. At the same time he says the present student teacher ratio of 40:1 in the state needs to come down for effective teaching.\"Presently, the school teachers must be given credit for making the new system a remarkable change. This should be compared with the developed countries which have one teacher for ten students. We must at least make it one teacher for thirty students,\" he told TOI.Vijayakumar added that the higher education sector is also focused on rote learning, which should change. \"Colleges should give students opportunities to develop their soft skills,\" he said.Skills to develop problem solving and application must be imbibed, he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14577335", "title": "Anna university releases rank lists", "text": "COIMBATORE: P Ashok Kumar from Annur and S Ashwin Kumar from Peelamedu are all smiles after they secured 4th and 9th rank respectively in the rank list of Anna University, Chennai. The university released its list of rank holders for admissions to the engineering colleges across state on Saturday.Both of them were among the students who secured the highest marks in recent class 12 examinations. The students are shortlisted based on their marks in Maths, Physics and Chemistry. If they score same in all the three subjects; fourth subject, computer science is taken into consideration to decide ranks. If they score the same in all four, the ranks are decided based on date of birth; the elder you are, the higher is your rank. In the case of Ashok and Ashwin, Ashok secured the 4th rank since he was born in August 1994 while Ashwin who was born in December 1994 secured 9th rank.Keen to join Anna University, Chennai campus, Ashok Kumar who had secured the second rank, in the recent higher secondary state level board examinations wants to become a computer engineer. A resident of Annur, he studied in Green Park Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Nammakkal. \"Developing computer programmes and applications is my hobby and so I want to study computer applications at Anna University Chennai,\" he said.Meanwhile, Ashwin who completed his higher secondary education from PSG Sarva Jana Higher Secondary School in the city, loves to watch TV. From cartoons to movies, he does not miss out on anything. \"Every day, I try to watch 2 hours of television. This is the best way to relax and enjoy,\" feels Ashwin who scored 1160 marks in the recent class 12 board examination. He says that he was attentive in his classroom and studied only a few hours after classes. He enjoys Physics and wants to be a mechanical engineer.The counselling for the sports quota will begin on July 5. After the counselling for the differently-abled and vocational candidates is over, the counselling for general category students will begin on July 13 at Anna University Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14570963", "title": "Cheats cash in on e-trade boom", "text": "KOLKATA: A 39-year-old businessman regularly buys and sells shares online. But on returning from his brief visit to Thailand, Sunil Agarwal was horrified to find he came back and to his horror found that his demat account hacked and all his shares sold.A 22-year-old youth Kunal Das, an M-tech student, also suffered a similar fate. He had struck an online deal. According to the complaint, the online business site offered an iPhone for Rs 7,000. After the initial amount was paid, the site demanded Rs 7,500 more for custom duty. Suspecting foul play, Das then lodged a police complaint with the police. Both Das and Agarwal had fallen prey to the game called 'consumer fraud' that hackers have taken to playing with much zest.Of late, an t a time when an increasing number of net savvy shopaholics of the city are choosing to buy goods at the click of a mouse than off the shelves, making the game all the more easier for the fraudsters. The cyber frauds have left city police on tenterhooks and they have fallen back on a team of internet to decode the intricate cases. experts an increasing number of online consumer frauds have left the city police detectives on the tenterhook. The city police are increasingly taking the help of a pool of internet experts to investigate the intricate cases.In the first case, the victim's password was stolen and are stolen and his share trading account was are misused for making unauthorized transactions that result in the victim making losses. The suspect, in such cases, usually would installs keyloggers in public computers or the computer of the victim. The unsuspecting victim then would uses the infected computer to log in to his banking and share trading account, which gives the suspect easy access to the victim's confidential data. and the suspect . The suspect can easily get hold of all the required information of the victim.The second victim, on the other hand, is a classic example of being lured one is a classical case of luring an unsuspecting buyer through a completely fraud website. \"You must look closely at offers that come in the mail. Con artists often use official-looking forms and bold graphics to lure victims. If you receive items in the mail that you did not order, you are under no obligation to pay for them - throw them out, or return them. Be suspicious of ads that promise quick cash working from your home.After you have paid for the supplies or clicked on the 'how-to book' option to get started, you often find there's no market for the product, thereby losing all your moneyand there's no way to get your money back,\" said an investigator of the city police's cyber crime branch.At a time when an increasing number of net savvy shopaholics of the city are choosing to buy goods at the click of a mouse than off the shelves, an increasing number of online consumer frauds have left the city police detectives on the tenter hook. The city police are increasingly taking the help of a pool of internet experts to investigate the intricate cases.Though Kolkata accounts for only 3% to 4% hits on online shopping portals nationwide and lags behind other metros, a section of tech-savvy shoppers from the city have resorted to this hassle-free purchase method in recent times. now prefers to make hassle-free purchases from home. So there is growing number of cases of falling victim of consumer fraud in the city.Online shopping is growing at a healthy rate of 30% year-on-year. The revenue is currently pegged around Rs 1,180 crore, according to Internet and Mobile Association of India. \"So, hackers are also exploring newer ways to get a share of the flesh through these online transactions game consumer fraud,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.Cyber crime specialists advise suggested ensuring that the online users web-browser must be set their web browsers to the highest level of security notification and monitoring. These options do not always get activated automatically when one's computer is set-up, so its good to check the manual or the \"Help\" option. Also, Check whether one is using a recent version of the web browser must be used as they often include better security features and upgraded up-to-date versions can be downloaded free from the Microsoft or Netscape websites. Before purchasing from a website, one must make a record of the retailer's contact details, including the street address and landline phone number. If these details are not available on the website, consider shopping going elsewhere and to buy, do not solely rely on the e-mail address alone.Experts also warn that And of course one should not enter personal details unless the security icon is displayed (a small padlock that normally appears at the bottom of your browser when one begins his or her transaction over the internet). One can click on the padlock to see if the retailer has an encryption certificate. This should explain the type and extent of security and encryption it uses. Purchases should be made from companies that have an encryption certificate and use secure transaction technology, advised police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573387", "title": "\u2018Media depends on demands of people\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A seminar on 'Effect of Media on Society' was organised at Kareli on Sunday. Several women attended the seminar. The programme was organised under the auspices of Islamic Educational and Research Organization (IERO).Addressing the people, Asma Shams, president of the women's wing of IERO, stressed on the benefits and evils of the media. She said the media is neither good nor bad but it is the use of the media that makes its good or bad. The media depends on the demands of the people. She also referred to film producer Mahesh Bhatt's observation that Bollywood produces films which are demanded by the public. She appealed to the people that the should view only good channels.Referring to the TV serials, Asma Shams said these days violence, crime and quarrels are being portrayed on the television. The rampant depiction of the frequent quarrels of mother-in-laws and daughter-in-laws in the television serials are also casting bad effect in the families.Further, these things are also being found in the families where these types of evil were not found earlier.\"It is the need of the hour that media should make introspection and only show those things that can benefit society\" she added. The programme was conducted by Seema Naaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14589533", "title": "I\u2019m not doing Aditya 999: Taapsee", "text": "Glamorous actress Taapsee Pannu has cleared all air on the rumors surrounding the news that she's sharing the screen space with 'Natasimha' Nandamuri Balakrishna in \"Aditya 999\", a sequel to \"Aditya 369\". Recently, it was reported that Taapsee has signed Balakrishna's upcoming film Aditya 999, after Anushka failing to accommodate dates to the film. However, the Delhi-based actress has clarified that she's not doing the film and all the reports are false.Aditya 999 is tipped to be the sequel to yesteryear blockbuster Adithya 369 (1991). So with Taapsee's fresh revelation, it looks like the makers still have not finalized the female lead for the film. Adithya 999 is directed by Singeetham Sreenivasa Rao, (who also directed Aditya 369) and produced by Vinod while Konda Krishnam Raju is presenting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14576954", "title": "NIA sweats, 1st case against saffron terror flounders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The case against Lt Col Srikant Prasad Purohit, accused in the 2008 Malegaon blast case, appears to be floundering even before the National Investigation Agency (NIA) takes him into custody.The Army's court of inquiry (CoI) report on Purohit has revealed that he could have infiltrated Abhinav Bharat, the organization suspected to be behind the blast, to collect information on right-wing extremism. Purohit was in miltary intelligence at the time.Purohit had, in fact, communicated to his superiors almost three weeks before his arrest that right-wing extremists, in particular Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, were responsible for the blast. The report quotes Purohit identifying key blast accused Sudhakar Chaturvedi as his informer.The development could take the wind out of NIA's sails as the agency is already struggling for material evidence against Purohit after taking over the case from Maharashtra ATS last year and has been locked in a court battle, as yet unsuccessful, to get Purohit's custody.Purohit's arrest along with Sadhvi Pragya Singh in 2008 had led to a political furore as it, for the first time, revealed the violent anti-national side of right-wing politics in India, with several members of the RSS suspected to be involved.Sources said Purohit's defence would most likely use the testimonies and evidence produced in his favour in the CoI in the criminal court. This only makes NIA's job difficult.The agency's case against Purohit has barely moved in terms of evidence collection. Much of the proof it has is still that collected by Maharashtra ATS and listed in its chargesheet \u2014 unlikely to hold water against a strong defence.Purohit's only established connection with the conspiracy comes through intercepts of several conversations he had with other key accused. While this too would need corroborative evidence, the conversations themselves hardly talk of the actual conspiracy.The other evidence is that of Purohit's close connections with Chaturvedi, where the latter used to have keys to Purohit's residence in Deolali while he was posted there. Purohit had even helped him get a room in Deolali where the Malegaon bomb was allegedly assembled. However, this will fall flat if Purohit proves that Chaturvedi was indeed his informer.He has also been accused of being a part of Abhinav Bharat and organizing and attending the outfit's meetings attended by several blast accused. For this, Purohit already says his associations were purely ideological. On two key evidential fronts \u2014 of that of RDX procurement and financial assistance \u2014 agencies are still floundering. While Purohit has been accused of stealing 60 kg RDX from J&K; while he was posted there and passing it on to the bomb planters, the trail has not been established.Even the financial assistance routed through Purohit has stopped at Abhinav Bharat and does not lead to the actual conspiracy. NIA had recently failed to file a chargesheet in stipulated time against another key accused Lokesh Sharma, allowing him to get bail in the process. The agency also left out Purohit in its chargesheet in the Samjhauta Express blast case for lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "14573065", "title": "Cops clueless about recovery of parts of rocket launchers, bombs, cartridges", "text": "KATIHAR: In all, 71 'waste' cartridges and some items looking like bombs and half portions of five rocket launchers were found stacked on the pillar no 2 on rail bridge across river Kosi at Kursela under East Central Railway (ECR) in Katihar district on Sunday.A small group of workers, who turned up at the bridge which is being repaired, noticed some articles stacked on the rail bridge pillar no 2 at around 7 am on Sunday. Finding the items stacked on the pillar and inside a bag, the workers raised an alarm. RPF and police personnel immediately rushed to the spot and took possession of the items, police said. In all, 71 'waste' cartridges and some other items looking like bombs and half portions of rocket launchers, which were tucked inside a bag, were found at the site, police said.Kursela SHO Bharat Bhushan on Sunday said some former Armymen were summoned to verify the items found at the rail bridge pillar. The ex-Amymen said the cartridges were so obsolete that they had not been seen in the past 30 years, the SHO said quoting the ex-armymen. Thana Bihpur RPF personnel said they are still in the process of verifying the items found on the rail bridge. \"We cannot say anything at this point of time,\" the RPF official said on phone. Katihar SP (railways) Sukan Paswan said, \"I am not aware of all this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14573801", "title": "Weak blunts state's steel edge", "text": "KOCHI: Higher power tariffs, rising raw material costs and a slump in the market dragged down profitability of steel mills in Kerala. The state has 60 steel 'mini-mills' processing scrap steel imported from the US, UK and the Middle East, with an overall capacity of 50,000 tonnes a month.The debt crisis in Europe and a weakened domestic economy caused the rupee to slump during March-June 2012. During this period, the rupee fell 17% from Rs 48.50 to Rs 57.30 against the dollar, imparting a severe blow to the steel industry in Kerala.The falling rupee hit the bottomlines of the mini-mills. \"We have to pay what we bought six months ago and as the rupee depreciated the price of scrap steel rose from Rs 25 per kg to Rs 33 per kg. This means that we will incur a loss of Rs 10 per kg of processed steel,\" said Noor Mohammed Shah, managing director of Kairali Steels, which has factories in Kerala and Tamil Nadu.Figures available with the Washington-based Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries revealed that the US exports 19 million tonnes of scrap valued at $8 billion to 90 countries, including India. A portion of the US exports ends up in Kerala too. \"The steel industry in Kerala imports a shipful -- 40,000 tonnes of scrap a month,\" said Shah.In the past two-three months, some of the mini-mills have stopped using imported scrap as they found it unviable. \"As the rupee depreciated, the steel industry in Kerala stopped importing scrap steel,\" said Radhakrishnan, secretary of the Steel Manufacturers Association of Kerala, a trade body. \"Instead of homogenous scrap, we have ended up using low quality crap available locally,\" said Radhakrishan, owner of Palakkad-based Bhoopathy Steels. While the major steel companies have a nationwide dealer network, the mini-mills have a regional presence and target different local market segments.Kurian, who started off as a hardware dealer after a short stint as an engineering college lecturer, caters mainly to local markets like Thodupuzha, Vazhakkulam and Thripunithura. He has a factory at Muvattupuzha with a capacity of 50,000 tonnes a year and another at Karaikal with half the capacity.The infrastructure sector in Kerala consumes steel from integrated steel mills like Vizag and SAIL ( Steel Authority of India Limited ), which forms 25% of the total steel market in the state. However, the housing sector is the major market for steel in Kerala and three score of mini-mills cater to this market.Iron and steel traders in Kerala are also affected by the economic slump and rising cost of production. \"The relatively small dealers are slowly being edged out of business during the last two years,\" said Sunilkumar, sales manager with Kochi-based Jai Hind Traders, which sells steel from all major producers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595307", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar loves Indian Idol", "text": "Popular singing reality show Indian Idol has found a new admirer. And it's none other than the nightingale of India Lata Mangeshkar .The legendary singer has expressed her admiration towards the show to her sister and show judge Asha Bhosle. Lata believes that the talent on the show is remarkable and the singing of the contestants has enchanted her. This was revealed to the contestants by Asha Tai herself during one of the shoots.All the contestants were elated and their happiness knew no boundaries on hearing this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571885", "title": "Elderly woman found strangled in Pammal", "text": "CHENNAI: A 70-year-old Anglo-Indian woman was found strangled at her house in the southern suburb of Pammal late Saturday night. Police ruled out murder for gain, saying no valuables were missing from the house where the victim, an affluent spinster, lived with her three sisters.Investigators questioned the woman's former domestic help in connection with the crime.Police said Yvonne Fernandes, 70, was found dead by her younger sister Janet on the first floor of their house on Gandhi Street in Pammal.\"Yvonne and Janet, a former principal of a nursing college in Madurai, had returned home from church at 9.45pm,\" an investigating officer said. \"Yvonne told Janet she was going to change her clothes and went to her room on the first floor. That was the last time Janet saw Yvonne alive.\"Janet, who lived on the ground floor, told police that Yvonne always came downstairs for dinner. When she did not turn up for dinner even at 11.30pm, Janet went looking for her and found her lying on the floor.She called the Shankar Nagar police. Police, who found strangulation marks on Yvonne's neck, rushed her to a government hospital in Chromepet but doctors declared her dead on arrival.\"Janet said she saw a man who had been employed by her sister moving around suspiciously outside the house,\" the officer said. \"Fernandes had employed Shivakumar, 37, of Pammal, more than five years ago but sacked him two years ago.\" Shivakumar had stolen things and was even arrested, he said. \"After Shivakumar was released from prison, he approached Yvonne several times and asked her to give him a job again. He also took money from her,\" the officer said.Police suspect the killer was hiding in the room when the elderly woman entered.Yvonne lived with her sisters Virginea Rodriquex, 65, Esnith Hookins, 60, and Janet, 57. Rodriquex and Hookins are married. \"They were close-knit family but kept to themselves,\" the officer said. \"Neighbours said they usually kept their gate locked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14570775", "title": "17L lawyers will strike work on July 11 &amp; 12", "text": "CHENNAI: Intensifying its opposition to the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill, which seeks to divest the elected, statutory Bar Council of India of its jurisdiction over legal education in the country, the Council has announced a two-day national-level court boycott.\"More than 17 lakh lawyers will abstain from courts on July 11 and 12. There is also a plan to hold a protest meet at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the first day of the Parliament's monsoon session in August. We will also take out a procession towards the Parliament, if the Union HRD ministry fails to back off,\" said BCI chairman Manan Kumar Mishra and spokesman S Prabakaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14572055", "title": "IL&FS; virtually takes over Nagpur bus service", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major development, the operations and maintenance of city bus service has been handed over to Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), a joint venture of Union urban development ministry, Infrastructure Leasing and Finance Corporation (IL&FS;), and other partners. IL&FS;, a company formed by nationalized banks and LIC to fund infrastructure projects, now happens to have 90% stake in city bus operator Vansh Nimay Infrastructure Pvt Ltd (VNIL).UMTC has expertise in urban transport system and the step taken, initially for a period of six months, is seen as a step towards reviving the collapsing city bus service. Apparently, IL&FS; was alarmed by the fact that Vansh Nimay reported a loss of Rs30 crore in the city bus operations so far. There was also pressure from the urban development ministry as there is a view that the operations are not being run professionally.Sources told TOI that the operation and maintenance of service has been handed over completely to UMTC for a period of six months from July 1 along with a task to prepare road map for revival of the entire service. \"VNIL board was worried about the loss. It has made an investment of Rs67 crore in city bus service since 2007,\" said the sources.Sources further said UMTC had engaged an experienced staff of 8-10 persons and is making fresh investment amounting in crores. \"Already over 900 new tyres for buses have been purchased along with spare-parts for their maintenance. Around 150 of total 470 buses with VNIL are off-road for want of maintenance. This is adding to the loss. Plan is to bring as many buses as possible on the road. Besides, the improvement in route monitoring, condition of buses, services etc will also be undertaken. Also plans are being prepared for establishment of depot, parking place etc,\" said the sources.UMTC will also prepare a document highlighting reasons for deteriorating of city bus service and give presentation to the Central government along with road map for further improvement. Thus, VNIL will also try to save itself from enquiry being initiated by the Centre following regular complaints from the MP Vilas Muttemwar against the service and also process started by the NMC to terminate contract with the VNIL.VNIL was established by Vansh Infotech and Indore-based Dayajeet Nimay Bus Logistics Pvt Ltd to run city bus service. IL&FS; had funded the company and took 80% stake in VNIL with Vansh and Nimay having 10 % each. As Vansh was local, responsibility of operation and maintenance was given to it and service started on March 15, 2007. Eventually, Nimay sold its 10% share to IL&FS; and exited from VNIL. So now, IL&FS; owns 90% in VNIL and Vansh 10%. With introduction of 240 buses sanctioned under JNNURM and controversial agreement between NMC and VNIL coupled with problems arising due to lack of infrastructure, the service started to get controversial.It seems in order to save its investment, IL&FS; has roped in UMTC for running the service for six months and probably the arrangement would be extended further. Whether it would actually result in better service and financial revival of city bus service remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14577108", "title": "Locals moot 5-year development plan for village", "text": "MARGAO: At the first gram sabha of the Raia village panchayat on Sunday after the recently held panchayat elections, a resolution was adopted to create a five-year development plan and an annual development layout of the village. Towards that end, ward development committees and supervisory committees, consisting of professionals from the village, were constituted and tasked with formulating these plans.Sarpanch Rumaldo Gonsalves said that the exercise of collecting data and generating inputs for this exercise will be started within the next two months, and assured the locals of uniform development in all wards.The gram sabha members pointed out to the threat the heavy traffic passing through the village posed to the their lives. Following a heated discussion, it was resolved that the panchayat write to the collector demanding a ban on the entry of trucks carrying iron ore, sand and stones into the village.Significantly, the gram sabha also adopted a resolution urging the government that the payments of salaries to the staff of the Raia panchayat be disbursed through government funds.\"The panchayat has to spend over 70,000 per month towards staff salaries. And in view of the government's move to do away with the house taxes in village areas, our revenue generation will be hit. We will soon submit a memorandum to the government to take care of the staff salaries of our panchayat,\" Gonsalves told TOI.Farmers from the village expressed their disapproval over the inadequate and irregular supply of fertilizers. Also, pointing out to the steep hike in the rate of fertilizers, they decided to demand an explanation from legal metrology department over the issue.The gram sabha adopted a resolution that an open air hall be constructed through the 10 lakh \"golden jubilee grants\" received by the panchayat from the government. The proposal was moved by Xavier Fernandes, a gram sabha member.\"Besides serving as a signature project, the hall will generate revenue for the panchayat,\" Raymond Rocha, who supported the resolution, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14594869", "title": "Amarnath pilgrimage: Ninth batch of 4,095 pilgrims leave for shrine", "text": "JAMMU: Amid tight security, the ninth batch of 4,095 pilgrims today left for the 3,888-metre-high Amarnath cave shrine situated in south Kashmir Himalayas.The pilgrims comprising 2,910 men, 836 women, 197 children and 152 sadhus left in a cavalcade of 132 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 0500 hours, police said.The convoy has already crossed Patnitop on Jammu-Srinagar national highway towards the base camp of Pahalgam in Kashmir Valley.With today's batch, as many as 27,772 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the Amarnath cave shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566087", "title": "30 held for thefts on trains", "text": "BHOPAL: About 30 persons, including women, ex-army men and few students have been arrested in separate incidents of theft and loot in trains during the past few months in state. Police have recovered cash, electronic gadgets, mobile phones, gold and silver ornaments worth lakh of rupees from them.Additional director general of police (ADGP), Railways, Maithili Sharan Gupta informed media persons that the detections were made during a drive carried out by the GRP to check crime in the moving trains, particularly during the summer vacations.Among the arrested, Brijesh, a 26-year-old BCA student was caught from Gwalior railway station on June 28. He used to lift only laptops and police have recovered about seven laptops amounting to around Rs 3 lakh from him so far. He used to board a train with proper ticket and track the passengers carrying laptops, said ADG.In another detection, the Jabalpur GRP have arrested two ex-army men Hriday Narayan and Saagre Alam, both natives of Uttar Pradesh . Police have recovered 33 suitcases, gold and silver ornaments amounting to Rs 10.53 lakh. Narayan's wife, Asha was also an accomplice in the thefts, she would identify the targets and subsequently, lift the luggage and escape, Gupt said.The GRP Bhopal has also busted a gang of thieves, including three women and recovered mobile phones and gold jewellery worth Rs 1.44 lakh. The accused have been identified as Sheela, Maya, Sheela Sarathe and Balram.Similarly, Khandwa GRP arrested four persons with recovery of mobile phones and jewellery. Three mobile phones were recovered from Fareed and Raees. Four mobile phones, two gold chains and pendants have been recovered from Sheikh and Mehboob.Officials said the loot incident that had taken place in Akola-Ratlam passenger train on June 6 has also been detected and seven persons have been arrested while one accused is still at large. Complainant Bheem Rao and his family members were robbed of around Rs 15,000 cash and a gold chain in the incident. The GRP chief said Santosh, Bhankar, Kailash, Alok, Prem, Lacchu and Rizvan have been arrested with the looted goods and other stuff. While one member of the gang, Biharilal was at large.Further, the GRP have arrested nine persons separately of different gangs and recovered 20 mobile phones from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579802", "title": "Bangalore techie killed for dowry, says mom", "text": "BANGALORE: There is a twist in the alleged suicide of a 27-year-old techie who was found hanging from a ceiling fan in her Byappanahalli house on Saturday night.Software engineer Sheikh Shabana's mother has alleged that her daughter was murdered by her husband, Sheikh Sadani Pasha, who was harassing her for more dowry. Pasha is also a techie. Pasha found Shabana hanging in their house at Nagarwarapalaya on Saturday night. Based on Pasha's statement, Byappanahalli police booked a case of unnatural death.Shabana's mother reportedly told police over phone that her son-in-law had killed her daughter for money. She alleged that Pasha had taken her gold ornaments and pledged them for money and there were frequent fights between the two over the same. Police, after further questioning of the mother, might change the case into one of dowry harassmentIn another case of suicide , a 25-year-old man hanged himself from the ceiling fan of a hotel room where he was staying for two days. The victim has been identified as Manu.Manu had checked in at Chinna's Chancery hotel on Anand Rao Circle two days ago. On Sunday morning the roomboy's knocks on the door weren't answered. He alerted the hotel management . The room door was forced open to find Manu hanging from the ceiling fan. Police said it looked like he had consumed poison before hanging himself.Woman falls from second floor, diesA 23-year-old woman fell to her death from the 2nd-floor balcony of the CPWD quarters on Bannerghatta Road late on Saturday night. The victim, bank employee Moksha Nanaiah, 22, a native of Virajpet in Kodagu, had gone to visit a friend, Kalappa, who stayed in the CPWD quarters.Moksha stayed in Madiwala and worked with a private bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14594942", "title": "The next big thing in Roop Kumar's life", "text": "Roop Kumar and Sunali Rathod escited about daughter's debutLucknow b arely missed a date with one of Tinseltown's most famous ghazal-singing couple - Roop Kumar and Sunali Rathod. The duo, instead opted to continue with their long-awaited, and in their words \"much deserved\" family break that began from Nainital early last week and ended in Dehradoon on June 14.Talking about it, Sunali told us when we bumped into her at posh hotel in the hilly getaway, \"A channel had invited us to be a part of its programme in Lucknow on June 8 but we had already planned this Nainital break and frankly, both Roop and I were keen that nothing upsets our schedule. Besides the fact that we have been very busy with our performances, we also wanted to spend this time with our 20-year-old daughter, Reewa.We hardly get to see her these days what with performances and tours and now that she has become busy with her music, our family time is shortened even more. So, I apologized to those people and we continued for Nainital... maybe the next time.\" The mere mention of their daughter has us at attention and proud parents Roop and Sunali are more than willing to oblige with more info, especially on Reewa's musical leanings. \"She has been learning music for some time now. In fact, we are going to Dehradun to leave her with maestros Pt Raajan and Saajan Mishra for some time,\" Roop told us, adding, \"I may be sounding too much like a proud parent but trust me, I feel Reewa's going to be the next big thing! She is so talented and at the same time disciplined. What we like best about her is that she is so unlike the children of today in that she seems to be in no hurry to get 'there'. She is taking her time to learn. In fact, she is into composing also, and we have great hopes from her.\" Their workfront's definitely buzzing - in addition to two films Roop's sung for, \"Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai\" the launch vehicle for Shakti Samant's grand son Aditya, and \"Chand ke Paar\" - the duo also have foreign tours planned including a concert in USA. But strangely, both Roop Kumar and Sunali have not been seen judging any of the reality shows on TV, which makes us wonder why.\"We participated in one reality show, \"Mission Ustaad\", but have never judged any,\" offers Roop Kumar, adding, \"Actually, I'm not really in favour of reality shows. Think about it, where do you see the winners of these reality shows after the show itself is over. The winner of the first \"Indian Idol\" recently joined Shiv Sena. I mean, this is what such talented people are doing because the industry could not give them space and opportunity. I disagree with the entire concept. What do these shows end up making of the contestants? Achcha pehnanaa sikha diya, hero bana diya... but what of talent and riyaaz? Then again, you have stalwarts such as Asha Bhosle as judges, but in the end who decides the winner? An SMS!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14600894", "title": "TCS, Infosys, Wipro ratings slashed by Macquarie", "text": "NEW DELHI: Given the bearish outlook for the IT services sector of India, Macquarie Equities Research cut its ratings of India's top three software exporters -- Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Infosys and Wipro -- to 'underperform' on Monday. It has even removed TCS from its top-10 list, replacing it with ICICI Bank .In the latest blow to India Inc., the brokerage firm downgraded the Indian IT services sector to 'underweight' from 'overweight'. It cited demand concerns as the reason for its outlook.The delay in joining dates of new hires by Infosys, which already has 30 per cent of staff on the bench, is a matter of concern, the brokerage firm also said. Infosys has delayed bringing on board some of the 28,000 engineers hired from campuses to as late as July 2013, reported last month.\"Based on business imperatives and manpower requirements, we expect onboarding of fresh hires to be completed by the first quarter of fiscal 2014 (which ends in June),\" Infosys had told ET in an emailed reply.After sales shrunk 2 per cent in the March quarter from three months ago, Infosys expects flat sales growth in the three months to June. For the full year, it expects to grow 8-10 per cent, which is lower than the 11-14 per cent sector growth forecast by industry body Nasscom or the 20 per cent forecast from Cognizant.On the other hand, Macquarie has gone 'overweight' on industrials from 'neutral', reflecting its growing optimism about a pickup in infrastructure spending, cut in interest rates and possible appreciation of the rupee.Among other changes, it added Bharat Heavy Electricals, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation , Asian Paints and Wockhardt to its model portfolio, while removing Housing Development Finance Corporation and MindTree .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568719", "title": "FSI for slum projects hiked from 2.5 to 4", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has formally increased the floor space index (FSI) for slum rehabilitation projects from 2.5 to a maximum of 4.The state urban development department issued a notification on Friday after it got an approval from CM Prithviraj Chavan, who also heads the department. As per the notification, projects involving all high-density slums-those having over 650 tenements per hectare-are entitled to an FSI of 4, whereas those with lower tenement density are entitled to 3. Senior officials from the urban development department said that the notification highlights that all procedural formalities concerning the higher FSI move are now complete.After the move to increase size of each rehabilitation tenement for slum dwellers from 225 sq ft to 269 sq ft in 2009, slum redevelopment projects were allowed higher FSI.A notification under section 154 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act (MRTP), 1966, was issued at that time to allow it to implement the provision pending completion of procedural formalities, including invitation of suggestions and objections from citizens. These procedural formalities have now been completed and a formal notification issued, a senior state official said.FSI is a development tool that determines the extent of construction permitted on a plot. It is a ratio of permissible built-up to the total area of the plot. A higher FSI would allow developers additional construction on slum land. As per the notification, approvals for redevelopment projects with higher tenement density will be cleared by the state government. The Slum Rehabilitation Authority retains powers to approve schemes with lower tenement density.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14592032", "title": "Riteish adds Maharashtra connection to UP Bihar song", "text": "The actor turns lyricist and singer with the revised version of the 'UP Bihar Lootne' song that's used in Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum.Riteish Deshmukh was always known for his acting skills. But ' Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum ' has shown his versatility. He has turned lyricist and singer with the hit ' UP Bihar Lootne ' track, which has been rendered (for the first time together) by Sukhwinder Singh and Daler Mehndi.When Balaji was working on a new version of Shilpa Shetty's famous item number, being a Maharashtrian, Riteish asked his producer to extend the song to incorporate Maharashtra in it.\"Riteish was very excited about the song from the beginning. He spontaneously decided that Maharashtra be a part of the new song,\" says an insider from the film's unit. To ensure the authenticity of the track, Riteish turned singer and lyricist for the Marathi portions in the track and sat with the composers Meet Brothers Anjjan to understand the meter and rhythm of the track. As a result, the original song from Shool (1999) has been reworked quite a bit.When contacted, Tanuj Garg, CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures confirms, \"The UP-Bihar track shows us a new dimension of Riteish. He has done a terrific job in bringing the track from UP and Bihar to Maharashtra. We have a sure-shot chartbuster on our hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14575067", "title": "Fire audit of civic, private buildings on cards", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) is planning a fire audit of the municipal buildings and will ensure that a similar audit is conducted at private buildings where there is heavy movement of citizens.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The fire audit of the municipal buildings will be conducted in a month. These buildings are the main office building, the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial hospital, four zonal offices and municipal schools.\"He said the fire audit will evaluate the existing fire-fighting facilities and bring to light the lacunae in the prevailing system. \"The fire audit report will tell us about the short- and long-term measures needed to improve the fire safety of the municipal buildings. We will abide by the short-term measures immediately, and start the process to implement the long-term measures, like purchase of new equipment.\"The civic body, he said, will ensure over the next two months that private buildings like schools, malls, shopping complexes and others, which have high movement of citizens, also conduct fire audits. \"It is mandatory as per the provisions of the Fire Safety Act 2006 that owners of such buildings conduct a fire audit periodically, but this does not happen. We will ensure that owners of these private buildings conduct fire audits regularly.\"Kiran Gawde, fire officer, PCMC, said. \"We will also be conducting fire audits of the state government office buildings in the city. These are the deputy regional transport office at Chikhli, government offices near Akurdi railway station and some government offices in Sant Tukaramnagar. We plan to complete the fire audit of the municipal and government offices in Pimpri-Chinchwad in around 20 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14570082", "title": "Central Bank finances Preity's 'Ishq in Paris'", "text": "It has been 12 years since the IDBI Act was amended to grant industry status to film production. Although there have since been several instances of institutionally financed films, such projects are yet to pick up in a big way. Recently, the Central Bank of India ventured into film financing by providing funding to Preity Zinta's maiden home production 'Ishq in Paris', which, besides the actress herself, features Salman Khan and French actress Isabelle Adjani . It's being produced by Zinta's company PZNZ Media, which has received Rs 10 crore from the bank. Officials said the bank was not taking any market risks and the loan was expected to be paid back from the sale of various rights of the movie.(Contributed by Mayur Shetty)Top-level shakeup at J&J; IndiaJohnson &amp; Johnson's businesses will soon see some top-level changes. A Vaidheesh, MD of Johnson &amp; Johnson Medical India, and VP, Asia-Pacific, Lifescan, is moving up to take a regional role as head of government affairs for Asia-Pacific, based in Singapore . Sushobhan Dasgupta, currently GM, J&J; Medical Australia &amp; New Zealand, is returning to the country to take up the position being vacated by Vaidheesh. In India, J&J; has three businesses, medical, pharma (Janssen) and consumer.(Contributed by Rupali Mukherjee)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14570457", "title": "State formally hikes slum FSI", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has formally increased the floor space index (FSI) for slum rehabilitation projects from 2.5 to a maximum of 4.The state urban development department issued a notification on Friday after it got an approval from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who also heads the department.As per the notification, projects involving all high-density slums-those having over 650 tenements per hectare-are entitled to an FSI of 4, whereas those with lower tenement density are entitled to 3.Senior officials from the urban development department said that the notification highlights that all procedural formalities concerning the higher FSI move are now complete.After the move to increase size of each rehabilitation tenement for slum dwellers from 225 sq ft to 269 sq ft in 2009, slum redevelopment projects were allowed higher FSI.A notification under section 154 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act ( MRTP), 1966, was issued at that time to allow it to implement the provision pending completion of procedural formalities, including invitation of suggestions and objections from citizens.These procedural formalities have now been completed and a formal notification issued, a senior state official said.FSI is a development tool that determines the extent of construction permitted on a plot. It is a ratio of permissible built-up to the total area of the plot. A higher FSI would allow developers additional construction on slum land.As per the notification, approvals for redevelopment projects with higher tenement density will be cleared by the state government. The Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) retains powers to approve schemes with lower tenement density.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571846", "title": "More ambulances, beds for government hospitals", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is planning to provide more beds and ambulances to government hospitals, said health minister Dr V S Vijay while speaking at the silver jubilee of the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR medical university on Sunday. Sunday also marked International Doctors Day.\"The government is also upgrading primary health centers by providing more facilities,\" Vijay said. Pointing out that Tamil Nadu is more technically advanced compared to other states, the minister said the government is also considering expanding the free health insurance scheme to all. \"The state has been trying to provide more facilities for the hospitals. This is also the first state that provides free health insurance for communicable and non-communicable diseases,\" he said.Dr K Mohandas, vice chancellor, Kerala university of health sciences, said Tamil Nadu will soon surpass the achievements of Kerala in health sector thanks to good infrastructure facilities. Dr H S Rissam, member of Medical Council of India, said there should be more investments in medical field. \"We are trying to reduce mortality rate in the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14575439", "title": "Breathe easy, SWR won't merge trains", "text": "Mysore: Good news for rail commuters in Shimoga. SWR on Sunday cancelled its decision to merge Shimoga-Birur passenger train with Bangalore-Shimoga passenger. The two trains will operate independently, the SWR stated.Commuters had objected to the decision and held a protest in Shimoga last week when the railway had noted that the Shimoga-Birur passenger will be merged with Bangalore-Shimoga passenger in its new timetable. However, it stated that the trains will run as separate trains until further orders.Accordingly, Shimoga Town-Birur Passenger (No. 56239) will depart Shimoga at 8.10am and arrive at Birur at 9.55am. In the return direction, Birur-Shimoga Town Passenger ((No. 56240)) will depart Birur at 5.45pm and arrive at Shimoga at 7.35pm.Shimoga Town-Bangalore City Passenger (No. 56228) will depart Shimoga at 4am and arrive at Bangalore at 11.20am. In the return direction, Bangalore City-Shimoga Town Passenger (No. 56227) will leave Bangalore at 4.45pm and arrive at Shimoga at 11.55pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598308", "title": "Amy Jackson confirmed in Shankar I movie", "text": "Amy Jackson has been roped in as heroine in director Shankar's upcoming movie which is tenatively titled 'I'. National award winning actor Vikram will be seen in the lead. Vikram and Shankar had earlier worked for 'Aparichitudu'.Makers were in talks with Samantha to do the lead role opposite to Vikram, but She has opted out of the project due to health issues.Malayalam actor Suresh Gopi will be seen in a pivotal role and PC Sriram is the cinematographer. Aascar Ravichandran is producing this movie and AR Rahman is the music directorSource haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14569184", "title": "CCTVs to check booking clerks", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of railways will incorporate several safety measures from July 10 to ensure that your tatkal booking is transparent and agents/touts are not able to jump queues and buy tickets on fake names. Anil Kumar Saxena, additional DG (PR), railway ministry, said, \"Apart from opening the tatkal bookings two hours late, which is at 10am instead of 8am, there will be stringent checks at our booking counters. We will ensure that bona fide passengers waiting in the exclusive queue for tatkal get the tickets on a first-come, first-served basis.\"To begin with, the railways plan to install CCTVs to monitor the movement of every booking clerk and keep an eye on them throughout the booking process. There will be inspections on the clerks by a special vigil squad who will monitor the tatkal bookings and also keep an eye on passengers waiting in queue. Touts and agents will be kept at bay, an official said.As per the new rule which was reported in TOI on June 30, booking clerks will not be allowed to use any cellphones when they are on the job. Even officials on the booking desks could face restrictions on carrying cellphones when they are at the centres. The process of setting up special tatkal counters has already begun on both the Western and Central Railway passenger reservation centres. \"These counters will ensure there is no clash between those buying tickets on regular queues (120 days prior to travel date of journey) and those buying tatkal tickets. As per the rule, the tatkal tickets will be issued from the originating station at 10am one day prior to the day of the journey. No authorized agents, including agents of the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), rail travellers' service agents (RTSAs) and rail tourism agents (RTAs) will be allowed to book tatkal tickets from 10am to noon.Among other measures, there is a plan to make ID cards compulsory for all reservations and changes in internet bookings to ensure that only one tatkal booking is allowed for a passenger. Officials said there will be deployment of security officials to prevent any law and order problem during the bookings. Security personnel will also drive away touts from the reservation centres and not allow them to sleep overnight, especially after midnight. At present, for tatkal bookings, agents usually sleep in front of the counters all night and ensure that they are among the first ten in queue. This affects bona fide commuters who want to book without the help of agents.The RPF has also begun a drive against touts., with officials nabbing three touts and 12 others from reservation centres at Andheri, Bandra Terminus and Borivli on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569725", "title": "Gujarat to promote sports tourism: Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Calling sports as one of the \"biggest industries\", Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that the state is keen to promote sports tourism by hosting various sports events. Modi was speaking at the inauguration of the 29th Sub-Junior National Aquatic Championship-2012.According to him, Gujarat had done well in the last ten years in sports and won around 1,200 medals at various national competitions. A couple of years back, the state had also made a record in Chess Championship in Ahmedabad, in which, around 20,000 people had taken part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14598357", "title": "One critical in acid attack in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Acid attack victim Somashekar's condition continues to be critical. He has suffered 40 pc burns all over his face, neck and chest region in an attack on Saturday. Doctors are suspecting that the victim may have lost his eye sight.Police said Somashekar was injured along with three other including two women in acid attack at his native Pattasomanahalli in Pandavapura taluk ofMandya district.According to cops, Mahadevaiah, 60, and Cheluvaiah, 59, - both cousins living in the same neighbourhood - have not been in good terms and had frequent fights whenever the former's cattle grazed near the latter's house. At 5pm on Saturday, the cattle again went near Cheluvaiah's house, which triggered an argument, only to fizzle out later.But around 9pm, Cheluvaiah came to Mahadevaiah's house allegedly in an inebriated state and started hurling abuses, which triggered a clash between their family members. It turned violent after Murali, a nephew of Cheluvaiah, brought acid and splashed it on Mahadevaiah's family members. Four of those injured were admitted to KR Hospital.Murali had allegedly brought the toxic liquid kept for washing vessels used in preparing jaggery, police said. Dr Mohan said the acid was diluted.Ningamma, one of relatives of the injured, said: \"\"The families often fought with each other over trivial reasons. But it ended with an acid attack on the fateful night.\"\" Pandavapura police are searching for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14565764", "title": "Bhopal girls outshine rivals in inter-school debate competition", "text": "BHOPAL: These girls have the gift of words. Medha Prakash and Ipsa Agnani, two students from the city have won the first round of Frank Anthony Memorial All India Inter-school Debate and qualified for the stage II.Students of Billabong High International School (BHIS), the two participated in the West Zone competition at The Zydus School of Excellence, Ahmedabad on June 29. Nine schools engaged in a war of words on the topic \"Are changing family values leading human society to inevitable ruin?\"Speaking to TOI, Medha, who was also adjudged the second runners-up in the 'best speaker' category, \"I was honoured to represent my school in such a prestigious competition. I am really excited for the national round which would be held in another fortnight or so.\"\"It was a good experience and the first one outside the city,\" said Ipsa, a student of Class X.Both agreed their team had scored over others in content, delivery and diction. \"Our content was stronger and closer to topic. Besides diction was important as some teams could not be understood because the way they spoke,\" said Medha.\"We were given a topic at 9.30 in the morning and then given an hour to prepare. First, we wrote down the points and then decided whether anyone had a preference. Medha wanted to speak for and hence I spoke against,\" said Ipsa.The girls credit their school and, most importantly, their English faculty for their success. \"P Arvindakshan, the English faculty for senior classes coached us and was pivotal for our achievement. Since he had also judged the competition previously, he knew exactly the format and prepared us accordingly,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577598", "title": "Rahman's Punjabi track at the Olympics", "text": "Oscar winner A R Rahman is collaborating with Danny Boyle for a special number in Punjabi for the London Olympics, celebrating the Indian influence in the UK.The music wizard has composed this special number for the opening ceremony of the grand sporting event. What's more, he'll be collaborating with none other than Slumdog Millionaire director Danny Boyle for this segment of the show. Rahman tweeted, \"It's a track in Punjabi, celebrating the Indian influence in the UK. It's a part of a medley in the Olympics opening ceremony, according to Danny Boyle's creative wishes!\"When contacted, Rahman's official spokesperson stated, \"Yes, he has composed a number for the Olympics. But his is one of the songs and not the only song.\" It is heard that the Oscar winner is ensuring that the song is grand in terms of musical content, given the global reach of the Olympics.Filmmaker Danny Boyle, who has worked with the Chennai composer on 127 Hours as well, is said to have planned a three-hour musical show that will feature various genres of music. He's taking active interest in putting together a big show for worldwide audiences, say sources.Interestingly, it's also learnt that one of maestro Ilaiyaraaja's songs too reportedly features in the list for the opening ceremony of the upcoming London Olympics. The selected song is Naandhaan Ungappanda... from the 1981 film Ram Lakshman, starring Kamal Haasan and Sripriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14573592", "title": "Course work to be made integral part of DPhil programme at Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University has decided that the course work for doctoral programmes will be made an integral component of DPhil programme. The said courses will be offered as per the University guidelines passed by the Academic Council on May 16.A press release issued by the university stated the course work for Doctor of Philosophy Programme is an integral part of the DPhil programme. Every student must complete the same in a maximum of two semesters, after admission to the DPhil. The courses offered for the DPhil would include lecture courses, laboratory courses, design courses, seminars and courses pertaining to communication skills. The communication skills course is compulsory and is an addition to the minimum course credit requirement prescribed by the DPC.Mentioning about the course work credit /structure, the Academic Council has made it clear that in general a certain quantum of work measured in terms of credits is laid down as the requirement for a particular degree. The student acquires credits by passing courses every semester, the amount of credit associated with a course being dependent upon the number of hours of instruction per week in that course. Lecture courses consist of lecture (L) and tutorial (T) hours, but may have attached practical (P) hours in certain cases; practical or field based courses consist of practical hours or the time to be spent in the field etc. but may have attached Lecture/demonstration/tutorial hours in some cases. The credit (C) for a course is dependent on the number of hours of instruction per week in that course.On the issue of distribution of credits for the course work, AU has mentioned that ordinarily, each student has to complete a minimum 24 Credits and maximum of 36 Credits. However depending on specific requirement of UGC, AICTE, NCTE etc., total credits may vary from subjects to subjects. Credits to the students should be finalised by the DPC recommended by the dean of faculty on the basis of attendance and performance in internal assessment for each course/paper.This would be AA for 10 grade point, AB for 9 GP, BB for 8GP, BC for 7 GP, CC for 6 GP, CD for 5 GP and DD for 4 GP. Those getting below 4 grade points will be awarded letter grade of FF.To continue in the doctoral programme, a student must score a minimum of 6 CPI. The course work on research methodology and communication skills and seminar are compulsory. Other courses can be chosen by the students in consultations with Research Progress Committee (RPC). Research methodology will be compulsory course for all students. The course on research methodology may include quantitative methods and computer applications. It may also involve review of published research in the relevant field, AU has decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14577455", "title": "Ski village project still faces rough road ahead", "text": "SHIMLA: While the Himachal Pradesh high court has allowed the Himalayan ski village company to proceed with the project after obtaining necessary clearances, the road ahead for the Rs 1,600-crore project does not seem smooth. For, before obtaining environment clearance, the issue would again go for public hearing as not only the affected panchayats, but also the local deities, had opposed the project in the past.Fearing loss of rights over natural resources, people from affected panchayats and local deities had opposed the project. If public hearing is held again, residents are likely to oppose the project again, said Ghuman Singh, convener, Himalaya Niti Abhiyan. At a public hearing held on June 6, 2009 at Kothi village near Manali, villagers had expressed their anger and opposition to the project, he said.Considering the public mood against the project, the state government is planning another public hearing. The state government had even decided to contest the case after taking legal opinion. Chief secretary Sudripta Roy said that the government, after taking legal opinion on the judicial order, would take appropriate action. The government will have to take into account both the judicial order and views of the people on such a project, he said.Rahul Saxena of Himadhara said that as per environment impact assessment notification of 2006, projects falling under schedule-I category needs to obtain environment clearance from ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) by referring the matter to expert appraisal committee (EAC). \"Public hearing report is appended with environment impact assessment report and then it is sent to EAC which, after going through the report, recommends to MoEF for issue of environment clearance,\" he said.A division bench of high court while delivering a judgment against Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL), had recently ruled that the pollution control board shall ensure that whenever any public hearing is held, people of the area are informed well in advance and also about the benefits and ill-effects of the project.Estimated to cost Rs 1,581.10 crore, the project will be spread over 93.1 hectares. The state government has already accepted Rs 75 lakh from the company in this regard. The company had undertaken a preliminary project report, which was approved on November 18, 2005. Later, the state cabinet approved the DPR on June 5, 2007.The Himachal Pradesh high court has now directed the company to obtain necessary clearances, including environmental clearance from all concerned authorities within six months, in conformity with the notification dated September 14, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572160", "title": "Housing board to reallot flats in Nerkundram", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) is planning to reallot more than 40 flats in its ongoing project at Nerkundram, about a kilometre from Koyambedu market, after it found irregularities in the allotment of flats.The flats from the 'Own Your Housing Scheme' were allotted to the All India Service (AIS) officers initially. Following allegations that some AIS officers had invoked the Government Discretionary Quota (GDQ) for the second time under the Nerkundram project, TNHB has cancelled 29 flat allotments and will reallot them to other government staff, including Group 1 officers, sources in the housing board said. GDQ is a provision wherein government can allot a flat or a plot to a person of their choice. GDQ can be invoked only once.\"We have been reviewing the allotments and have asked beneficiaries to furnish details on if they have already got a flat from TNHB. Based on submissions, we have cancelled 15 allotments. More than 15 AIS officials have surrendered their allotments voluntary. We are planning to re-allot the flats to other government staff,\" a senior TNHB official said.The board, through its 'Own Your Housing Scheme at Nerkundram', proposed under Section 41 of the TNHB Act 1961, plans to build 1,016 flats on 17 acres of land. They include 608 flats for All India Service (AIS) members, including IAS and IPS officers, 120 flats for Group I officers and 288 Low Income Group flats for government servants. The housing complex is estimated to cost Rs 445 crore. The officials also proposed to increase the price with the market rate.Few more AIS officials are expected to surrender their flats to avoid embarrassment, TNHB sources said. Meanwhile, TNHB has announced that it is going to allot seven High Income Group (HIG) flats at a cost of Rs 45 lakh for Group 1 officers, 2 HIG flats at a cost of Rs 43 lakh for Group 2 officers and 40 LIG flats for lower ranked government staff. All the allotments will be from the Nerkundram project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14567046", "title": "Kaleswari bus accident death toll rises to 31", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death toll in Sree Kaleswari Travels bus accident reached 31 with the second driver, who had suffered severe injuries, succumbing at Nims on Sunday.Driver Seshubabu, 30, of Tadepalli mandal of Guntur district, was among the injured in the accident that occurred near Naldurg in Maharashtra a fortnight ago. Of the 43 persons aboard the bus, 28 died on the spot and three others, including Seshubabu, succumbed to injuries later.Seshubabu had suffered head injuries in the accident and was rushed to a private hospital in Solapur. As his condition remained critical, he was shifted to Nims five days ago.After the post-mortem at Osmania General Hospital, Seshubabu's body was taken to his native place. Seshubabu is survived by wife Nagamallika and one-and-half-year-old son Rohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "14569367", "title": "Lure of government jobs draws them to sports", "text": "BHIWANI: Looking at her easy and polite deportment you wouldn't be able to guess just how jolting Neetu's right-hand upper-cut can be. Outside the ring she is shy and embarrassed, rarely meeting you in the eye while talking. But once inside the ring, her gaze is constant and unforgiving, her movements swift, and those punches just don't stop. Neetu is currently preparing for this year's Super Cup tournament, soon to be held in Vishakapatnam. And all are hopeful - her parents, her coach, her sparring partner - that the two-time international winner from Bhiwani would claim another win this time.It is hardly surprising that Neetu comes from a small-village in district Bhiwani, a two-hour drive from Gurgaon. The boxing celebrity and 2008 Olympic medalist, Vijender Singh, came from here. As did the Asian Games 2010 boxing gold-medalist, Dilbag Singh. And this year, out of the five boxers going to the London Olympics from India, two - Vijender and Vikas Krishan - are from Bhiwani. Neetu was also being considered for the Women's lightweight category, but missed it by a whisker.Boxing, it seems, has taken over the popular imagination by nothing less than a storm in Bhiwani and the surrounding villages. New boxing academies and gyms have started to snowball in the region, and kids as young as 13 are queuing up to register. But the reality is slightly more banal that that. Many enthusiasts, young and old, say that they see the sport as a quick path to government employment.\"It is easier to get a job if you become a pro boxer, win nationals, and try to get employed through the sports quota,\" Neetu says, her boxing-kit packed up and her nervous smile returning on her face. It was only this year that the 23-year-old Neetu got a job in the railways, which apart from sports-quota positions in the police-force and the Army, is the most sought after.Fourteen-year-old Bharti, another Bhiwani resident and a promising young talent, shares her rented lodgings with Neetu. \"My father wanted me to become a boxer. That's why I am here,\" Bharti says. Families in this area are unusually liberal when it comes to encouraging their sons, and indeed their daughters, to take up the sport professionally. The reason, once again,being prospects of a government job and a stable flow of income.\"I want a government job,\" 17-year-old Ravinder replies on being asked why he chose the sport. He came to the Bhiwani Boxing Club, home to Vijender and several other fight stars, from Rohtak. \"I need to get some money for my family. Improve the conditions at home,\" Ravinder's friend and fellow-fighter, Sonu says, who is a son of farmer based in Hisar.Agriculture in Bhiwani is not a lucrative means of livelihood, owing mainly to aridity. And industrialization, although it has reached the nearby district of Rohtak, has all but eluded the boxing-capital of Haryana.\"People have nothing else to do. So families think boxing opens a new way for their children. Plus, the kids are primarily interested in a job, sports comes afterwards,\" says Jagdeesh Singh, a Sports Authority of India boxing coach in the area, who has also founded the Bhiwani Boxing Club.Singh says that Haryana government's 3% sports quota, and the riches it frequently bestows upon the big winners, have been the factors that have upped boxing's appeal in this region.But this is not to say that this new appreciation for boxing goes in vain.It might be that for many rural youths, boxing is merely seen as a way out of an impoverished life.But those, Singh emphasizes, who take up the gloves are not lacking in either seriousness or talent.\"We have given the best boxers to the country. Even this year, two of our boys got selected for London, although we were hoping five of them will go. So I guess it really is the sport that is gaining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14577613", "title": "Shelter boy sodomised, warden held", "text": "ROHTAK: Even as the dust over Apna Ghar horrors is yet to settle down, Sharavan, another shelter home in Haryana CM's city, came under the scanner on Sunday after a 20-year-old hearing and speech impaired boy, who is also mentally challenged, was allegedly sodomised by the warden.Sanjay Kumar , the accused warden, has been arrested. A case under Section 377 of IPC has been registered against him at civil lines police station of Rohtak, police said.\"The victim has been admitted to a hospital. We have asked for translator and an expert to record his statement. A board of medical experts shall conduct a medical examination on him for further investigations. The accused has been picked up and interrogated,'' Sumit Kumar, DSP, headquarters, Rohtak said.\"We are making a list of inmates and will interact with them to ascertain Sanjay's activities,\" he added.Enquiries revealed that the incident came to light on Sunday afternoon when Navratan Sharma, father of the mentally disabled and hearing and speech impaired victim, approached the local police. A resident of New Delhi, Sharma informed the cops that the incident took place last week when he took his son home after he complained of an illness.\"In his complaint, Sharma said that during medical treatment at New Delhi, the doctor attending on the boy suspected that he was subjected to an unnatural act. After Sharma lodged the complaint on Sunday afternoon, we immediately rounded up the warden and registered a case,'' the DSP said. Further investigations are in progress, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jorhat (assam)", "code": "14592885", "title": "PM, Sonia make aerial survey of flood-hit areas in Assam", "text": "JORHAT (ASSAM): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , accompanied by chief minister Tarun Gogoi, on Monday made an aerial survey of flood affected areas in Assam.The three leaders made an aerial survey by helicopter of Majuli island, Jorhat, Sibsagar, Lakhimpur and Dhemaji districts, which were among the worst-affected in the floods, senior officials said.They were also expected to survey the Kaziranga National Park, which has been completely submerged by flood waters.Earlier, Singh and Gandhi reached Jorhat's Rowriah airport from New Delhi by a special flight at around 11:00am.Later in the day, the two leaders would reach Guwahati and discuss the latest situation with ministers and officials.Singh and Gandhi are scheduled to leave for New Delhi from Guwahati in the afternoon.The Assam floods have so far claimed 61 lives and another 16 persons have been killed in landslides.The floods have affected all 27 districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579937", "title": "They crack the jigsaw puzzle of numbers", "text": "BANGALORE: Four proud winners of the Times Sudoku Championship spent their Sunday juggling numbers and reasoning with math and logic.After warding off competition from over 1,000 brainiacs in the city, Jaipal Reddy M, Rakesh Rai, Asha S and Rajesh Kumar proved they had the best numbers in form of the highest scores after many rounds of competition at St Joseph's Indian Composite PU College.The quartet will now test its skills against the best in India in the national final in Mumbai , which will be held after three more city rounds. Four final winners will represent India at the World Sudoku Championship in Croatia in October. The Times of India will bear the cost of taking the team to the world championship.\"I began playing in 2007, thanks to TOI's initiative and I was only aware of classic Sudoku. Over the years, I got better,\" said top-scorer Jaipal, whose 71 was one more than nearest rival Rakesh. \"These events help to build support for the game,\" said the Hyderabad-based educationist.Rakesh Rai, a techie, opted to attend the Bangalore round instead of the one in hometown Chennai. \"I had problems with dates so I took a crack at qualifying from Bangalore,\" said Rakesh, who had finished 22nd in the Times Sudoku Championship in 2007. \"As always, this event has been fantastic and the credit goes to TOI,\" he said.The only woman in the final four, thirdplaced Mysore girl Asha S, added a touch of mystery to the mix. \"I'm so passionate about the game that I've changed my name to Asha Sudoku on Facebook,\" said the engineering student and budding entrepreneur. A consistent performer, Asha finished with 53 points. \"Staying calm has helped me get closer to representing India again,\" said the youngster, who participated in the 2010 World Sudoku Championship in Philadelphia .Eclectic mixThe elimination rounds saw 1,200 participants being narrowed down to 73 after eight basic 6x6 puzzles. The two evening rounds were harder with 9x9 puzzles and even variants like Diagonal Sudoku, Alphabet Sudoku, Odd-even Sudoku and Trio Sudoku. It had a mix of the young and the old, with the youngest being an eight-year-old and the eldest comprising a few participants in their 60s.More lined upThe Bangalore round of the Times Sudoku Championship saw a number of entries from different cities and especially from ones not hosting regional rounds of the event. One such case was top-scorer Jaipal Reddy M , who had little time to celebrate his win as he had a flight to catch to Hyderabad. The next round of the event is in Chennai ( Chinmaya Heritage Center) on July 8, followed by one in Delhi (NCUI Auditorium) on July 14 and another in Mumbai (IES Raja Shivaji Vidyalaya) on July 15.It's my passionI've been solving puzzles since 2000. But today, though they were easy, I paid for a few silly mistakes. I have been representing India since 2004 in various events and I hope to continue my run. Sudoku is my passion.- Rajesh Kumar | Fourth-Place Finisher And Software Developer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14590447", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam: Pendency of death penalty cases had social, economic bias", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pendency of several cases related to capital punishment in Rashtrapati Bhavan is one \"inherited task\" that no President would feel happy about, according to former President APJ Abdul Kalam.\"I thought I should get all these cases examined from a normal citizen's point of view in terms of the crime, intensity of the crime and the social and financial status of the individuals who were convicted and awarded capital punishment,\" Kalam writes in his soon-to-be-released book \"Turning Points\" against the backdrop of the demand for early hanging of convicts like Afzal Guru and Ajmal Kasab.APJ Abdul Kalam says the study revealed to his surprise that almost all pending cases \"had a social and economic bias\", giving an impression that \"we were punishing the person who was least involved in the enmity and who did not have a direct motive for committing the crime\".According to Abdul Kalam, deciding on the issue of confirming capital punishment awarded by courts after exhausting all processes of appeals was one of the more difficult tasks for him as President.\"As a substantial number of cases have been pending in Rashtrapati Bhavan for many years, it is one inherited task that no President would feel happy about,\" he writes.\"Of course there was one case where I found that the lift operator (Dhananjoy Chatterjee) had in fact committed the crime of raping and killing the girl without doubt. In that case I affirmed the sentence.\"Chatterjee, sentenced to death for raping and murdering a 14-year-old girl in Kolkata in 1990, was hanged on August 14, 2004.APJ Abdul Kalam feels that while courts are hearing the capital punishment cases they should \"alert the law-enforcing authorities to intelligently find out the source of sustenance of the individual who is being punished and of his family\".This kind of analysis, he thinks, may lead to the real person and the motive which has led to the crime.\"We are all the creations of God. I am not sure a human system or a human being is competent to take away a life based on artificial and created evidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14578562", "title": "Rape accused flee taking advantage of power cut", "text": "MOHALI: A power cut at Sohana police station left Mohali cops embarrassed, as two rape accused used the opportunity and escaped on Sunday.Accused Bhupinder Singh and Kamaldeep Singh were arrested on charges of raping a woman of a village near Sohana. They escaped after two cops yielded to their request of opening the lock-up, as \"power cut had made it too hot\".The incident came to light when home guard volunteer Hari Om took charge of duty and found them missing. Head constables Hem Raj and Ram Murti were suspended and criminal cases filed against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14590207", "title": "Indian eves beat England in first ODI", "text": "LONDON: Skipper Mithali Raj led from the front with an unbeaten knock of 94 as Indian women's cricket team defeated England by five wickets in their first one-dayer.Chasing 230, the Indian women overhauled the target with three balls to spare. It was a morale-boosting triumph for the Indian eves, who had lost both the Twenty20 matches preceding the ODIs.Opting to bat after winning the toss of coin, the hosts were all out for 229.Right-arm pacer N Niranjana trapped both the English openers leg before wicket. England skipper Charlotte Edwards was dismissed in the second over and 62 runs later, Niranjana sent back Tammy Beaumont.A few overs later, Archana Das dismissed Sarah Taylor. Wickets then continued to fall at regular intervals. Heather Knight was bowled Veda Krishnamurthy in the 30th over while Niranjana castled Jenny Gunn to leave the home team on 132 for the loss of five wickets.After Laura Marsh edged Gouhar Sultana to the wicketkeeper in the 42nd over, Arran Brindle (58), the top-scorer for England, was claimed by Das.Jhulan Goswami then chipped in with the wicket of Katherine Brunt while Das crashed Danielle Hazell's woodwork to wrap up the England innings with five balls remaining.Of the seven bowlers used by Raj, all except Meshram picked wickets. Niranjana returned with three scalps, while Das claimed four.It was not the best of starts for India as well as Mona Meshram, opening the chase with Poonam Raut, run out for nine with just 21 runs on the board.However, Raj and Raut forged a 106-run partnership before the latter was eventually bowled by Danielle Hazell for 60.But Raj held up one end to ensure victory for the visitors. She, along with her deputy Harmanpreet Kaur, added 89 crucial runs for the third wicket.Kaur, who scored a 51-ball 50 with four hits to the fence and the only six of the Indian innings, was Hazell's second wicket.Veda Krishnamurthy then chipped in six runs before falling to Danielle Wyatt while wicketkeeper Sulkashana Naik returned to the pavilion without opening her account. Raj, however, held steady to take India across the line.Brief scores: England 229 all out in 49.1 overs (A Brindle 58, A Das 4/61, N Niranjana 3/28)India 230/5 in 49.3 overs (Mithali Raj 94 not out, Poonam Raut 60, Harmanpreet Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579555", "title": "Passport mela: Many takers, a few givers", "text": "BANGALORE: The final day of the second edition of Passport Mela saw crowds flock to different venues of the city on Sunday. Such was the scene at the Regional Passport Office, Koramangala, that a policeman, in-charge of security, was seen distributing forms even as officials struggled to cope with the weekend pressure.\"We have acute staff shortage and need more hands to address people's needs,\" admitted KJ Srinivasa, regional passport officer, Bangalore.Srinivasa said the Staff Selection Commission is set to add 20 more personnel to the RPO in three months but wasn't sure how many would join them finally. \"Last year, 10 persons were assigned for our offices but only one reported to work. This is because the Staff Selection Commission selects candidates through a common exam, which is taken by people from different parts of the country. Often those from northern or western India who get selected hesitate to take a posting in the South. This is one of the main reasons why we face a staff crunch, especially during such occasions,\" said Srinivasa.Sunday's turnout was massive when compared to previous melas at Passport Seva Kendras in Lalbagh and Marathahalli. The scene at Koramangala RPO was the same, though.\"Of late, passport is the most accepted form of identity proof. Be it for higher studies abroad or for loans, passport is the most sought-after personal document,\" said Rajan Singh, an engineering student who applied for it. \"It's great to see the government taking an initiative to make it easily available to citizens,\" he said.For some, the requirement was so urgent that they didn't mind waiting for hours to get the chance to interact with officials and submit forms. \"Though I came early, I saw 141 people before me. But I didn't mind waiting for a few hours. In fact, others have had to wait for months to submit their applications before these melas started,\" said Giridhar Reddy, a Bangalorean who wants his passport re-issued .Walk in on any weekdayThe Koramangala regional passport office is all set to kick-start its new initiative on Monday, wherein it will accept 200 applications directly between 9.30am and 12pm every working day. It will be on firstcome-first-served basis. Though the new initiative is similar to weekend melas, authorities are reluctant to call it a Passport Mela as they fear such a title will raise expectations, resulting in huge rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570447", "title": "Three arrested with fake gold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Zone II deputy commissioner of police squad arrested three with 2.25 kg of yellow metal which they planned to sell off as gold from near Subhash Bridge on Sunday afternoon.The trio was handed over to Ranip police station for further investigation.According to Zone II squad officials, they were on patrol at Keshavnagar near Subhash Bridge at 3.30 pm on Sunday when they spotted a man, a youth and a woman on the road whom they found suspicious. They were stopped and their belongings were searched and officials found beads and bars of a yellow metal.The trio was identified as Poonam Salat, Ajay Salat and Ganga Salat, residents of Padra near Vadodara. Salat confessed that they were in the city to find the buyers who they could fool by saying that they had got gold somehow and could not keep it.\"They would sell off the metal with gold coating and flee the city. We believe they might be involved in earlier cases where the same modus operandi was used,\" said a Ranip police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14577737", "title": "CBI raids CSD canteens acorss Chandigarh, Panchkula, Himachal Pradesh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A joint team of CBI sleuths from Mumbai and Chandigarh have raided around a dozen CSD canteens in Chandigarh, Panchkula and in some parts of Himachal in connection with a corruption case regarding the supply of goods to defence forces' canteens in Mumbai.The raids were being conducted since after the arrest of four persons including a joint general manager Bikas Ranjan Daschaudhary, who holds a rank equivalent to a brigadier, Milind Govilkar of private firm Sankalp Consumer Products and two others in Mumbai on June 30.Daschaudhary and Govilkar were arrested for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh at former's residence in Mumbai.The joint team has also picked three persons including two from Chandigarh and one from Panchkula. They were released after questioning.DIG (CBI), Chandigarh, Mahesh Aggarwal, said, \"The joint team have raided a dozen locations and checked all record of Canteen Stores Department (CSD) in Haryana, Himachal and Chandigarh. Some people were also picked up from questioning in this regard.\"Notably, CSD operates from its head office at Mumbai and has depots all over India to provide consumer goods to the serving and retired personnel of Army, Navy and Air Force. Such goods are made available at uniform and concessional price throughout India.The CBI officials said the case was registered following the information that Sankalp Consumers Products Pvt Ltd allegedly acted as marketing arm and representative of a number of companies in an unauthorized manner against the policy laid by CSD.Sources said, Sankalp through Govilkar and officials of CSD allegedly entered into criminal conspiracy with each other and in furtherance of the said conspiracy manipulated various demands of CSD items in favour of the clients of Sankalp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14567393", "title": "Flyover debris back into Barapullah canal", "text": "NEW DELHI: TOI's report on the flyover construction waste clogging the Barapullah drain prompted the South Delhi Municipal Corporation into action around a month ago. However, residents of Nizamuddin West and adjoining areas are complaining that though earthmoving machines and pumps worked for a week, the drain is again full of debris forming small islands and stagnant pools of sewage water.\"The cleaning did start. The waste was scooped out but small mounds of silt were piled up on the road. The silt was never disposed of and it made its way back into the drain. The Barapullah flyover is a breather for commuters but it will make our life difficult during monsoon. Last year, there was knee-deep water in the whole area and the same is likely to happen this year, too,\" said Monu Chadha, president, Jungpura RWA.The concrete waste from the nearby residential colonies has also been dumped on roads. The link from Mathura Road towards Nizamuddin station is buried under rubble, reducing it into a single lane. \"The waste has been dumped on the road for months but all the authorities do is plead ignorance and pass the buck. Even the slip road to the Barapullah flyover has concrete waste strewn all over. We have been complaining to civic agencies but due to officials' apathy, builders from the neighbouring area keep on dumping truckloads of broken bricks, tiles and other building material here,\" said Shabana Aqil, a resident of Nizamuddin West.Corporation officials, however, claim they will finish the job before the rains. \"70% of the silt has been removed,\" said a senior official. PWD is paying the corporation Rs 5.65 crore to clear the rubble.But the corporation is not ready to clear the road rubble. \"It's a DDA road. Earlier, we have cleaned the road but not anymore. Every time we cannot spend our funds on other civic authorities. We have brought this problem to DDA's notice but to no avail,\" said the official.According to DDA, the road is off their hands. \"The road isn't with us and the corporation is to be blamed for the situation. If the road is ours then why did the corporation clear the debris,\" said DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14567681", "title": "Rider jumps signal, horse hit by cab", "text": "MUMBAI: A horse collapsed on the road and died after being hit by a taxi on Sunday afternoon when its rider jumped a red signal in front of CST and cantered ahead, reportedly heedless to the traffic.The incident occurred around 2pm. High court lawyer Sahil Saiyed, a witness to the scene, said, \"The horse rider, who is in his early 20s, was galloping along D N Road, headed for Fort. He did not even slow down at the red signal opposite CST, and within seconds, the horse collided with a taxi. I have reported to the police about the reckless act.\" Saiyed has given his statement to the MRA Marg police. The horse was reportedly being taken to Nariman Point to offer joyrides to visitors.While the horse died on the spot of internal injuries, the rider was admitted to St George Hospital with a head injury. Though the police are looking out for the taxi driver involved in the mishap, Saiyed asserted that it was the horse rider who was at fault. \"I have lodged a complaint of animal cruelty against the horse rider and the owner. The accident could have been totally avoided,\" said Saiyed. The caretakers of the horse also lodged a complaint with the MRA Marg police against the taxi driver and stated that the cabbie had hit the animal from behind. Saiyed, however, said, \"The horse handler was not even at the spot. He is blaming the taxi driver to protect themselves. Had the taxi hit the horse from behind, the driver could not have driven away easily.\"An official at MRA Marg police station told TOI that they have taken the complaint of the horse handlers and also recorded the statement of Saiyed - further investigation is on in this matter.Shocked by the news, animal activist and co-founder of Mumbai For Horses Ambika Hiranandani said most horses in the city are exploited, either to offer joyrides or pull carriages, for easy money. But, most handlers are least bothered about the animal's health or wellbeing.\"Almost all horses are illegally left to fend themselves on beaches, near dump yards or in slums, without a roof above their heads. The animals develop laminitis and maggot infections in their hooves,\" said Hiranandani. \"This is not the first time that a horse has lost its life due to negligence. Until carriages and joyrides are banned, horses will continue to meet with cruel deaths. Every stable here is illegal and yet the authorities do not take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14592331", "title": "The Amazing Spider-Man: A visual and spiritual feast", "text": "Suddenly after sitting open-mouthed for more than two hours watching Andrew Garfield fly high\u2014really really high\u2014as Spiderman I felt deeply worried for all those Bollywood filmmakers who insist on making spectacle-centric films, 3D and all. Don't! Guys, our action-spectacle films are a joke in comparison with this week's Hollywood release.The Amazing Spider-Man is entitled to its bit of self-congratulation in the title. A visual and, yes, spiritual feast, this feisty kinetic film is not about showing off the visual effects. But when they come on...by jove! They create a parda-phaad sensation.The beauty of this monster of an entertainer lies in its understated extravagance. The action sequences don't assail our senses. Rather, they are insinuated intuitively into the saga softly gently and gracefully. We are enchanted by the economy of expression. A neat nifty and arresting balance is created between an old fashioned tale of a boy Peter (Garfield, emphatically endearing)'s search for his vanished parents and the hi-tech fireworks that ensue. In the process Peter discovers an inner strength that is projected outward in a show of self assertion that has the power to save the world.The plot is kept simple. The tangled web emerges from the complications that the characters create in their endeavour to beat their innate weaknesses. Our hero is a vulnerable orphan boy-man seeking answers to questions that beg for an existential remedial procedure. The villain ,a limbless scientist Dr Curtis Corners wants to use genetic tricks to get his place back as a normal human being.It all comes together in a whoosh of wondrous magical moments, endearing characters and a near-perfect packaging of characters we've grown up watching in cinema about 'Good Versus Evil'.So why can't we put together traditional morality tales with even a fraction of this film's finesse Rakesh Roshan who helms the Bollywood super-hero series Krissh says one of the action sequences in Amazing Spiderman equals the budget of his entire film. But it's not only about the money. It's about harnessing the grandeur, keeping a tight check on the flow of flamboyance to make sure the characters don't get eclipsed by extravagance.Finally, it's about the application of pure common sense to the age-old revenge formula. Mr Anubhav Sinha, are you thinking Ra.One 2? Don't even think of it.PS. Irrfan Khan's piddly role affirms the fact that Bollywood is a bloody joke in the West. He hasn't even bothered to dub his own lines in Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14595292", "title": "'Facebook issues revenue warning over its mobile growth'", "text": "LONDON: Social networking giant Facebook is playing catch up to popular micro blogging platform Twitter when it comes to effective mobile advertisements, according to a report.Twitter is now generating most of its revenues from adverts seen by its users on mobile devices rather than from commercial messages on Twitter.com.Facebook, on the other hand, has issued a revenue warning over its mobile growth and it lack of capacity to monetise the small screen.According to Angus Wood, the group director for paid social media at iProspect, Twitter has a significant head start on Facebook as its advertising platform was 'built for mobile from the off'.\"Twitter never created a specific advertising space but allowed people to pay to promote their tweets on the existing service,\" The Telegraph quoted Wood, as saying.\"It baked the commercial part of its venture into the service from the off. And also the Twitter.com experience is nearly identical to that of the mobile app,\" he said.\"However, Facebook created a traditional display advertising media platform - in a similar vein to Yahoo and MSN - which doesn't easily translate to mobile,\" he added.According to the paper, Woods has, however, warned not to write Facebook's mobile efforts off.\"Don't underestimate Facebook. So far there are only sponsored stories which allow brands the chance to advertise on the mobile app,\" Woods said.\"I am sure they will come up with something which can allow them to monetise their huge reach. Twitter is still a much smaller and typically younger and digitally savvy crowd...Facebook attracts everyone but it needs to get its mobile advertising plan started,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14590966", "title": "We have to establish people's govt at central level: Mohan Baidya Kiran", "text": "After breaking away from Prachanda-led Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist, and forming his new party, Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist, Mohan Baidya Kiran, spoke of reviving the regional coordination with the Maoist parties in South Asia.How will you make the constitution, you have claimed that there has been massive intervention by India, how have you scrutinized the new developments? In the past you had formed COMPOSSA, will it be continued?Mohan Baidya: In the process of making the constitution the issue of Indian intervention has always been there since B.S 2007 (1951).Firstly, making a people's constitution is not possible by collaborating and wrangling day and night-out with feudalists, compradors and bureaucratic bourgeoisie class.Secondly, making a new constitution involves the participation of all the oppressed people. Now this has been clearly proven. Therefore, in such a situation the constitution cannot be made.So, whether the agenda is of reinstating the constituent assembly or yet again another election, this is all incorrect. Now the political outlet has to be forged by conducting discussions and debates through a roundtable conference in a multilateral convention.Even if this process fails to make a new constitution then those who are in the line of federalism should begin the process of establishing people's government at a local level. We have to move forward with the concept of establishing a people's government even at the central level. It is completely nonsense to talk about making constitution without forming a pro-people government. We are very clear in this issue.We are also very clear about what we should do on the question of Indian intervention. Basically, it won't be wrong to say Nepal is a neo-colony of India. The act of destroying border-pillars by the Indian side has been talking place on a daily basis, the border has been encroached in many places including Sustaa, Maheshpur and Kalapanee.Forget the other governments, even Prachanda and Baburam, who led the government from our own Maoist party could do nothing to stop it happening but just became hopeless spectators. The intervention of Indian expansionism in all sectors- economic, political, social and strategic has been rapidly gearing up. Indian expansionism is fulfilling its self-interest by providing space to Indian puppets in Nepal. Indian expansionism has no respect for the Nepalese. We respect Indian People but the Indian government points its evil eyes on the Nepalese on a regular basis.There have been many unequal treaties with India since 1950. Instead of nullifying these unequal treaties, arrangements are being made to sign even more unequal treaties including Upper-Karnalee and Arun-III. Baburam's government has signed another water resource agreement with India. Therefore, we have been relentlessly insisting to nullify all these unequal treaties. In an interview with The Hindu, an Indian Newspaper, Prachanda claimed that we (Nepalese) have an exceptional relationship with India. Those who have exceptional relationship with India are parties like the Nepali Congress.Now, Prachanda has also started to follow Nepali Congress. Therefore, we rigorously oppose all these trends. What we have said is that all the unequal treaties signed so far in this 21st century between India and Nepal has to be nullified, and new arrangements to sign new coequal treaties that benefits Indian and the Nepalese people need to be made. If the intervention doesn't stop, as we have been saying- we also have principal contradiction with Indian expansionism, we will target our struggle of national sovereignty against bureaucratic bourgeoisie in Nepal as well as Indian expansionism.Finally, you asked about COMPOSA (Coordination Committee of Maoist Parties and Organisations of South Asia), COMPOSA is not something to fear! This is an umbrella organization to struggle in the interest of patriotic, leftists and all other pro-people elements in the South-Asian region. This organization has been weakened for sometimes now. We think about the ways to strengthen it again and carry on with it. The main thing is that if the imperialists, expansionists and opportunists conspire to weaken the people of any countries then the people and the pro-people forces also have to unite in tactic and form a united front to struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14574547", "title": "Gadkari puts Karnataka rebels on notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP has decided to crack the whip on two former chief ministers \u2014 Karnataka's B S Yeddyurappa and Gujarat's Keshubhai Patel \u2014 as the party feels that the leadership cannot be seen as succumbing to pressure.With a rebellious Yeddyurappa threatening the Karnataka government by lining up his loyalist MLAs to resign if chief minister Sadananda Gowda is not replaced by Jagdish Shettar, party president Nitin Gadkari has told the legislators that they should either withdraw their resignations or see them being accepted, sources said.It was made clear that there would be no leadership change in Karnataka at the moment and that the BJP central leadership would take up the matter only after the presidential election on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14577972", "title": "Jundal case hints at Pak patronage, say US analysts", "text": "WASHINGTON: Influential American intelligence analysts are concluding that Pakistan is not budging from its use of terror as part of its statecraft going by the country's reluctance to act against perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks.Endorsing the Indian charge, further confirmed after captured LeT trainer Abu Jundal's disclosures., that the attack had Pakistan's official sanction, the analysts point to Islamabad's continued patronage of LeT chief Hafiz Mohammed Saeed as one sign that Islamabad has embraced terrorism as official policy.\"Pakistani officials argue that they don't have the capacity to deal with these groups in a comprehensive and consistent way. But this argument rings hollow when Sayeed roams the country freely making speeches and raising funding for his LeT front organization,\" Heritage Foundation scholar and former CIA analyst Lisa Curtis wrote amid growing disquiet in Washington over Pakistan's rampant use of terrorism in the region.Her former CIA colleague Bruce Riedel, who worked on the Obama administration's Af-Pak policy, said Jundals's revelations that two members of the ISI, both allegedly majors in the Pakistani army , were also in the Karachi control room overseeing the Mumbai carnage \"confirms the longstanding accusation that the 2008 plot was orchestrated with the assistance of the ISI.\"Riedel also pointed out that David Headley said the same thing, as did Ajmal Kasab , the only survivor of the group captured Indian cops. In an op-ed in the Daily Beast , Riedel said because Abu Jindal was actually in the control room in Karachi \"his accusation is even more powerful\" and if these are confirmed \"then the ISI was involved directly in the decision to murder Americans\" .Some experts, including India's B Raman, a former intelligence official, have suggested this is one of the reasons Washington leaned on Saudi Arabia to extradite Jundal to India. Riedel and Raman say the Saudi role in capturing Abu Jindal is significant given that Riyadh is Islamabad's closest ally and the ISI has very strong links with its Saudi counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "st george's", "code": "14590965", "title": "Third ODI washed out, India 'A'-West Indies 'A' series ends 1-1", "text": "ST GEORGE'S: The third and final unofficial one-dayer between India 'A' and the West Indies 'A' had to be called off without a ball being bowled due to rain, leaving the series tied 1-1.Overnight rain continued well into the afternoon and umpires Vincent Bullen and Goaland Greaves were left with little choice but to abandon the match.The series finished tied 1-1 after West Indies A won the first match by two wickets last Wednesday and India clinched the second by 108 runs two days later.With this, India A's tour of the Caribbean came to an end with the team achieving modest results.The two teams had earlier tied 1-1 in the couple of Twenty20s, while the hosts had claimed the three-match unofficial four-day Test series.India's batsmen, including established names such as Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan struggled on the tour, but a few youngsters such as all-rounder Jalaj Saxena made an impression with gritty performances in the low-scoring affairs on the bouncy tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569381", "title": "Don\u2019t humiliate prisoners, court tells jailers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court hearing the 2008 serial blasts case directed Sabarmati Central Jail authorities to respect human rights of the accused and maintain their dignity while frisking them. Designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik also asked the authorities to treat all the prisoners equally after four of the serial blasts suspects complained that they were forced to get nude in the presence of many in the common area of the central jail on the pretext of frisking.They also said that the jail staff does not check cops who have been arrested and accused in fake encounter cases when they enter the jail. The blast suspects said the arrested cops were permitted to enter the jail campus with bags in hand, while when they returned after check-ups at Civil Hospital, they were made to shed all their clothes for a body search.A suspect in the blasts case, Umar Kabira alleged that when he returned from the hospital after undergoing surgery, he was stopped for frisking even as he pled with the guards that he was not even in a condition to stand properly. He says he was forced to remove all his clothes before all those present.Kabira also complained before special judge Jyotsna Yagnik that at the same time D G Vanzara other suspended cops also returned to jail carrying packed bags. He says there was no body search nor were their bags searched. \"When I objected and asked the constable to search them too, he replied that he was 'ordered by seniors not to do so',\" said Kabira in his complaint filed through advocate I M Munshi.A similar complaint was also made by Amil Parwaz also, whose clothing was forcibly removed by guards in public a couple of days before Kabira's incident took place. Two other undertrials in this case \u2014 Mohammed Ali and Samee Bagewadi have also charged jail guards with humiliating them on the pretext of a body search. They alleged that they were made to take undress completely on April 24, when they returned from Civil Hospital.On the prisoners' request to the court to direct the jail authorities to stop humiliating them, the judge sought a report from the jail authority. In its report, the jail authority told the court that there is a separate room for frisking (jadti) at the entrance and prisoners need to be frisked thoroughly because many prisoners were found smuggling electronic gadgets into prison. In the reply, the jail officials claimed that prisoners who are to be frisked are taken to the room.After going through the reply, the special court asked the jail authority to treat the blasts suspects in the same manner as other prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14575988", "title": "APMC refuses to part with land", "text": "Mysore: The proposal to decongest the city centre by relocating the City Bus Stand (CBS) either to J K Grounds or Old RMC Market has not gone down well with the APMC.APMC president H S Nagaraj has indicated that they will not part with their land easily. Taking exception to district minister S A Ramdas' plans to shift CBS to Old RMC market yard, Nagaraj said that the minister had not discussed the issue with them.This comes amidst a plea by Mysore Medical College and Research Institute to spare J K Grounds, which is the medical college's sports ground. Earlier when the proposal was discussed, medical students had protested against the move. There was also opposition to shifting of CBS which was renovated three years ago under JNNURM.The APMC chief's opposition is the latest in the series of objections encountering shifting of the CBS from the city centre-it abuts Krishnaraja Circle and Mysore Palace.While MCC had tried to stop construction of the new bus stand at the site, KSRTC went ahead given that it had the No Objection certificate from MCC, a prerequisite for the approval of the project by the empowered panel at the Centre. The KSRTC built the new facility investing Rs 11 crore adding additional bus bays and amenities for the public including an underpass connecting different platforms.If minister Ramdas' plans to relocate CBS to the J K grounds doesn't work out, the RMC market yard was the preferred option as it is next to the railway station. The market yard is spread over 6 acres. The vegetable market is vacant as it was shifted to the APMC yard in Bandipalya. Says Nagaraj: \"the RMC yard is not a suitable place for a bus stand. Besides we plan to shift the fruit market to the yard, which will help us generate revenue. Some 100 fruit merchants have come forward to shift their shops to the yard.\" Ramdas was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14571215", "title": "Sisters held for swindling crores", "text": "KOLKATA: Two sisters, in their early thirties, built a palatial house at Champasari, a rural area in the fringes of Siliguri city. They used to visit the newly built house in expensive cars. A couple of months ago, they moved in with their pets - two German Shepherd dogs. Everything about these two convent-educated, smart and attractive sisters appeared king-size to the locals. So awe-struck with their affluence were the villagers that they never realized the girls were on the most-wanted list of Kolkata Polices' detective department.It was only on Saturday that the villagers came to know that they girls - Dipsikha and Debasree Chakraborty - duped a nationalized bank and swindled crores. The sisters who used to drive costly cars along the muddy roads of the village were seen fleeing from their house on a scooty. But the cops intercepted them mid-way and arrested them in full view of the locals.Dipsikha and Debasree, residents of Siliguri, moved to Kolkata a few years ago and formed a fraud racket to dupe banks. On March 17, Kolkata Police's detective department received a complaint from a nationalized bank that a company defrauded the bank by providing fake documents.A probe revealed that Larsen Engineering Company, with a registered office at 10 Jodhpur Park, had approached the Jodhpur Park branch of a nationalized bank for home and car loans for their employees. The company provided documents of their employees and applied for car loans. According to police, the firm informed the bank that they have a tie-up with a reputed car dealer and their employees had deposited the required down payment against their car loan.During verification, the bank also found the amount was indeed deposited in the car dealer's account and disbursed the car loan amount to the account of the car dealer without any suspicion. It was later found that the car dealer was never contacted by the company and the account was opened with forged documents. But the entire loan amount was withdrawn from the fictitious account by then.The same company then defrauded Raninagar branch of the same nationalized bank by providing fake documents against home loans for the employees. Cops later found the company was a fictitious one and all the employees who applied for loans were part of the fraud racket.Following the complaint, police rounded up five persons in connection with the fraud. During interrogation, names of these sisters cropped up. It was learnt the real names of the sisters were Rimi and Tanusree Mitra and they used to stay in a rented flat at New Alipore.\"Initially, they were staying in their cars with their two pets. They managed to complete their Champasari house soon and moved there few months ago,\" said an investigator. Another cop of the anti-bank fraud squad added, \"We managed to track their parents' house in Siliguri and managed to get information on Champasari by questioning them.\"An initial investigation revealed that the same girls duped several other banks in a similar way and defrauded crores. Police recovered several pan cards from their possession in different names but carrying their photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14601309", "title": "Goa's Dharnaksh land records system faster, cheaper than Mahiti Ghars", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's \"Dharnaksh\" web-based land records system that was launched on June 27, is much faster and cheaper than the existing system of obtaining land records from the numerous Mahiti Ghars (information kiosks) in Goa.\"Dharnaksh\", launched by chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently, enables citizens anywhere in the world to view map outlines of properties in Goa on the Internet and even take print-outs after making payments. It is a first of its kind in the country.Officials in the directorate of survey and land records said that presently citizens seeking, for example, a certified copy of a survey plan from the Mahiti Ghars have to personally go to the Ghars, pay Rs 150 per sub-division and then go again after about 6 to 8 days to collect the documents.Dharnaksh offers the citizen two choices, both of which are easier and cheaper than going to the Mahiti Ghar. The first one is where the citizen logs onto the Dharnaksh website by sitting at home and registers his request for the survey plan.He also makes the payment sitting at home by paying Rs 80 online through the payment gateway. He only has to come personally to collect his documents within 24 working hours. The second option is even better. The citizen makes the request sitting at home by logging on to the Dharnaksh website, makes the payment sitting at home and also collects the documents sitting at home. This is by requesting the directorate of sending the documents to his house by post.The cost of Rs 80 for the survey plan remains the same except that the citizen has to pay Rs 50 for postal delivery, which will happen after 3 working days from the date of request. Online tracking of the request can also be done from home and the \"previous extractions\" link will show the status of one's request. The citizen can then follow up with his postman though the directorate is also looking to deliver documents faster through courier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14576159", "title": "Sell investments that are making losses", "text": "A very common problem in a bear market is the unwillingness to book losses. Investors take the buying decision quickly and easily, even if it is only based on a tip from a friend. However, the decision to sell, especially at a loss, is not as easy. But why should we have a selling plan in place, and what can we do about being unable to sell at a loss?Many investors assign a lot of importance to choosing the right investment to buy. This, however, does not translate into greater amount of effort, research or analysis before buying. A small proportion of buyers actually do the hard work; the rest simply buy on hope and optimism. Stories about multi-baggers, businesses that rose from being tiny to giant leaders and the media attention to success stories lead many to think that successful investing is all about buying right. Selling is not given similar importance.Given the limited attention to detail while being eager to buy, it has to be expected that some, if not many, of these decisions may actually go wrong. If the buy decisions happened at the peak of a bull market, when optimism ruled, it is all the more likely that these decisions were wrong. Buyers of IPOs know this only too well. They buy hoping that the stock would list at a premium. The intention is to sell on listing and make a profit. But if the stock lists lower and moves downhill, investors still hold on to it with the fond hope that they will be able to exit someday at a profit. What was a quick short-term bet has now become a long-term holding, at a loss. There is a noble ring to being a long-term investor, but holding a losing stock for a long period has not made anyone rich.If we refuse to sell a wrongly selected investment, we're harming ourselves financially as we miss the efficient use of capital. Sensible investing is about ensuring that capital is put to work. This requires asking whether the capital deposited in a loss-making investment can be released and put to an alternate use. If viewed holistically, it would become easy to see that portfolios suffer more from being bled to death by wrong choices than because of the failure to buy the right investment at the right time.Why is it tough to sell? Behavioural economists have demonstrated conclusively that investors are unable to treat profit and loss equally. Given a choice, investors would happily book a profit and feel good, than book a loss and feel the sense of regret about having made a wrong decision. We are anchored on the price at which we bought. We fail to consider the performance of the investment in isolation, without reference to our purchase price. We generalise and think that the next up move will take our investment up too, despite its limitations. Therefore, selling at a loss does not come naturally to us. It takes effort and rational thinking.How can we sell what is not working for us and rein in the portfolio? First, we need to identify what we should sell. If we had an investment rationale when we bought, we need to ask if our assumptions held out. If the investment was bought merely with the view that it would appreciate, with no other fact to back that view, it is a candidate for sale. If we bought an equity fund because it is well-diversified, managed by a reputed name and is process-driven , there is no need to bring it into the sell list because the bear markets impacted its performance . The fund is very likely to bounce back. If we bought a fund because a star fund manager took it over and we expected his past magic to play out, there is no reason to hold if he has quit the fund. The fund is likely to have lost deeply and is unlikely to come back when the market revives. Revisit the investment rationale and see if it holds; if new information screams that it was not valid, it should be on the sell list.Second, even if we know that an investment decision has not worked, we may assume that waiting for the next bull run may give us the honourable exit at or above the purchase price. This may not be true. A downturn in the market means weak businesses will fail, or have to rework completely and may not remain as good as they were in the peak. A down cycle is brought about by changing economic conditions that render a once great idea bad. If we know what we have is a rotten apple, we should get rid of it to protect the portfolio.Third, selling at a loss releases capital. This can be deployed in something that is working, and used to recoup the losses of the earlier bad decision. If the next buy is also impulsive, not based on facts or research, and is another whim, we set ourselves for failure. The objective should be to recoup the loss by reinvesting sensibly. If done at the bottom of a bear market, this realignment can help when the bull market returns. Take a hard look at what you have, and begin to act on it.\u2014 The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14567666", "title": "Body found in central Delhi", "text": "A man was found dead under mysterious circumstances in a park at Delhi Gate in central Delhi, police said. Jagdish Pandey, in his late forties is a native of Uttarakhand. His identity could be determined with the help of a tattoo inscribed on his hand and a document seized from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14575228", "title": "Retired judge to probe irregularities in Madurai Kamaraj University", "text": "MADURAI: A retired judge is all set to probe the irregularities into the recruitment of teaching faculty in Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU).During the tenure of former vice-chancellor Karpaga Kumaravel, as many as 120 assistant professors and associate professors were recruited. The university has been clouded for several months after Karpaga Kumaravel left under allegations that several faculty members of the 120-odd appointments made during his tenure got the posts through dubious means. While Karpaga Kumaravel has denied the allegations and maintained that the appointments were made adhering to norms, several senate and syndicate members of MKU had demanded a high-level probe.\"It will be a one-member committee. The university wanted the allegations to be probed by a retired judge. Justice A Raman, retired judge of the Madras high court has given his concurrence to conduct an independent inquiry,\" said Kalyani Mathivanan, vice-chancellor of the more than four-decade-old university. Kalyani took over as the vice-chancellor in April this year, after the post lay vacant for more than a year since Karpaga Kumaravel's tenure ended. Soon after she assumed charge, Kalyani Mathivanan had assured that a thorough probe will be held into the issue.I Ismail, general secretary of Madurai Kamaraj University Principals' Association had even filed a public interest litigation in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court demanding a CBI probe into the alleged irregularities. He stated in the petition that the irregularities came to light during the audit report prepared by the director of local fund audit for the year 2010-11. However, the high court directed the petitioner to approach appropriate authorities as there are inbuilt mechanisms to address such issues in the university before approaching the court.Ismail alleged in the petition that ineligible people had managed to secure postings in various departments of the university. He charged that some of them had paid as much as Rs 14 lakh to secure the posting. Raising the issue during the last senate meeting in March, several members had demanded a high-level committee to probe the allegations.\"By constituting the one-member probe committee, we also wanted to send a message that grievances of people should be brought to the university authorities rather than knocking the doors of the court,\" Kalyani said.Kalyani said that no stone would be left unturned in bringing out the truth behind the appointments. \"Justice Raman would begin the probe as early as possible. He will submit the report to the vice-chancellor,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14576340", "title": "Hockey team finishes France tour on a high", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian hockey team rounded off its tour to France with a 4-0 win over the home team on a blue pitch at Le Touquet on Sunday.In a tough game where the French team played an 11-man defence, India scored via Sardar Singh (26 th), Sandeep Singh (35th, penalty corner), VR Raghunath (56 th, penalty corner) and Danish Mujtaba (64 th). Chief coach Michael Nobbs felt it was an average performance by the team with the Indians playing down to the hosts' level at times.\"The French had a different team today and a better plan. We spent too much time playing around the back when penetrating attack passes were a better option and could have resulted in more shots at goal. We could have done significantly more,\" Nobbs said about Saturday's game.Sardar's spectacular reverse hit and Sandeep Singh's dragflick may have put India 2-0 up at the breather but it was only in the second half that India showed signs of domination.The Indians, who had beaten France 8-2 in the first match on Thursday, leave for Spain on Monday . They are scheduled to play a three-nation tournament (Great Britain being the third team) from July 14-18 . Before that they will play two tests each against Spain and South Africa from July 5-11 .Sandeep has fans in FranceSandeep Singh has his share of followers in France. This would have surprised the dragflicker himself but apparently he was the only recognisable face at Lille when the team had lost its way on Wednesday.\"Sandeep has his fans here already. Our driver managed to get us lost as we were going to the ground. We were already an hour late for training, So we stopped and asked some kids for direction. They flocked to Sandeep before telling us how to get to the ground. Sandeep was also much sought after at Le Touquet where his fans wanted his autograph. He is very well known it seems,\" Nobbs said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14589368", "title": "BJP averts crisis in Karnataka, Yeddyurappa supporters won't quit", "text": "BANGALORE: Under fire from the BJP high command, nine rebel ministers, who had resigned on Friday demanding replacement of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, agreed to withdraw their resignation.In a sudden development on Monday morning, the dissident camp, lead by former CM B S Yeddyurappa, also backtracked from its earlier statement and said no deadline was given to the high command to solve the political crisis.\"We never issued any deadline to the party,\" dissident leader Basavaraj Bommai told reporters. After holding a meeting of 55 MLAs on Sunday, the rebel camp set July 5 deadline for the high command to replace Gowda, failing the dissidents would hold a parallel legislature party meeting and elect a new leader.The stern warning from BJP president Nitin Gadkari is said to have made the hardliners to withdraw their resignation. Gadkari is believed to have told Yeddyurappa that a discussion on the change in leadership can happen only if resignations are withdrawn and the rebels can't blackmail the party. The chief minister welcomed the Monday's development. The supporters of both the camps will be leaving for Delhi on Monday evening.While the dissident camp served a July 5 notice to replace Gowda with Lingayat strongman Jagadish Shettar, the other camp, too, cranked up pressure with party state unit chief, K S Eshwarappa, saying that they're ready to face early assembly elections in December.Some 55 MLAs owing allegiance to Yeddyurappa held a meeting at Shettar's residence on Sunday. The dissidents are ready to go their own way if the BJP bosses don't resolve the issue by Thursday, said Narasimha Naik (Raju Gouda), one of the 10 ministers who resigned and now a spokesperson for the group. Later, they released a list of 51 supporters.The crisis, if left unresolved, had the potential to cut short the life of the BJP's first-ever government in the south with the dissidents planning to garner the support of at least 80 MLAs and hold a parallel legislature party meeting soon. With the support of 80 or more MLAs, the rebels' group claim they are the original members of the BJP and could elect their own leader. Under the amended Anti-Defection Act, two-thirds of members coming out of a party (in BJP's case, it should be 80) will not attract the provisions of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602675", "title": "Sonarika is mommy's girl", "text": "Young leads have recently been a trend on television and the latest entrant Sonarika Bhadoria from producer Nikhil Sinha's Devon Ke Dev Mahadev, is said to have turned 19.In fact, we hear that the actress' mother is always spotted with Sonarika on the sets of her show. When we contacted Sonarika she said, \" Yes , my mom is usually on the sets with me and it's really great to have her around. I appreciate having her around for guidance as well as feedback.My mom is extremely non-interfering as an individual and so she usually spends most of her time in my make up room and doesn't interrupt our shoots at all. At the end of the day, she watches the final cut and provides me with her valuable feedback. Also, everyone around here loves her because she enjoys cooking and brings delicious home made meals for my co-stars. She's really become a favorite of all on the sets. For me, having my mother around is a great moral support!\" It seems like Sonarika is truly a mommy's girl!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14578380", "title": "20,000 saplings to be planted", "text": "Dharwad: The district administration will plant 20,000 saplings in Dharwad district this monsoon.Participating at the 'Vanamahotsava' jointly organized by the State Bank of India , Hubli-Dharwad Nagarika Parisara Samiti and the forest department here on Sunday, DC Darpan Jain said 1,000 saplings each will be planted in Hubli and Dharwad while 6,000 saplings would be planted in rural areas. Jain expressed his concern over the fall in the survival rate of the saplings which are planted along the roadside and advised the concerned to protect the planted trees at least for first 2-3 years.The deputy commissioner also appealed to the business organizations, banks, NGOs and the general public to extend financial help for getting tree-guards and help the district administration in its efforts to keep the green-belt intact. Lamenting over the alarming depletion in the ground water level, Darpan Jain said more stress should be given to rain water harvesting.\"Eco system should be maintained. Any imbalance caused to this will affect the entire system\", he cautioned.SBI deputy general manager Venugopal Reddy handed over a cheque of Rs 2 lakh to the deputy commissioner as Bank's contribution towards planting of 2,000 saplings and supplying providing tree-guards.DFO V M Halagatti was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14577239", "title": "Team Anna starts campaign in Rohtak, seeks support", "text": "ROHTAK: To drum up support in Haryana and strengthen the demand for a strong Lokpal during the country-wide campaign and indefinite fast from July 25, Arvind Kejriwal , the new mascot of Team Anna, on Sunday started a two-day Kranti Yatra from Bahadurgarh in Jhajjar district.The team will cover eight places in Haryana including Meham, Bhiwani, Hisar, Jind, Sonepat and Gohana.Addressing supporters of India Against Corruption (IAC) here on Sunday, Kejriwal said that this time, the movement against corruption would be at a larger scale. \"We would not end it until a strong Lokpal at the Centre and a Lokayukta in states are not constituted,\" he said.Kejriwal said that the Lokayukta Act of Haryana government was very weak, which was causing high corruption. \"In the name of land acquirement, the state government is busy exploiting the farmers. After purchasing their land at throwaway prices, the government was benefitting corporate houses,\" he alleged.Citing widespread corruption among political parties ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Kejriwal emphasized the need of necessary election reforms. \"To eradicate corruption from the country, it was mandatory to change the election system, as voters did not have alternatives, parallel to the constitution of Lokpal and Lokayukta,\" he said.Replying to a question about differences among members of Team Anna, Kejriwal denied the same, but observed that due to communication gap, contradictory views could have emerged. The team members also visited Bhiwani and Meham later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14574048", "title": "It is a safe journey on a Vembanad bus", "text": "KOCHI: If you see as many as 36 buses named Vembanad along the Kottayam-Kumarakom route, you have witnessed what a bunch of bus owners achieved when they gave priority to safety.The objective of Vembanad Society was simple when they began operations in June 2011 - cut down the number of accidents along the stretch by regularizing service and maintaining a safe speed. To ensure that revenue generation never takes a back seat, they introduced an even simpler concept - share the earnings of a day equally so that no one suffers a loss.And for the past one year, every day, the owners bring the day's revenue to the society's office, where they divide it equally, thus achieving a no-loss situation. When asked about the benefits they got after forming the society, P K Jayarajan, secretary of the association pointed out the reduction in maintenance cost. \"During the years when the wages for a bus crew was directly related to the number of trips, drivers were rash, engines wore out quickly and accidents were common. Now there is no need for us to compete and so both maintenance and accidents have come down.Earlier, whenever a bus accident occurred along this stretch, people and media were quick to blames us without taking into account the facts of the incident. But now they applaud this 'Vembanad' effort,\" he said adding that the daily average collection is around Rs 2,34,000. After Kumarakom, a similar initiative was started in Alappuzha and recently in the Kallara-Vaikom route. Jayarajan said the Bus Operators Federation in Kerala has plans to extend this Vembanad model across Kerala.Kumarakom panchayat president Dhanya Sabu who applauded the initiative of the bus owners for bringing down accidents,wants them to run services during the 9 pm -11 pm slot as the tourism location requires such a service. \"Bus accidents have come down, but private buses are still competing and this time against KSRTC buses. This has to change since pedestrians, especially school children, could get hurt,\" she said.Kochi: If you sight as many as 36 buses named Vembanad plying through the Kottayam-Kumarakom route, you have witnessed what a bunch of bus owners achieved through setting up a society to ensure safe journey.During its initiation in June 2011, the objective of the Vembamad Society was simple. Cut down the number of bus accidents in the stretch by regularising services and maintaining safe speed. To ensure that revenue generation never takes a back seat, they introduced an even simpler concept - share the earnings of the day equally so that no one makes any loss.And for the last one year, every day, the owners bring the day's revenue to the society's office, where they divide it equally, thus achieving a no-loss situation.When asked on the benefits they got after forming the society, P K Jayarajan, secretary of the association pointed a reduction in maintenance cost.\"During those years when the wages for bus crew depended on the number of trips, driving was rash, resulting to wear and tear to engine and other parts, not to ignore the accident part. Now there is no need for us to compete and so both maintenance and accidents have come down. Earlier whenever a bus accident occurred in the stretch, people and media used to tag us as the perpetrators, regardless of whether we made the mistake or not, but now they applaud the 'Vembanad' effort,\" he said adding that the average collection would come around Rs 2,34,000.After Kumarakom, a similar initiative was started in Alappuzha and recently in the Kallara-Vaikom route and according to Jayarajan, the Bus Operators Federation in Kerala has plans to extend the Vembanadu model across Kerala.Kumarakom panchayat president Dhanya Sabu who applauded the initiative of the bus owners for bringing down accidents, however wants them to run services during the 9 pm to 11 pm time as the tourism location requires it.\"Bus accidents have come down, but private buses are still competing and this time it is against KSRTC buses. This has to change since pedestrians especially school children could get hurt,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571085", "title": "Two teenagers drown into Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: Two teenagers drowned into Ganga. Three others were rescued by the divers at Chandan Ghat in Chakeri on Sunday.Rashid, Faraz and three others natives of KDA Colony in Jajmau planned to go for bathing at Chandan Ghat in the afternoon on Sunday. Initially, they were near the bank. After playing there for sometime, the boys jumped into the river for bathing. They started drowning. Hearing their cries, the divers made efforts to rescue the boys and succeeded in saving three. Rashid and Faraz could not be saved.The bodies of the two were fished out by the divers.Rashid, son of Ehsan of KDA Bazaar, had passed class XII examination with first division. Faraz, son of Siraj of the same area, was studying in class XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566100", "title": "\u2018Give 10% reservation to Muslims\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Urging the Centre to implement the recommendations in the Ranganath Mishra Commission report, activists representing the Muslim minority said on Sunday that a campaign would be launched next week to press for their demands.Speaking to mediapersons at a press conference, members of Movement for Peace and Justice (MPJ) stressed on the need to earmark 10% reservations for Muslims as mentioned in the Ranganath Mishra Commission report .The speakers put forward their demands which include presenting the report in the House for detailed debate in order to stop vote-bank politics and exploitation of minorities, giving a statutory status to the report and setting aside 10% reservation exclusively for Muslims immediately.They said that they will start a campaign in the coming week with support from other minorities including Sikhs, Christians and dalits in order to ensure that the 15% reservation for all minorities, of which 10% is for Muslims recommended in the report, be implemented. The campaign will include rallies and dharnas at mandal headquarters, district collectors and magistrates' offices. \"We will form an action committee next week. We will give a representation to the Centre too. Political parties like YSR Congress and TDP have agreed to support our cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572963", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation breather for 'illegal' structures", "text": "PATNA: Unauthorized hospitals, nursing homes, hostels and other commercial establishments, which have lately sprung up in the city, got some reprieve from the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Sunday as the corporation assured it was not going to demolish any of them arbitrarily. The PMC will hold an inquiry on case-to-case basis and then any decision regarding demolition would be taken.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said on Sunday, \"An inquiry will be conducted into all such establishments which have come up in the city on the leased land provided by the erstwhile Patna Regional Development Authority (PRDA) for residential purposes. If it is found during the inquiry that due to opening up of such establishments in residential areas, the people residing there are facing problems, then action will be taken against them.\"About 2.25 lakh structures in the city are not paying holding tax, Pal had earlier said. Moreover, the owners of a large number of establishments also pay lower power and water tariffs as applicable to residential complexes, even though they are used for commercial purposes.Meanwhile, out of 11 high-rise buildings identified earlier by the PMC which were creating obstacles in the operation of flights at Jai Prakash Narayan International Airport, Patna, owing to its short runway, and were served notices by the corporation last week, five have so far replied, Pal said. \"Action will be taken once we get reply from all of them,\" he said, adding, the corporation has decided to remove one high mast light at the airport premises for smooth landing and take-off of flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14575341", "title": "A ticket for a movie legend", "text": "MADURAI: For this 52-year-old BSNL employee in Madurai, movie tickets are not just an entry pass to the cinema hall, but memorabilia to showcase his love for legendary actor and former chief minister MG Ramachandran.M Tamilnesan, from T Kunnathur near Perayur, has religiously collected tickets of all the MGR movies that he has watched in the last 20 years. While almost all theatres in Madurai are covered, he also has tickets of theatres from Coimbatore, Salem, Dindigul, Palani, Chennai and other towns. \"I missed tickets from theatres in Hyderabad and Bangalore,\" says Tamilnesan, proudly displaying the tickets pasted in the order of date. Some of them he possesses are truly memorabilia as those theatres no longer exist now.An SSLC holder, Tamilnesan recollects that he got introduced to MGR films when he was studying in the ninth standard. \"I vividly remember the day. The film was Mugarasi, screened in a theatre in nearby Kallupatti village. There was a huge crowd that came in bullock carts from various villages. I was surprised to see that a large number of women had also come,\" says Tamilnesan. \"But after watching the movie, I understood the reason for the huge crowd. It was the aura of MGR,\" he says. But he did not start collecting tickets from that time. \"It occurred to me to collect tickets only much later, in the 1990s. Till date, I have 800 tickets costing from Rs 2 to Rs 50 bought from over 150 theatres,\" he says. Tamilnesan maintains a diary where he has pasted the tickets with notes of the film, theatre and the show timings. \"Half of the theatres have been razed down now,\" he says.A diehard fan of MGR, so much so that he offers prayers to the matinee idol's portrait in his house everyday, Tamilnesan claims he has not watched films of any other actor. \"Even in television, I don't watch any other films or programmes except for news. But every Sunday, without fail, I watch an MGR movie. I have even watched movies like \"Admimai Penn\" 100 times,\" he says.Tamilnesan has also founded Madurai District MGR Devotees Club that has 130 members. The main activity of the club is to visit various towns and watch MGR films. Tamilnesan has planned a library in Kunnathur with the 150-odd books about MGR he possesses. \"MGR's life, like his films, is a messages to the masses. I want to spread them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598917", "title": "Is Krrish 3 similar to Ra.One?", "text": "While Shah Rukh Khan's \"Ra.One\" got a mixed response at the Box Office, guess we might soon witness a similar tale of good versus evil.Going by the way Hrithik Roshan's \"Krrish 3\" is shaping, in all probability, it seems like a film that's drawn some inspiration from \"Ra.One\".Filmmaker Rakesh Roshan has gone on record saying that Vivek Oberoi's villainous character in \"Krrish 3\", will now become a regular feature in the Krrish franchise. Elaborating about the same, Papa Roshan gave away a bit of the storyline to a leading daily and a look at that really makes us draw parallels with \"Ra.One\". Rakesh Roshan reportedly said, \"For the first time, there's another character as powerful as Hrithik's \"Krrish\" and that is Vivek Oberoi's Kaal.Krrish won't sing and dance. With Krrish and Kaal pitched against one another in a very serious combat, any attempt to change the equation would tilt the balance.\" Doesn't that remind you of \"Ra.One's famous G.One vs Ra.One plot, where all throughout the movie, Arjun Rampal's character (Ra.One) was shown to be more powerful than SRK's G.One? Well, all those who've seen SRK's magnum opus are quite obviously calling Krrish similar to the former. Rumour has it that Vivek's mean portrayal might remind one of Arjun's Ra.One and now, we can't help but wait for the promo of Rakesh Roshan's \"Krrish 3\", for they say a promo says it all!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14569579", "title": "One held for robbing senior citizen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of the city crime branch arrested a man involved in robbing gold jewellery worth Rs 2.11 lakh near Vadodara.According to the city crime branch officials, a team was on patrol near Jashodanagar crossroads on Saturday when they got a tip-off that a man had come to the city to sell gold ornaments that he had robbed.Working on the information, police nabbed Indrakumar Machhi, a resident of Shahera in Panchmahal district, on the basis of the description and found four gold bangles worth Rs 2.11 lakh during his body search.\"Machhi offered a 72-year old woman a lift near Savli . He then took a detour and showed her a knife and robbed her bangles. The woman had filed a complaint for robbery with Chhani police ,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14601672", "title": "Konkan Railway bags \"Turnaround Trophy\"", "text": "PANAJI: Konkan Railways Corporation limited (KRCL) has bagged the prestigious \" Turnaround Trophy\" from the department of public enterprises, central ministry of heavy industries.According to official sources from Konkan Railways, with careful monitoring of the finances and by implementing various economical measures, the Konkan Railways is on the progressive path of success and has again emerged out to be the profit making organization for the third year in row from 2009-10 to 2011-12.Konkan Railways was commenced in the year 1990 and completed in 1998 with a cost of 3555 crore serving the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa and Kerala. It brought about radical social and economical changes in these four states.Though this project has undergone cost and time overrun effects with heavy finance charges, it has started its operational surplus from 1998 itself i.e. from the time the railway became operational.Due to its heavy financial burdens, the Konkan Railway Corporation was listed as sick and loss making PSU.However, with meticulous business strategy, proper control over expenditure despite the implementation of the 6th Pay Commission pay scales to its employees and with its innovative technologies, Konkan Railway emerged as a profit making organization for the first time in its history in the year 2009-10, under the leadership of Bhanu Prakash Tayal.The latter took over as KRCL managing director from September 2009. Since then it has been surpassing all the performance indices in various spheres of its working, KRCL sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14579871", "title": "What a kick! Bangalore soaks in Euro frenzy", "text": "BANGALORE: While 250 million viewers worldwide tuned in to watch 'Super Mario' Balotelli and his Azzurri cavalieri's attempt to topple champions Spain, Bangaloreans weren't far behind in rooting for their side and showing their loyalty towards the two best teams in the footballing world on Sunday night.The city had its share of supporters of both, the Catenaccio-styled game played by the Italians and the impeccable 'free flow' football pioneered by the Spanish golden generation. But celebrations in Bangalore were markedly different from that in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev where the real action took place. The reason: celebrations here were mostly indoors, thanks to the blanket ban on nightlife post-11 pm.The adrenaline ran high, so did rounds of food and beverages, at a private party organized by Viren Khanna , which had several expats, including Spaniards, attending the event.\"I wanted the game to go into extra time just for Spain to repeat its semifinal heroics. That way it will also be interesting for Italian supporters,\" said Tario Bura, a Spanish expat who attended the party. \"I love everything about Spain and its culture,\" added Viren Khanna, who despite being notso-inclined towards football, rooted for the La Roja.Football-crazy local youngsters got into the groove too. Software engineer Akshay Rao was more than willing to watch the match till late in the night even if he had to report to work at 10am on Monday. \"The Euro finals happen once in four years. I can't miss it,\" he said as a community room packed with youngsters like him sat glued to the television set. The 22-year-old techie had taken special permission from his apartment union to screen the match for his friends and neighbours.While pubs and lounge bars in the city screened only the pre-match review, as the finals started only after 12am, many fans made up for an 'outdoor experience' with funky indoorhouse parties.\"We set up a barbecue to serve our guests with delicious roasts while they watched football,\" said 28-year-old Roshni Sharma, who along with her husband, Deep Sharma (28), organized a house party for their friends.Though the match was played live in a stadium thousands of miles away, Bangaloreans wanted to occupy the best seats, amidst their family and close friends, to be part of one of the historic moments of the Beautiful Game.Beautiful gameIt made for a perfect late Sunday evening - the Euro Cup final. Some betted, some kept their fingers and toes crossed with silent prayers for their favourite side. After all, there was much at stake, not just for the clashing teams - Italy and Spain - but also for their frenzied fans the world over", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14587654", "title": "Sheetal Mallar to make screen debut in John\u2019s film", "text": "In an industry where the average debutante can never be older than in her late teens, Sheetal Mallar, selected among the 12 finalists in a 1994 supermodel contest, is all set to make her screen debut opposite John Abraham in Shoojit Sircar's political thriller Jaffna at 38.Not only is Mallar a unique candidate for an acting debut, we hear she had absolutely no interest in a film career. So what led to the change of heart?Sircar, who earlier discovered Yami Gautam of Vicky Donor fame, admits only unusual beauties interest him. \"And I find Sheetal very unusual. I've been wooing her for a part in Jaffna that I feel only she can do. To have convinced her is a big triumph for me. Sheetal was adamant on not doing movies,\" said the director.Asked for details about his film, Sircar simply said John and Sheetal would be serenading the unexpected. \"They don't play Romeo and Juliet for sure,\" he quipped.Meanwhile, a source close to the project revealed, \"Shoojit was adamant that she do the role in Jaffna because it is no run-of-the mill character. What convinced Sheetal was Shoojit's insistence that the role can't be played by anyone else. And he is right. The role is far removed from what lead actresses are generally expected to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14599445", "title": "Scripts are my priority: Hansika Motwani", "text": "Hansika Motwani, who is on a weight loss battle, denied rumors that she's charging a whopping for Kollywod films. The bubbly actress said all those rumors are baseless and that she always prioritizes scripts first and then looks into remuneration. \"I always give importance to scripts first and remuneration is something that comes later\", replied Hansika.From being one of the most sought after actresses in Tamil cinema to getting to romance the biggest stars of Telugu movies on screen, Hansika has done it all. She was recently voted as the dream girl of Kollywood as the apple pie beauty enjoys a dream run in Kollywood. Hansika is currently shooting for 'Vettai Mannan' and 'Vaalu'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14571468", "title": "12 injured in Keshpur Trinamool infighting", "text": "Midnapore: Over a dozens of Trinamool supporters were injured and more than 20 houses were looted after clashes broke out between the warring factions of Trinamool Congress at Keshpur in West Midnapore on Bidhan Chandra Roy's birth anniversary celebrations.Keshpur Trinamool block president Asish Pramanik had organized an event to observe the birth and death anniversary of the former chief minister of the state at Keshpur Bazar near Keshpur police station. Pramanik alleged, in order to spoil his event, the former Trinamool Congress Keshpur block president Chitta Garai attacked those who were on their way to attend the programme.Pramanik said that people were coming from Bulhara, Khejurboni, Mukundapur and Amrakuchi villages. \"Suddenly, they were attacked with bows and arrows. At Bunhara, one Johirul Sheikh received severe injuries. He was taken to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital. Nargis Khatoon,14, from Khejurboni village too was injured,\" said Pramanik. Prasad Dandapat of Dhalhara village was brought to Keshpur hospital after he received splinter injuries. Pramanik alleged that at least 25 houses at Amrakuchi village were looted.However, the former block Trinamool president Chitta Garai said that he was out of Keshpur and unaware of what had happened there. He also denied involvement of any of his supporters in the attack.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said: \"A police team was sent after being informed by some locals. We are probing the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14570460", "title": "FIR against builder for Rs 3cr fraud", "text": "GURGAON: DLF-II police have lodged an FIR against Vijay Dixit, the owner of Senior Builders Ltd, and two others for allegedly cheating D Bhalla, joint secretary in the ministry of agriculture in Delhi, of over Rs 3 crore. \"We have lodged an FIR against Dixit and two others for fraud. Dixit had earlier been booked in a fraud case,\" said an investigator.In his complaint, Bhalla said that in 2010, he had booked four shops in Senior Mall, a complex owned by Dixit, and had paid over Rs 3 crore \u2014 about Rs 80 lakh per shop \u2014 to Dixit.Even after the amount was deposited, Bhalla did not get possession of the shops despite being promised that he would get them within a year, said a police officer.Bhalla alleged that Dixit is neither returning the money nor picking up his phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574960", "title": "25-year-old youth drowns in Bhushi dam", "text": "PUNE: A 25-year-old youth drowned at the Bhushi dam in Lonavla on Sunday afternoon. The Lonavla city police have identified the deceased as Chetan Swami, who hails from Indore in Madhya Pradesh. He worked as helper in an automobile company at Talegaon Dabhade, where he stayed.Keshav Borude, investigating officer of the Lonavla city police, told TOI that on Sunday morning Swami, his sister, her husband and Swami's three friends had come to Lonavla for a picnic. \"Around 1 pm, they were at the Bhushi dam. Swami had entered the dam water to wash his hands,\" Borude said.However, Swami couldn't estimate the depth of the water in the dam and drowned. \"As he did not know how to swim, he screamed for help after he fell into the water. Swami's friends too did not know swimming. They tried their best to rescue Swami from drowning, but failed,\" Borude said.Local residents Raju Pawar and Sahebrao Chavan fished out Swami's body after an hour. He was rushed to the hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival, Borude said.Swami had joined the company in Talegaon Dabhade about a month ago. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard,\" Borude said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "14579781", "title": "It\u2019s official, you can be scared to death", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Although the notion of being scared to death may sound like a myth, it does happen to people and animals, researchers say.For the study, the authors examined this question in detail, Digg reported.According to them, heart attacks go up during times when there are earthquakes, financial catastrophes, and civil unrest. They also go up when soccer games go into overtime and when people see scary movies. They happen to humans, they happen to animals, and they happen without any actual injury to your body.There are a couple of ways that fear and stress can stretch out, rip up, or break a heart. The heart is a set of tubes, surrounded by muscles . One of the most wellknown syndromes, Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy, throws off the balance between those tubes and muscles.The heart's muscles are wired to stay on-rhythm via the nervous system. Stress hormones, called catecholamines , are generally meant to boost muscle fitness, making them work faster. Sudden shocks \u2014 either building emotional terrors or startle reactions , cause stress hormones to pour out, messing with the heart's rhythm, putting more stress on certain parts of the arteries or muscles, or poisoning the muscles entirely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572951", "title": "No clue in kidnapping, murder cases", "text": "PATNA: Even after a week of kidnapping of a second-year NIT Patna student Ravi Kumar and murder of an elderly couple at Sahpur, the police have failed either to recover Ravi or nab the killers of the couple.Ravi, who was living at Deoki Lodge in Rani Ghat locality under Sultanganj police station, went missing on June 23 after he left his house on a motorcycle. Later, a caller contacted the family members on June 25 and a day after, saying that Ravi had taken Rs6 lakh from him and he would release him only after they paid Rs20 lakh. Ravi's father Ramesh Rajak, who is principal of Abhyas Middle School, Madhepura, reached Patna and lodged an FIR with the Sultanganj police station on June 27. Police, later, arrested one Brijmohan Prasad in the case.Sultanganj SHO Mritunjay Prasad said the local police were investigating the case. Meanwhile, police sources said the kidnapper's mobile was traced by tower signals between Hajipur and Patna. The local police are tracking the movement of the cellphone.The Sahpur police also failed to trace the killers of the elderly couple, Ashok Kumar Malviya (65) and his wife Savitri Devi (60), who were murdered in the guest room of their three-storeyed house at Mubarakpur village on June 23 night. Their throats were slit with a sharp-edged weapon. SDPO, Danapur, Sushant Kumar Saroj said it was a blind case. He said the deceased's sons have not accused anyone of the twin murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14576069", "title": "Ponda cops crack 7 theft cases, seize gold worth Rs 13 lakh", "text": "PONDA: Continuing with the investigation of recent broad daylight thefts in Marcela and surrounding areas, Ponda police have cracked seven theft cases and recovered gold worth Rs 13 lakh. The seven thefts include four registered by Ponda police and three at Old Goa police station.Ponda police released a press statement about the recovery late Sunday evening. According to the police, they recovered some more gold ornaments and melted gold during the last several days from the Bijapur-Karnataka based inter-state gang.Ponda police had arrested two members of the gang, Ramzan Kutubuddin Shaikh, 25, and Hussain Bashya Lalsaab, 22, both natives of Hebbal, Basan-Bagewadi, Bijapur in Karnataka on Monday. With the arrests, the police had also recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 4.2 lakh allegedly stolen by them and sold to goldsmiths on Monday. Continuing with the investigation into the case, the police have so far recovered more gold including melted gold, a total of 407.82 g worth Rs 13 lakh until Sunday. The recovered gold ornaments were allegedly stolen from the residences of Madhavi Gaikwad, Jayprakash Fadte (both from Adcolna-Marcel) on March 22 and May 30 respectively; Kalpana Gaude from Godkadevnagar-Kundaim on May 15; Dhirendra Singh from Devlay-Khandola on February 24; Atchut Amonkar from Malawada-Cumbharjua on May 10; Dhaku Gaude from Khadapwada-Cumbharjua on May 19 and from Suresh Ragate of Surchembhat-Cumbharjua on August 8. Police have registered the offence against the accused under Sections 454 (lurking theft during the day) and 380 (theft within dwelling) of the Indian Penal Code.The accused were in custody of Ponda police and Ponda PI Sagar Ekoskar is investigating the case under the supervision of DySP Dinraj Govekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571014", "title": "A day on, six-year-old's body yet to be retrieved from pond", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a six-year-old boy slipped and fell into a pond in Shivdaspura village, the rescue team is yet to fish out the body till Sunday evening.Vishal was playing near the pond by pelting stones into the water while his sister was busy grazing goats, when suddenly he slipped and fell into the pond. The pond is believed to be 25 to 30 feet deep.On Sunday, a team of eight divers of the Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC) also joined the rescue operation. Since the pond is swampy, the disaster management team was pumping out water from it.\"Till 6.30 pm in the evening, 70 percent of the water had been pumped out, the pond still has 10-feet deep water,\" circle inspector Nawab Khan said.Initially the disaster management team thought of taking the help of divers to fish out the body. However, they decided to pump out the water first as it was swampy.\"A dozen of pump sets were put to work to pump out water. The divers would be asked to dive in, when the water in the pond is reduced to a depth of two to three feet,\" an official of the disaster management team said.Apart from pumping water, three JCB machines were being used to clear the mud from the pond where the water was less.\"The pond has a dimension of 40x50 ft. Water has been completely pumped out from some of the parts of the pond. Our men have started scanning for the body in these areas,\" a senior official said.Sources from the team added that it will take another 12 to 15 hours to retrieve the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602780", "title": "I won't be comfortable watching a kissing scene on tv: Sameer Soni", "text": "After many years of struggle in Bollywood, Samir Soni finally found success and foothold in the industry with small screen. He became a household name with Bigg Boss season four over a year back.The middle-aged actor continues to raise a storm on small screen with the daily soap - Parichay, but the actor has never missed being famous. Instead, he says, he has become suspicious of fame. \"I like being successful in whatever I do. Success opens a lot of doors for you and gives you an opportunity of working with the finest people. But fame is over-rated and I don't care much for it. It is like a seductive woman who goes from one table to another, and when she comes to your table, you should not forget that she was on somebody else's table five minutes back and will be on the next in next few minutes. What matters more is recognition, appreciation and and satisfaction from good work,\" says Samir.\"I get out of the house as a normal guy, I transform into a character I have to play, and I go back home. I don't like any trappings of fame because it puts too much of a pressure on you. Success is good, money is important, creative satisfaction, good script, good character, working with good directors is important,\" adds the actor, who is involved in every aspect of the show. \"I take responsibility for my character. I want my character to be consistent and logical. People perceive it to be an intelligent show. We have to draw a balance between drama and what we have promised. We have to constantly do the balancing act,\" explains Samir.But what makes him cringe is doing intimate scenes for small screen. \"It is a medium largely confined to family audience and showing something like that can be tricky. I am not sure if the Indian audience is ready for it. I won't be comfortable watching a kissing scene on television with my parents around. I was uncomfortable watching the love-making scene in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain even as tastefully as it was done. If it was a feature film I would have lauded it but I could be watching television with my 10-year-old neice, 70-year-old mother,\"\" says Samir.He further says, \"\"It is a very intimate medium, it is in your house, in your face, part of your family. It is almost as if a couple is sitting across the room in your hall and kissing. In movies you are alienated, it is larger than life, it is away.\"\"Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14576555", "title": "Radek the best I've played with: Leander Paes", "text": "LONDON: It was fitness, tennis and a bit of football, the Euro 2012 final that pitched Italy against Spain, for the Indians \u2014 Leander Paes , Mahesh Bhupathi , Rohan Boapnna and Sania Mirza \u2014 going into the second week of Wimbledon.\"Middle Sunday is always the same here,\" Sania said. \"Fitness first, an hour or so of tennis, maybe a massage later. You also want to get home early and relax.\"Sania and her partner, American Bethanie Mattek-Sands , get an extra day off because their pre-quarterfinal opponents in women's doubles is yet to be decided . Russians Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova were locked at a set-all against the all-powering Williams sisters \u2014 Venus and Serena \u2014 when bad light stopped play on the outsides courts late on Saturday.All three Indian men will feature in Monday's schedule. While Paes has two matches, doubles and mixed, Bhupathi and Bopanna only have their men's doubles clash to contend with.In the last-16 stage of men's doubles, fourth seeds Paes and Radek Stepanek play Brazil's Marcelo Melo and Croatia's Ivan Dodig. The veteran Indian, who has played with over 90 partners in his 22 years as a professional tennis player, said Stepanek was the best partner he has ever played with.\"I pride myself with having always made a better player of the partner I played with. I find Radek refreshing in that he is a selfless player, and as much as he's trying to make a better player out of me, he's trying to get better himself,\" Paes said, before announcing, \"I have a goal for Radek, to make him the No. 1 doubles player in the world.\"When asked what his goal was, Stepanek replied: \"To listen to Leander.\" The spirited Czech, who married former women's pro Nicole Vaidisova in Prague two summers ago, said Sunday was all about training and preparing. \"At our age, if we don't train every day, we have to stop for ever,\" he said.Seventh seeds Bhupathi and Bopanna will also be seen in action on Monday as they play their second-round match against Russian Mikhail Elgin and Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan . Bhupathi is in London with actress wife Lara, daughter Saira and his parents Krishna and Meera.In mixed doubles, Paes and Russian Elena Vesnina , the fourth seeds, open their campaign against German Mona Barthel and Aussie Ashley Fisher . Bopanna and China's Jie Zheng play their last-16 clash against Italy's sixth seeds Daniele Bracciali and Roberta Vinci .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566284", "title": "Tuberculosis centre counting days", "text": "HYDERABAD: The condition of Dabeerpura government hospital complex where medication is dispensed to patients with tuberculosis symptoms can only be described as 'critical.' The brick walls are chipped at most places even as the exposed iron skeleton of the roof threatens to fall due to constant withering. The unkempt mossy surroundings with stagnant water and wild greenery add to the miserable conditions at the complex which sees more than two hundred people everyday.The complex houses the Ranga Reddy district tuberculosis control office and Dabeerpura TB DOTS (Directly Observed Treatment Short course) centre. Requesting anonymity, an employee at the hospital said that the 60-year-old buildings on the premises have received practically no maintenance in the past. Another staffer expressed doubts over the buildings surviving the monsoon.\"The TB centre is in a very bad condition and may collapse anytime. GHMC officials have also cautioned us about it several times. Barring minor repairs like plugging leakage on roofs, no other repairs or maintenance work has been taken up,\" he said.Interestingly, department of medical education officials are planning on getting the dilapidated TB control centre vacated to establish an in-patient ward for the civil dispensary, which though on the same premises, is cordoned off by a separating wall. \"There are two rooms in a better condition where we can place beds for in-patients. After consultation with experts, we can set up wards in these rooms. We are also expecting some funds within two months to carry out repairs in the DOTS centre,\" said Anantha Reddy, district medical and health officer for Hyderabad district. Sources say that though there are proposals for demolishing the buildings and setting up a new hospital complex with the district collector, plans have to be finalized by the AP Health and Medical Infrastructure Development Corporation.For now, patients visiting the Dabeerpura hospital can only hope the buildings do not cave in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14601670", "title": "Haryana govt was not in favour of relieving whistleblower officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An internal communication of Haryana government, accessed by TOI, has revealed that the state had decided not to relieve the whistleblower IFS officer, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, for Central deputation. However, despite all efforts by the state government, the Centre on Friday relieved the officer, enabling him to join AIIMS, Delhi as deputy secretary on the same day.Chaturvedi's advocate Kuldeep Tiwari claimed that probably it is first time when \"the Central government relieved a victimized officer, totally disregarding the state government.\"In the internal communication, dated June 20, the Haryana government had mentioned \"disciplinary proceedings against him for dereliction of duties with regard to a plantation project in Jhajjar district,\" as a reason for not relieving him.A criminal case, registered against Chaturvedi at Jhajjar police station, was mentioned as another reason.In the letter, an under secretary, on behalf of additional chief secretary of the forest department, had intimated the principal chief conservator of forests, Haryana about the decision of the government.However, according to Tiwari, the Haryana government, while sending the officer's case in 2011, had intimated the Centre that neither any vigilance inquiry nor departmental proceedings were pending against him.About the Jhajjar plantation case, Tiwari said that Chaturvedi himself had exposed the plantation scam in 2009 and 40 officials were suspended and chargesheeted in the matter.Regarding the criminal case, Tiwari said that a case of abetment to suicide against Chaturvedi was reopened just to harass him. Police itself had given him a clean chit in the same case in 2010.On the other hand, state forest minister Captain Ajay Singh Yadav had been stating that the state government was examining pending inquiries against the officer, before relieving him.The IFS officer had exposed various irregularities in the state forest department during 2007-2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14570234", "title": "Split in Nepal Maoists spells trouble for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The breaking away of a significant chunk of Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoists (UCPN-M) is not just a major setback for its leader Prachanda but is also likely to impact the Maoist movement in India. The breakaway group of 45 of the 149 central committee members headed by Mohan Baidya Kiran has already renewed ties with Indian Maoists and much of the planning was also done here, sources said.Intelligence agencies are of the view that the split in Nepal will inject new energy to the Communist Party of India-(Maoist) and revive regular contact between the Maoists in India and Nepal. The relations between the CPI (Maoist) and the party in Nepal had dwindled since 2006, when Maoists joined the government in Kathmandu. Interestingly, Mohan Baidya was the main person who kept in touch with CPI (Maoist). His breaking out of UCPN-M is likely to see a reshaping of the Maoist movement in both countries. Baidya's new party is called the Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist (CPN-M).Before the final split at the Sherpa Sewa Samaj Building in Kathmandu between June 16 and 18, the last meeting of the rebel group was held in Delhi at a Karol Bagh hotel in the second week of April.One of the issues that came up for discussion at the Karol Bagh meeting was whether rebellion would be possible without armed cadres, as the Maoist army had surrendered in Nepal when the party joined the government.But leaders of the breakaway group assured that about \"3,000 armed cadres\" had not surrendered in the last six years and some arms and ammunition had been kept hidden, even as most of the weapons were surrendered. These trained cadre and the arms would come in handy to start a new party, the rebel leaders said. In fact, the coming together of the CPN (Maoist) and the CPI (Maoist) is likely to increase movement of men and arms across the India-Nepal borders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571924", "title": "Counselling for admission in agriculture universities from July 17", "text": "KANPUR: The fresh counselling schedule for UPCATET-2012 has been announced. The students taking part in counselling will get admission in any of the four agriculture universities in the state. The counselling will be held in three phases. For postgraduate and undergraduate courses would commence from July 17 and July 28 respectively. The counselling for PhD courses would commence from August 4. Admissions would start from August 7.The counselling for undergraduate courses will be held upto August 4 and the admission process would start from August 8. The second phase of counselling for undergraduate courses would start from August 11. The admission process will commence from August 16. The third round of counselling will commence from August 20 and the admissions will be taken from August 25.In postgraduate category, the admissions would commence from July 23. The second round of counselling would be conducted from July 26 and third for postgraduate courses will begin from August 3.An official of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that the counselling schedule was decided in a meeting of all agriculture universities in Lucknow last week.The counselling for MBA students, including group discussion, will be held on July 6. For a single seat, three students have been invited. The second round of counselling for MBA would commence from August 13 and admissions would start from August 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chilakapalem (srikakulam)", "code": "14566024", "title": "Nagarjuna Agrichem Limited closed for now, probe ordered", "text": "CHILAKAPALEM (SRIKAKULAM): A day after a blast took place at Nagarjuna Agrichem Limited (NACL) plant which left 18 workers injured, the government on Sunday temporarily closed NACL and ordered an inquiry into the accident.District collector G Venkatramireddy directed the inspector of factories to take steps for closing the factory under the provisions of the Factories Act. He also ordered an inquiry by additional joint collector Rajkumar to look into the circumstances that led to Saturday's mishap. The closure notice would be in force till further orders.Sources said the officials took action after thousands of factory workers, villagers, party workers and environmental groups staged a dharna on the Chennai-Kolkata national highway at Chilakapalem junction close to the plant, demanding the immediate closure of the plant. They protested near the main gate of the plant disrupting traffic for three hours and threatened to intensify the stir if the authorities did not take action against the NACL management. They said the NACL plant was causing depletion of ground water and polluting the environment of nearby villages.People from 12 villages joined the protests and shouted slogans against the factory management. They stopped employees from entering the plant. With the protesters refusing to relent, hundreds of vehicles were stranded on either side of the highway up to 8 km. Traffic was cleared only after police caned the agitators, which injured three protesters. Eventually, the agitators split into three batches and staged protests at Ponduru-Rajam road, Srikakulam highway and Chilakapalem junction.Tension prevailed at the plant site with the agitators refusing to go away, even as police deployed forces in large numbers to prevent any untoward incident. The situation was brought under control only after the Srikakulam RDO assured that the plant would be closed.Meanwhile, doctors at the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences at Srikakulam said that all the injured were out of danger. The factory caught fire after a blast inside the plant, which later spread across the plant. Around 200 workers were present at the plant when the fire broke out. Sources said that 30 employees, who work near the blast spot usually, were away for breakfast at that time. The plant, which was established about 20 years ago manufactures pesticides and agricultural chemicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14574128", "title": "For awareness, KSACS turns to social media", "text": "KOCHI: In its efforts to spread awareness against AIDS, the Kerala State AIDS Control Society (KSACS) is planning to take the message on to social networking sites.KSACS has invited firms to design pages to suit social networking sites which will act as a platform for creating awareness about the health issue as well as to share suggestions to reach out to new target groups.Earlier KSACS was focusing on sex workers, long-distance truck drivers, homosexuals and drug addicts. Now there is shift in target groups. \"With those from upper strata of the society becoming new target groups, we have to change the mode of our awareness campaigns. Social networking sites will be a better platform to interact with the new target groups as most of them are active on such sites,\" said Dr Nitha, joint director, blood safety, KSACS.KSACS wants to focus on safe methods of sexual intercourse.\"Many house boat operators in the state have a list of 20 to 40 women who are willing to offer their 'services'. These women are available at a phone call and are paid well,\" sources in the tourism sector told TOI.KSACS is, however, finding it difficult to reach these target groups. There are also plans to seek the support from other departments, including tourism, police, education and social welfare.KSACS has plans to use voluntary blood donors to fight against AIDS. \"We are trying to promote voluntary blood donation on a large-scale,\"Vijayan said. Organizations such fans associations of actors also will be involved in the blood donation drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14569401", "title": "For these bikers, fun comes with responsibility", "text": "INDORE: Seven young bikers have come together to enjoy the thrills of bike-riding and encourage helmet wearing while driving. Anuraag Saxena, Rameez Khan, Arpit Shrimal, Aman Makhija, Sandeep, Kuttabuddin Kazi and Shashi all coming from different fields to sally forth a bikers club in Indore named \"Malwa Royal Riders\".The group, formed three years ago with the purpose of exploring new places and stressing importance of safe riding on roads promotes helmet wearing with proper riding gear. \"We have done almost twenty major events in three years. We organise these events once in month or if it's a touring trip then the trip extends to three to four days. There are two types of trip we organise; one is touring trip and another is off roading ride\".These bunch of guys got inspired by the bikers club in the metro city, gave a thought to try out something new in Indore. In the beginning, they used to hang around every Sunday and looked for some adventure. \"Our favourite off road trip was at Kunjalpur village, which is few km away from the city, where we have done river crossing, crossed tough terrains with our bikes in the forest, and it was one of a kind of adventure sport for us. Now, many students and people from other profession are also getting influenced with the club, because these days everyone likes to try something which has an element of adventure.\"There are about more than 100 to 200 members in the club, where among them only 25 to 30 members are regular in the activities organised by them. The group has made its own policy for the members that helmet wearing is a must; their Enfield should be registered and insured. No speeding, no stunts and no noise on roads are allowed in the group and one always carries safety gears with them.\"We meet on a weekly or sometimes monthly basis and discuss our thought process on the biking culture along with carrying out various expedition and adventure tours on motorbikes. We predominantly ride almost all models of Royal Enfield motorcycles because we all have a big love for these bikes. Our passion is hyped in this club, as it is a good stress buster. We also get a chance to make new comrades in the club and meet them. One gets a good break from the boredom of life.\"In order to maintain the passion for motorcycles, they have opened gates for all bike lovers who love riding tough terrains and long distance riding. Another similar club holds adventurous activities for all bike lovers. According to Vedansh Soni, a member of another bikers' club, \"Other members of the club and I have travelled to almost all the nearby places like Punasa dam, Nachen More, where we have done off ride biking with our bullets, which has been adventurous. On every alternate Sunday, we move in groups of 30 to 40 bikes, where through our rides we try to educate people on how to maintain traffic a congested road. In future, we plan road trip to Ladakh, where the bikes will be transported to Delhi and from there we'll start off our trip.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14572300", "title": "Tourism corporation offers customised tours for travellers", "text": "CHENNAI: As times change, so has the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation (TTDC). After operating fixed itinerary tours over the years, TTDC is now offering customised travel options to suit preferences of travellers.TTDC launched the new scheme after receiving requests from tourists to operate tours to destinations preferred by them.\"Gone are the days when travellers used to be satisfied with fixed package tours. Tourists these days have a clear idea of the destination they want to visit. We have been receiving requests to operate tours to places preferred by tourists. People who travel in groups often prefer such arrangement because they have specific interests,\" said a senior TTDC official.For a customized tour, TTDC prepares an itinerary, provides a bus with a tour guide and accommodation based on inputs from tourists. Such tours work out cheaper if it involves inter-state travel because TTDC buses are exempted from tax levied by other states. The government-run TTDC also has an edge over private tour operators because it owns hotels or guest houses at affordable rates in most tourist spots in the state.Earlier, foreign travellers used to take such tours. Now, domestic travelers also prefer to go on such custom-made tours.Recently, a group of 35 tourists from Delhi went on an eight-day trip travelling through Madurai, Kanyakumari, Thanjavur, Chidambaram, Puducherry and Mamallapuram before they were dropped off at Nellore.\"They sent us an e-mail, requesting a customised trip and listed the places they wanted to travel. We arranged a coach and prepared an itinerary and sent it back,\" said a TTDC official.\"TTDC receives several such mails daily from tourists in Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka requesting custom-made tours of Tamil Nadu. All interactions are done online,\" the official said.At present, a group of 17 tourists from Malaysia are travelling around Tamil Nadu on one such custom-made tour.Though customised tours have gained attention, TTDC's regular package tours continue to be popular. Encouraged by the favourable response to its Tamil Nadu tours and temple tours, TTDC is now planning to start five new tours by July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14569734", "title": "No possibility of mishap at Bhayander: Western Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway ( WR) officials have clarified that there was no possibility of any mishap between two trains near Bhayander station on June 29. Said an official, It was a normal shunting activity. A few empty coaches were being moved by a locomotive from/to yard as per requirement by shunting. One local was stopped for some time to complete the shunting of these empty coaches. It is a routine exercise which is a part of day-to-day working of the railways. It was a safe movement and there was no possibility of any mishap as reported in the media.\"\"After the collision between two suburban trains near Andheri last month, we do not want any further panic.Since the Bhayander incident was fuelled by several rumours, we want to allay fears and inform our commuters that travelling by our trains is safe and there is nothing to worry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14572759", "title": "Bihar BJP chief equivocal on APJ Abdul Kalam's claims", "text": "PATNA: The take of former President A P J Abdul Kalam that former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee was 'asahaj (uncomfortable)' with his (Kalam's) visit to Gujarat in the wake of communal riots there, notwithstanding, state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur on Sunday took the ambivalent position of a politician on the matter, denying that the former PM was in any way \"uncomfortable\" with Kalam's visit to Gujarat.Dr Thakur, who was Union health minister at the time of the 2002 Gujarat riots, said, \"If communal riots take place in any state and its governor proposes to visit the scene of riots, then the CM of the state concerned will definitely get a little uncomfortable. Yet, I would say that PM Vajpayee was not at all uncomfortable with the visit of Kalam.\"Kalam's forthcoming book 'Turning Points: A Journey Through Challenges' has opened a Pandora's box on quite a few points of critical turn in the country's recent developments that unfolded during his tenure (2002-2007) when anyone at Raisina Hill, political or non-political, would have been called upon to weigh his or her options between reason, conscience and constitutionality to go by independent thinking.The Gujarat riots - besides the issue of inviting Sonia Gandhi to form the government at the Centre in 2004 and dissolution of the Bihar assembly in March 2005, among others - constituted a challenging moment in overall national context for Kalam. Whatever the feeling and thinking of the then PM Vajpayee, Kalam did visit Gujarat that had witnessed most barbaric of the communal riots in the country.Given the context, Dr Thakur tried to bring home the point that Vajpayee, who had asked Gujarat CM Narendra Modi to observe 'rajdharma', was not only 'concerned' about the situation facing the victims of the riots, but also took immediate concrete steps. \"Within three days of the riots, I was asked to rush to Gujarat to take care of the riot victims, since measles had broken out among the victims living in relief camps. The then PM also gave me Rs1 crore from Prime Minister's Relief Fund (PMRF) to meet the health care costs,\" Dr Thakur said.He said there were 46 relief camps - 42 for Muslims and four for Hindus. \"We took care of their health through doctors and rehabilitation work through Red Cross Society. Overall, Rs 3 crore was spent on the twin tasks. The victims returned to their houses happily,\" Dr Thakur said.When asked if Kalam had actually straightened the facts when high-voltage rhetoric was built around Congress president Sonia Gandhi's nationality, coupled with the suggestions that Kalam, in fact, was unwilling to allow her to become the country's PM under pressure of e-mails and messages, Dr Thakur said, \"Personally, I had gone on record saying that foreign nationality issue did not hold water and was not a hindrance once she had become an MP. Yet, he (Kalam) should not have revealed the insider's facts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14575109", "title": "Focus on recovery instead of hiking power tariff: Activists", "text": "PUNE: The hike in electricity charges will exert a financial burden on the common man. The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) should not approve the hike until the MSEDCL recovers the pending bills, said energy experts and civic activists here on Sunday.The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has proposed a hike of 18% in the electricity rates. The Sajag Nagrik Manch, a citizens group, had organised a public meeting regarding the proposal, which was attended by experts and civic activists. The group has also started a signature campaign against the proposed hike. A public hearing about the proposal is scheduled to be held in the city on July 25.\"The company wants to generate around Rs 7,673 crore. Therefore, they have decided to increase the rates. The common people, who pay the bill regularly, will now need to pay more. On the other hands, the MSEDCL is not doing anything to get the money from the defaulters, who have not paid the electricity bills for years together,\" said Vivek Velankar, founder of the manch.He said the company has to recover around Rs 14,226 crore from the defaulters, which include people from all sections and sectors of the society such as farmers, industrialists, political workers and common people. Even many government organisations have not paid their dues. So, efforts are required to get back the money from these people instead of making the common man pay more.Ashwini Chitnis, senior research associate with the Prayas organisation, said the commission should take efforts to make people aware about the hike. \"People hardly get to know how much increase has taken place in the electricity charges. They even don't get to know where the money given by them through electricity bills is utilised. The commission on their own should analysis the inflow of funds and expenditure,\" she said.She said a mechanism should be developed, so that those people who use electricity will have less financial burden of increased electricity rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14580002", "title": "New admission norms for IIT", "text": "The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and the Union government have finally agreed to the new format of IIT entrance examination as suggested by the Joint Admission Board (JAB). The new format of exams will be implemented from 2013.Under the new format of entrance exams for IIT adopted on June 27, aspirants will first have to appear for the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE)-Main . Only the top 1,50,000 students of JEE will then be eligible to take the JEE-Advanced exam. The top-ranked candidates who clear this exam will finally be eligible for around 9,000 seats at the IITs. However, the final selection of candidates will be based on the JEE-Advanced scores, subject to condition that they are in the top 20 percentile in their board exams as well.So, even though class XII board marks won't be added to the JEE-Advanced marks, it would be an eligibility criterion. As of now, students scoring 60% in their board exams are eligible to apply to the IITs.According to RK Shevgaonkar, director, IIT-Delhi , the aim of the new format is to make students perform well in their board exams without neglecting it and not get influenced by the coaching classes offering tutorials for IIT-JEE .However, according to Sanjay Kumar from IIT-JEE coaching institute in Noida , the new format will only add more pressure on students. He says, \"The whole idea of one nation, one exam has actually resulted in three separate exams for students. This means double pressure to first perform well in the board exams and then perform brilliantly again in two JEE exams.\"Kunal Purohit, an IIT aspirant, feels any student who is aiming for a seat in the top institute of the country needs to be intelligent. And any intelligent student won't have to struggle to be in the top 20 percentile. \"As far as the preparation of JEE is concerned, it will be similar to how students prepared for it earlier . The party who will be losing out, will be the coaching institutes that charge heavily for IIT coaching,\" he says.Vineet Joshi, chairman, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on the new format of IIT entrance examinationStudents who aspire for a seat in IIT and prepare for it in advance generally perform well in their board exams. However, there are many students who aim for IIT and neglect their studies . These students don't perform well in board exams and find it hard to even clear the IIT entrance exams. The new format will make such students pay attention to their classroom study, which will eventually help them understand concepts in details. These students will also be able to get a seat in other professional colleges with the help of a good score in board exams Earlier, because board scores were not given any weighting, students paid little attention to classes and this led teachers to lose interest. The new move will help school teachers gain their respect back and help them upgrade themselves regularly Although it's too early to comment whether the coaching institutes will shut down or not, the move will certainly have an impact", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14570957", "title": "Now, govt loosens purse strings for medal winners", "text": "JODHPUR: Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday loosened the purse strings for the state sportspersons who secured the first three positions in any international, national and state level sports event with a view to promote sports activities in the state recognize sports talent.Gehlot announced a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for any sportsperson securing the first place in any international sports discipline followed by Rs 3 lakh and Rs 2 lakh for those securing second and third positions. He made the announcement during the foundation stone lying ceremony of a multi-purpose indoor stadium here at Chainpura, which is part of his constituency. This stadium is proposed to be constructed at a cost of Rs 6.71 crore.The chief minister also announced to increase the cash reward to state sport persons from Rs 25,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh for first position holders in any national event, and from Rs 10,000 to Rs 1 lakh for second position holders and from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50000 for third position holders. Similarly, for the state-level sports tournaments or events, Gehlot increased the cash reward from Rs 10,000 to Rs 1 lakh for the first position, from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000 for second position and from Rs 2,000 to Rs 20,000.Gehlot, in his address, said the increase in the cash reward will motivate the sports persons of the state and called upon all to bring the talents forward so that they can bring laurels for the state. \"Our government has taken multiple steps to create and build a conducive atmosphere for sports in the state, specially in the villages,\" the chief minister said. He further said the government's effort is that not a single talented sport person of the state lags behind just because of the lack infrastructure and facilities. \"Our effort should be to search for talents and hone his or her skills so that he or she can match up to the national standard and bring fame to the state,\" Gehlot said.Highlighting his government's efforts, Gehlot added, \"We have announced to construct a synthetic track at the SMS Stadium at a cost of Rs 5 crore and the states' first sports university at Jhunjhunu besides a football academy in Jodhpur, a basketball academy in Jaisalmer, kabaddi academy in Karauli and a sports academy in Udaipur at a cost of Rs 5 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "14595602", "title": "UN designates Western Ghats as world heritage site", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India's 1600-km long Western Ghats mountain chain, which has forests older than the Himalaya mountains, has been added to list of world heritage sites by the United Nations.The Western Ghats mountain chain is recognised as one of the world's eight \"hottest hotspots\" of biological diversity. The chain's forests, which are older than the Himalaya mountains influence the Indian monsoon weather pattern.The ghats, which start at the border of Gujarat and Maharashtra and runs through the states of Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala ending at Kanyakumari, was added to the World Heritage list by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco).A historic opera house in Germany, a border town and its fortifications in Portugal, and 18 interconnected lakes in Chad are some other sites that have been added to the list.The Margravial Opera House Bayreuth in Germany, which was built in the 18th century, is considered a masterpiece of Baroque theatre architecture. It is the only entirely preserved example of its type where an audience of 500 can experience Baroque court opera culture and acoustics authentically, as its auditorium retains its original materials.The border town of Elvas and its fortifications in Portugal, was also added to the list, as the site represents the largest bulwarked dry ditch system in the world. While Elvas contains remains dating back to the 10th century, its fortification began when Portugal regained independence in 1640.The World Heritage Committee meets once a year, and is responsible for the implementation of the Unesco World Heritage Convention, which defines the kind of natural or cultural sites which can be considered for inscription on the World Heritage List.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566715", "title": "Fire near Assembly gives VIPs a scare", "text": "HYDERABAD: Minutes after Presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee winded up his campaign and left Jubilee Hall in Public Gardens on Sunday morning, a fire broke out in the AC plant of the heritage building. Although over 250 Congress legislators \u2014 MPs, MLAs, MLCs, state ministers \u2014 were present at the venue at the time, none of them was injured in the fire which completely damaged the AC duct.The fire accident, although a minor one, has exposed the poor fire safety arrangements at the high-security premises. The Assembly is just a stone's throw away from the heritage building.At around 12 noon, five minutes following Mukherjee and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's exit from the premises, the fire broke out in the AC plant atop the kitchen chamber in the building's penthouse.A fire-tender was on standby at the venue but, according to eyewitnesses, fire-fighting operations started only 15 minutes after the smoke was first detected. The blaze, incidentally, was doused by the housekeeping and kitchen staff of Jubilee Hall even before fire personnel could get to grips with the emergency.\"A short-circuit in the AC duct might have triggered the fire. The flames were doused within 30 minutes,\" Hyderabad district fire officer K Kareemuddin told TOI. The structure where the state's most prominent political and social gatherings are held does not conform to fire safety norms as prescribed by the fire department.Other than hand-held fire extinguishers, the building does not have basic equipment like smoke detectors, hose reel, water sprinkler or an overhead water tank.Fire officials had put the fire-tender from Gowliguda on standby at 9am in view of the high-profile gathering. Although the fire was dealt with easily enough, the fire department dispatched five fire engines, including a snorkel from Secunderabad, to the site given the high-profile nature of the gathering.The legislators, however, did not panic as the fire occurred two blocks away from where they were. Sources blamed the fire department for not carrying out routine and thorough safety checks at the premises. \"Before a VIP visit, the safety of the venue has to be checked by the fire department. In this case, electrical equipment was not checked properly,\" an MLA said.Legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu dismissed it as a minor incident. \"There is no question of sabotage. Everyone left the venue safely,\" he told the media.According to sources, the building, a heritage structure under the care of the state archaeology department, has not seen any renovation work in decades.Meanwhile, general administration department (GAD) officials said they would conduct an inquiry into the incident.\"We will conduct an inquiry into the incident and submit a report soon. Already, a special secretary has visited the spot to look into the matter. We will take measures to prevent any such mishaps in the future,\" principal secretary, GAD, Ajay Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14593870", "title": "Power crisis in Haryana as demand rises due to delayed monsoon", "text": "ROHTAK: The scorching heat coupled with delayed monsoon has led sharp increase in demand for electricity in domestic sector as well as in agriculture sector for paddy plantation and irrigation of other kharif crops in Haryana.The Haryana power official though rising demand for electricity has resulted in short supply at many places but efforts are being made to meet the unexpectedly increased demand by purchasing power from different sources.Though the power cuts are being imposed in both rural and urban areas, power supply to the rural areas have reduced to only a couple of hours in many parts.The people in rural areas have also resorted to road blockades and locking of power stations at many places in last some days.Amit Kumar Agrawal, Managing Director, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam however maintained that the power utilities were fully prepared to meet the demand that would have been in normal circumstances.\"The utilities made all out efforts to meet the unexpectedly increased demand also by purchasing power from different sources and they are giving record power supply in terms of quantity despite of constraints in power generating projects. We are trying to purchase more power from the grid as well as other sources to meet the increased demand of electricity in the State,\" he said.The MD said that the Haryana Power Utilities supplied all time high 1419.63 lakh units of power on June 24 in the State which is about 110 lakh units more than the power supplied on the corresponding day of last year. On June 25, 2011, the utilities supplied 1309.99 lakh units of power. The last record of one day power supply was that of 1403.5 lakh units, supplied on July 20, 2011. The one day's highest demand was to the tune of 1528.33 lakh units on June 28, 2012 against 1127.45 lakh units on the corresponding day of last year, he said.The transmission and distribution system in the state took record 6535 MW maximum load on June 27, 2012 against previous record of 6443 MW load on the system on July 21, 2011.The Utilities supplied all time high average 1250 lakh units of power daily in the State during the month of June, 2012 against the daily average of 1037 lakh units supplied during the corresponding month of last year. The utilities supplied average 1031.50 lakh units of electricity a day during the month of May, 2012 against the average daily supply of 955.07 lakh units during the corresponding month of last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14565962", "title": "June rain deficit at 31%, monsoon in crucial phase", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monsoon entered its second month carrying a big rain deficit of 31%, as on July 1, with Met officials still hopeful of good rains in July and August. The next few weeks are crucial as the monsoon's performance in this period could dictate whether the government would need to respond with special measures.India Meteorological Department officials, who till last week were confident that the monsoon would pick up and end the month with a deficiency of only around 15%, said a recovery is expected within days as favourable conditions develop in both Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal.The monsoon line, currently passing through Veraval, Malegaon, Jabalpur, Varanasi and Gorakhpur, has not moved for around a week.\"We are expecting a recovery within this week. By July 4-5, monsoon rain should reach more parts of affect UP and some parts of northwest India,\" said an Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) official. While June accounts for 18% of the season's rainfall, the official said it was difficult to say whether rains in July and August would make up for the deficit, especially since September may likely see depressed rains.Rains have been deficient over 83% of the country, including the granary states of northwest India which is reeling under a severe heat wave. By July 1, the country received just 119.3mm rain against the normal of 172mm since the onset of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14588241", "title": "Women lawyers must observe dress code: Court directive", "text": "THANE: Women advocates across Thane district will have to adhere to the dress code comprising a white band and a black gown while on professional duty in courts, according to directives issued by chief of the district civil and sessions court.Justice K K Sonawne issued a notification on June 25 seeking cooperation from associations of practising lawyers in various courts.He pointed out that the civil manual rules makes it mandatory for women advocates to observe a dress code when inside the court. On February 2012, a notification to this effect was issued to all courts and advocates association in Thane district. However, unsatisfactory compliance of the notification prompted justice Sonawne to issue a gentle reminder to all concerned.Keeping in mind the high dignity and discipline of the courts, women advocates must be in their legal attire in the courtroom, he said in his one-page note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14586580", "title": "Service tax trouble for Salman, Akshay, Shah Rukh?", "text": "Now that actors have to pay a service tax of 12.36 per cent here's what the highest earners are likely to cough upThe government's decision to levy a 12.36 per cent service tax on the crores the actors (film as well as television) rake in has put the film fraternity in a bind. A senior producer, on request of anonymity revealed that many actors have already informed their respective producers that they shall not abide by the rule that has been implemented from July 1, 2012. At least, they will not pay the tax from their present earnings.Vice President of AMTPP (Association of Motion Picture &amp; TV Programme Producers) and senior producer Mukesh Bhatt opined, \"This government is anti-film industry. The taxes levied on us are comparable to the alcohol and tobacco industries. Only few weeks ago, the Copyright Amendment Act came into effect. And now this...\"His sentiments were echoed by T P Agarwal, President of IMPPA (Indian Motion Pictures Producers' Association), who said, \"We are definitely approaching the Finance Ministry to look into this. Baap re, it's a big burden on the producers. Just not fair.\"Many are of the opinion that the actors are now going to ask the producers to bear the tax burden. Said Tanuj Garg, CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures, \"It will simply add to the cost of filmmaking. Definitely not a viable commercial proposition.\"Trade analyst Amod Mehra feels that the implementation of service tax will lead to generation of unaccounted earnings. A source from the trade (on request of anonymity) said, \"When corporate entities started filmmaking, everything was on paper. But now with this decision, the actors would scale down their remuneration on paper but increase their share in the film's profit.\"But even if the stars had to pay the service tax as decreed, here's what the top guns would have to pay:The Tax Files (All figures in approx.)Actors Acting Fee Service Tax Salman Khan27 cr3.37crAkshay Kumar25cr3.09crShah Rukh20cr2.47crAamir Khan20cr2.47crHrithik Roshan20cr2.47crAjay Devgn15cr1.85crRanbir Kapoor10cr1.24cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14587785", "title": "Aadhar numbers to be used for social pensions, MGNREGA wages", "text": "AGARTALA: Union minister Jairam Ramesh has said 'Aadhaar' numbers, the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of India, would be used to provide different social pensions, MGNREGA wages to workers and scholarships to students.\"The Aadhaar-enabled applications would be utilised immediately in some selected 50 districts of the country, where the enrolment covered over 70 per cent,\" the rural development minister told reporters here last night.Over 20 crore people in the country were enrolled under the Unique Identification scheme and more than 40 crore people would be enrolled under the same scheme within 18 months, he added.Tripura secured the first position in implementation of UIDAI project and covered more than 90 per cent of the population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602572", "title": "Chinese cuisine's B-Town fans", "text": "Indians have made Chinese cuisine there own, and it probably is the most popular foreign cuisine found across India, in all sorts of eateries - round-the-corner stalls, restaurants and fine dining at five stars. A host of Bollywood celebrities rate it as their favourite cuisine. Actor Ajay Devgn is known to frequent at Sampan, Novotel Mumbai's Chinese restaurant. However, if there's one area where the Chinese cuisine hasn't made inroads is, it's desserts. And that's probably because the concept of desserts doesn't exist in case of Chinese cuisine. Experts say that as the cuisine offers heavy food, the Chinese prefer to pair it with tea and prefer fruits after a meal instead of sweets. However, as the discerning Indian palate loves the sweet splash, we asked some other celebs who love their Chinese what kind of desserts to do they go for after their meal.Dipannita Sharma AtwalThough I usually don't pair my Chinese meals with a dessert, I like to end the fare with a typical Chinese fried ice cream once in a while. Otherwise I stick to a piece of chocolate or an ice cream.Chandan Roy SanyalI love the Chinese cuisine, but desserts isn't my thing. I might just have a chocolate eclair or my favourite Bengali sweet Kheer Kadambo.Shibani KashyapIf ever I am having either or all of these, Kimchi Salad, Steamed Momos, Chicken Schezwan with Hakka Noodles, I like to end my fare with Fortune Cookies and Chinese Jasmine Tea. And I love Dar Saan too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14589584", "title": "Death shakes up Mughal Road Rally", "text": "SRINAGAR: A driver was killed and his navigator critically injured during the last leg of the Mughal Road rally when their vehicle rolled into a deep gorge at Simthan in Anantnag district, officials said on Monday.Jitender Singh lost control of his vehicle near Simthan last evening while on return leg of the Mughal Road Rally, the officials said.They said while Singh died on the spot, his navigator Ashish Mahajan was critically injured.Mahajan was shifted to SKIMS hospital where he has been put in the ICU. The condition of Mahajan has shown no signs of improvement since Sunday night, the doctors attending on him said.The Mughal Road rally was flagged off from on Saturday and is scheduled to be flagged in later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14569089", "title": "MLC polls in Mumbai today", "text": "MUMBAI: Biennial elections to the Maharashtra Legislative Council (MLC) from the graduates' and teachers' constituencies in Mumbai will be held on Monday.The teachers' constituency will witness a fight between MLC Kapil Patil and BJP rebel Manisha Kayande, while the graduates' constituency will see Shiv Sena MLC Deepak Sawant, independent candidate Rajesh Teke, and MNS's Dilip Chitre in a tight contest.A tough battle is on the cards for the Konkan graduates' constituency, which will also go to polls on Monday. NCP's Niranjan Davkhare is pitted against BJP MLC Sanjay Kelkar. The presence of an NCP rebel candidate, Nilesh Chavan, has made the battle even more interesting. The Nashik constituency will also witness polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570712", "title": "42 of 83 missing children traced: Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police on Sunday claimed that of the 83 children missing from the city, 42 have been traced. However, the claim seems to be more linked to mathematics than actually tracing missing children.In reality, the city police have been instrumental in getting only four children back home. The rest of the children had either returned home on their own or had been tracked down already.The official data given out by the city police on Sunday said \u2014 there were 83 children missing in 2012. The missing children's list includes 28 children in the category of less than 14 years and 55 were of the 15 to 18 years of age.When the large number of missing children created a furore among the denizens, causing much embarrassment to the city police, crime branch officials were assigned the task to track down these children and bring them back home.Police officials visited all 83 chidrens' households to start probing the circumstances in which they went missing.During investigations the cops learnt that in nine of the cases, the parents had separated owing to marital discord and the children were found to be staying with their mothers. Of the remaining, in 23 cases the children had returned home after some time. Family members of these children had however failed to intimate the police about their return. This caused the official records to show these children in the missing persons' list. Then there are nine girls who, though less than 18 years of age, had eloped with their boyfriends and got married too.The four who were actually traced by crime branch officials include the case of a 17 year old girl who went missing six months back from home in Anandnagar. The girl was traced by cops to Juna Vadaj where she was staying with her boyfriend whom she had already married.In Kagdapith police station a missing persons' report was registered in connection three children. Police investigations revealed that owing to marital discord their mother had left home. \"The woman left her husband without intimating him. We found that the woman stays in another home at Kagdapith and her three children are also staying with her,\" said a crime branch official.Joint police commissioner, AK Sharma, said, \"This exercise was aimed at updating the missing childrens' records. During this verification we found that many children have already returned home. However, this deduction of 42 from the total list of 83 has been a big achievement for us and a relief for the people. Since the large number of missing children on record was causing much tension among guardians. We are going to continue with our efforts to trace the remaining 41 missing children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568965", "title": "Tempo driver knocks down cop, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dahisar police arrested a 35-year-old tempo driver for knocking down a constable on Saturday.The constable, Balkrishna Dawre, sustained leg injuries in the accident and is recuperating in a hospital. Dawre is attached to the Borivli traffic chowkie and lives in Dahisar (E).He was managing traffic at Rawalpada in Dahisar on Saturday and was trying to stop the tempo when its driver, Madhav Dahibhate, lost control of the vehicle and knocked him down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598060", "title": "Ayushmann, Kunal Roy Kapoor in Rohan Sippy's next film", "text": "Actors Ayushmann Khurrana and Kunal Roy Kapoor will team up for Rohan Sippy's untitled comedy film in which Abhishek Bachchan will do a cameo.The untitled venture will bring together Ayushmann of Vicky Donor fame and Kunal Roy Kapoor who became popular with Delhi Belly. The film is a buddy-comedy.\"I realised that Kunal has great potential as an actor and that's why we got him onboard. Ayushmann and Kunal are new age actors who have definite connect with today's audience,\" filmmaker Rohan Sippy said in a statement here.Sippy, who last directed Dum Maro Dum, is geared up to commence shooting of the film from this month.For the first time Rohan would not have Abhishek Bachchan as the lead face for his film unlike his previous directorial ventures like Bluffmaster, Kuch Naa Kaho and Dum Maro Dum.Abhishek had loved the script but has other work commitments and so he will be appearing in a cameo role, Sippy said.\"He is my good luck charm. He is doing a cameo role. We are trying to shoot before he starts shooting for his upcoming action film,\" Rohan said.The film will be presented by T-Seires and Ramesh Sippy Entertainment Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574956", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation fails to give away cycles, sewing machines to needy", "text": "PUNE: Around 1,500 cycles, meant for girl students of municipal schools and 1,000 sewing machines for needy women are lying undistributed with the stores department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.Both items were purchased last year and were to be distributed as part of the women and child welfare schemes for 2009-10. A total of 4,243 cycles were purchased at a cost of Rs 40 lakh and . Similarly, a total of 9,040 sewing machines were purchased at a cost of Rs 2.86 crore.PCMC had appealed to those allotted cycles and sewing machines to take them before May 30, but the response has been poor. Sahebrao Gaikwad, assistant commissioner and in charge of women and child welfare department, PCMC, said the scheme to distribute cycles to the students is to boost attendance in schools.\"The girls and boys are from Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribes and Nomadic Tribes categories, who secure more than 50% marks in a year. Students studying between standard VIII and XII are eligible for getting the benefits. Other girl students not belonging to these categories studying in the same classes and securing more than 50% marks, are also given cycles. Those who get it once do not get it a second time.\"Sewing machines are given to women for self-employment. \"Women above 16 years of age with a three- month tailoring or garment making course are eligible.\"Applications for cycles and sewing machines were invited between June and August 2011, scrutinized and beneficiaries selected and purchases made by the stores department.Gaikwad said they had sent the beneficiaries' letters via post asking them to take the allotted sewing machines and cycles from the department's office. \"We found that 1,000 women had not taken their allotted machines and 1,500 students their cycles. We sent reminder letters again by post to take their allotted items before May 30 or forfeit their claim.\"People may have changed their homes, hence did not get the allotment or reminder letters, he added. \"We will wait for them till we start distribution for the beneficiaries of 2010-11,\" he said.Manav Kamble, president of the Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, a group working on citizens' rights in Pimpri-Chinchwad said corporators must ensure that the citizens know about welfare schemes. They must also take care that the needy get the benefits of these schemes which lose value when not received on time.Bharati Pharande, chairperson, women and child welfare committee, PCMC, said, \"We have instructed the civic officials to complete the distribution of the cycles and sewing machines at the earliest. Later, the process of seeking applications from residents for these schemes for 2010-11 and 2011-12 will be invited after which the purchases will be made and distributed.Vijaya Sutar, former chairperson of the women &amp; child welfare department, PCMC, said: \"These beneficiaries of the sewing machine and cycle distribution schemes are for the poor, so the civic body should distribute them every year on time. Many women take sewing machines on rent and operate them to earn a living. The people in my ward ask me when they will get the machines and cycles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571850", "title": "Indian pitta sighted in Kanpur zoo after 25 years", "text": "KANPUR: Indian pitta, a rare bird, found in the dense forests in the country, was sighted in Kanpur zoo after a gap of 25 years. The bird lovers visiting the zoo sighted this colourful bird two days back. It had disappeared from the city because of the vanishing forest cover. Two pairs of the bird were captured in lenses by an ornithologist.Kanpur zoo director Praveen Rao said: \"Indian pitta is a stub-tailed thrush-like bird. The upper parts of its body are green, abdomen crimson and black patches from beak to neck covering the eye. Head has a dark black running from forehead to neck. It is found in forests and searches for food in marshy areas.\"On finding dense forest-like conditions in Kanpur zoo, Indian pitta might have stopped here on its way further. These are four in number and can be sighted here in Kanpur zoo.\"We have reports that Indian pitta was last sighted in Jim Corbett and Kanha National Park. It is after a long time that this bird has come to Kanpur and I hope it stays back here,\" he said.The period from May to August is considered to be nesting time for Indian pitta. Its local migration appears to be controlled by south west monsoon. The bird is found all over the country from Himalayas to deep down south.Praveen Chopra, a bird lover, said that he had not seen Indian pitta in the last 25 years in the city. He claimed that this beautiful, multi-coloured bird was sighted after a long gap.\"There is no record when was Indian pitta bird last seen in Kanpur. Its presence means that there are traces of forest in the city. It is not a common bird and its sighting is a wonderful instance,\" Chopra added.Indian pitta is the 256th kind of bird spotted in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14571910", "title": "\u2018India will miss 2015 millennium development goals\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will fail to achieve some of the most important Millennium Development Goal (MDG) targets like reduction in maternal and child deaths, and increase in child immunization rates by 2015.The World Health Organization (WHO) has for the first time aired its views that India will miss its targets, some by a big margin.Dr Nata Menabde, country representative of the WHO, told TOI, \"The MDG targets will expire in 2015 and not all goals will be achieved by India.\"WHO admits that India has been effectively reducing its infant and maternal mortality figures, thanks largely to National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). But experts say the pace hasn't been satisfactory enough, especially when it comes to infant and maternal deaths.One of the MDG goals is to reduce under-five mortality rate to 42 per 1,000 live births by 2015. India will reach 52 by that year missing the target by 10 percentage points.The national level estimate of infant mortality rate is likely to be 44 against the MDG target of 27 in 2015. Some of the largest states like Madhya Pradesh (62), Odisha (61), Uttar Pradesh (61), Assam (58), Meghalaya (55), Rajasthan (55), Chhattisgarh (51), Bihar (48) and Haryana (48) still have IMR above the national estimates.The national level measure of the proportion of one-year old (12-23 months) children immunized against measles has registered an increase from 42.2% (1992-93) to 74.1% (2009).India is, however, expected to cover about 89% children in the age group 12-23 months for immunization against measles by 2015 \u2014 short of universal immunization of one-year olds against measles by about 11 percentage points.India will reach maternal mortality rate (MMR) of 139 per 100,000 live births by 2015, falling short by 30 percentage points.Dr Menabde said the global health watchdogs are looking at how to achieve the set targets post 2015. She said the rollout of the Universal Health Coverage (UHC) programme, entitling essential primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare services guaranteed by the Central government to all citizens, will help India achieve its unfinished MDG targets only after 2015. Nearly 50 countries have attained universal or near-universal coverage. Escalating healthcare costs, inadequate public spending, and weak healthcare delivery systems in low and middle income countries have been barriers to UHC.Dr Menabde, however, said it will take at least 10 years for India to reach the goal of UHC that will greatly help cut down on \"catastrophic spending from out of pocket\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14578263", "title": "Qaida plot to bomb US jet during Olympics?", "text": "LONDON: Al-Qaida is plotting to blow up an American airliner in the run-up to this month's London Olympics and has trained a Norwegian Muslim convert in an attempt to evade airport security, a media report said on Sunday.Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has trained the Norwegian convert and is understood to have also selected a target, believed to be a US passenger jet, The Sunday Times quoted intelligence sources as saying. \"The Norwegian recruit goes under the name of Muslim Abu Abdurrahman. He is understood to be in his thirties and a 'clean skin' , with no previous criminal record,\" it said.\"He converted in 2008 and quickly became radicalized. He later travelled to Yemen , where he has spent several months, to complete his training,\" the paper said.The plot confirms fears among US and British intelligence agencies that al-Qaida is seeking to recruit radicalised westerners in an attempt to evade airport security, it said. The Norwegian was believed to have been in the southeastern town of Azzan, the longtime home of AQAP, until last month. He then moved to Dammaj, a town in the north.The new plot is the terror group's fourth to be detected since 2009, when AQAP sent a Nigerian-born British student on a plane with an underpants bomb. The bomb failed to detonate over Detroit and the man was arrested and jailed. In 2010, it sent two bombs hidden in printer cartridges on cargo planes destined for Chicago . They were intercepted and defused in Dubai and Britain. Two months ago, a third plot was averted when a British undercover agent, who had infiltrated AQAP, volunteered to be a suicide bomber. He smuggled out the latest version of the sophisticated underpants bomb to US authorities.\"There is terrorist plotting going on irrespective of the Olympics (from July 27 to August 12). The only thing that connects this to the Olympics is the fact that they are about to happen,\" said a Whitehall official.The intelligence officials said the latest plot should be seen in the context of al-Qaida's continuing ambitions to blow up American planes.AQAP has no history of targeting Britain . However, that did not mean British citizens were not at risk.\"If you are blowing up aeroplanes you are likely to be killing Brits or having a big impact on the European or British economy. (So it) would in effect be an attack against Britain,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566983", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan\u2019s private secretary under I-T scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major development, Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's private secretary Harish Singh has come under the income tax (I-T) department scanner after its officials \"stumbled upon\" some vital documents, including the ones related to property, during the ongoing investigations against two influential businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma and their associates.\"The taxmen have got some papers showing that chief minister's private secretary possessed a duplex house at posh Saket Nagar, 2,100 sq ft land at Rohit Nagar in Bawadia Kalan and 1,400 sq ft land at another prime location in the state capital,\" sources privy to the I-T said.Value of Harish Singh's property estimated at Rs 40 lakhIn what can be termed as a major fallout of the ongoing crackdown on the two prominent businessmen, the documents showed that Singh bought the land between 2006 and 2009, the period during which Suryavanshi's business flourished. During this period, the CM's private secretary had declared his annual income between Rs 1.5 and Rs 2 lakh, they said.The present cost of these immovable properties was estimated over Rs 40 lakh, sources said.This comes at a time when the opposition Congress had mounted attack on the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government seeking an explanation from the latter over the BJP leader's alleged proximity with the businessmen, whose premises were raided by the I-T sleuths. Congress has been demanding that BJP leaders should speak out on the matter and the opposition party has also announced to launch a series of agitations across the state.A top I-T department official neither confirmed nor denied that its officers had stumbled upon the documents related to the properties of chief minister's private secretary saying, \"I can't comment on the issue. It won't be proper for me to talk about this matter.\"Efforts to contact Harish Singh for his comments failed as his mobile phone was switched off.The raids and investigations have so far unearthed huge unaccounted wealth to the tunes of over Rs 500 crore allegedly accumulated by contractor-turned-billionaire Suryavanshi and teacher-turned-mining baron Sharma after the BJP came to power in MP in December 2003. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14572701", "title": "Nothing off limits for consumer courts, say experts", "text": "Mumbai: For a 74-year-old professor from Borivli, almost getting crushed under a defective cupboard was the last straw in a long drawn out struggle against a cheating local furniture store. What followed was a self-fought consumer forum battle where he emerged victorious.Even as last year saw the highest payout given by a consumer court-Rs 1.73 crore in a medical negligence case-the bigger victory for consumers, say experts, is that nothing is off-limits for consumer courts. From the humble sari to the home tutor, from a botched-up boob job to developers not handing over flats on time, consumers have made manufacturers and service providers pay for every possible mistake.Legal experts say that an increase in awareness has propelled consumers to exhibit less tolerance towards deficiency in service and unfair trade practices.A senior consumer rights activist says, \"Indians are generally a tolerant lot. But increasingly, people with purchasing power have been expressing their intolerance towards shoddy services and substandard products.\"On April 18, 2010, Mangesh Janbotkar had purchased the faulty cupboard from Mahalakshmi Furniture, located at Borivli (E), for Rs 6,500. In March the forum ordered the shop to pay Rs 3,000 as compensation to him. Even though the compensation amount was meagre and Janbotkar had hoped to recover the cost of the furniture, he still expressed joy at the victory. \"My intention was to make shopkeepers understand that consumers have got rights and we deserve to get defect-free products.\"In another case a consumer forum ordered Mahanagar Gas Ltd to pay Rs 11,500 as compensation to the son of a woman who had sought a piped gas connection in 2001, but died in 2003 before the connection could reach her home. The company will now have to give a refund of Rs 6,500 to the son with interest and costs. Bandra-based Sudhir Gudal (42), an engineer who pursued the case for ten years, echoed Janbotkar's sentiments. \"It is matter of principle more than money. I decided to fight the case only because an organization like Mahanagar Gas cannot take a consumer for a ride and make them run around for such an amount,\" he said. Gudal, who engaged a lawyer, had sought exemplary damages from the forum for his own case with the intention of giving the money to a consumer NGO. \"The money would have been given to those who don't have the financial strength to fight to for smaller amounts.\"Referring to such cases where the compensation amount sought may be small, advocate Uday Wavikar says, \"It is a question of attitude. Consumers don't care if it is a question of a rupee or one crore. It is a question of principle and justice more than money and they fight for fair play. Due to this the scope of the act has also become vast over the last 20 years.\"Earlier this year a district forum ordered a shop in Kalbadevi, Rashi Sarees, to pay Rs 5,500 compensation to a man for shoddy embroidery work done on two saris he had ordered in 2009. The shop was ordered to refund Chembur-based Vinod Nagda the Rs 2,500 he paid as advance. Like Janbotkar, Nagda too fought the case without a lawyer. \"The amount was very small and there was no point engaging a lawyer. I had to take time off from work to pursue the case but it was worth it,\" he said.For Janbotkar the struggle hasn't ended. Currently he is working towards recovering the money from the shop. Holding a copy of the Consumer Protection Act, he referred to section 25 (3). Under this section a person entitled to the amount may make an application to the forum which will then issue a certificate for the amount to the Collector. The Collector will then proceed to recover the amount in the same manner as arrears of land revenue.Undeterred by the struggle and looking at it as a positive experience, complainants are now doing their bit for the cause. While Janbotkar has promised to extend help to other such litigants who would want to fight complaints on their own, Gudal, who owns an insurance brokerage firm, is now developing something on the lines of a legal aid cell along with his associates. \"This will be for those people involved in insurance-related cases who need the financial strength to fight against large institutions. We will also provide them with technical knowledge as in many cases they do not understand the terminology used when their claims are rejected,\" he added.Besides such cases, there are also instances where the bone of contention might arise out of the most unusual circumstances. In November 2011, the forum passed an order in a case where a budding actress had filed a medical negligence case for a breast implant gone awry. The forum dismissed her case, reasoning that her pet dog might have been responsible for the damage that occurred after the enhancement surgery and that the woman had failed to establish allegations of negligence against the doctors and the nursing. Such cases have widened the scope of the Consumer Protection Act. Noted lawyer Anand Patwardhan opines \"Anything under the sun today comes under the forum today. Consumers want value for money and spreading awareness will affect manufacturing of products. This will also raise our standard of life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14575477", "title": "Traffic rules in industrial areas eased", "text": "NASHIK: To sort out traffic problems in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) in the city, the police department has allowed unloaded containers of industries to travel out of the city at any time of the day or night.Traffic jams have become common concerns these days in industrial estates in the city. Large containers come to industrial estates daily in large numbers and many of them are parked by the roadside. This causes traffic jams on the roads in Satpur and Ambad MIDC. There exist certain restrictions on the movement of containers out of the city at specific times in the day and night. But this issue was sorted out after a joint meeting of representatives of industry bodies, transporting contractors and police officials.Present at the meet were DCP Sunil Phulari, senior police inspector of Satpur police station K R Popare, president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele, president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Suresh Mali and transport contractors.Bele said, \"Traffic planning is necessary in both Satpur and Ambad MIDC. There are frequent traffic jams on the roads in industrial estates due to large containers parked by the roadside. A meeting on the issue was also conducted earlier, but no action was taken by the police administration in this connection at that time.\"DCP Sunil Phulari said that the containers loaded in the industries in the MIDC areas will be allowed to move out of the city at any time of the day or night. Moreover, gate passes with a record of the time and date should be given to the containers by the industries once they are loaded on the industry premises. Besides, the containers must be parked out of the city and the company officials must call containers only when they have to load their goods or materials in the containers. Each industry must also make parking arrangement for the containers at its premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14574196", "title": "Elavanchery model to help secure government jobs", "text": "KOCHI: When Kerala became the first state in the country to achieve 100% literacy in 1990, a group of youngsters in Elavanchery, a small village in Palakkad district, got together to celebrate the occasion.For the foursome, who were instructors in the total literacy movement, it was not an end of the mission, but the beginning of a new mission. Having identified unemployment as a major challenge facing the state, the group decided to set up a PSC coaching centre in the village.They first enrolled themselves for coaching, and all four secured government jobs within two years. They soon volunteered to train the unemployed youth in their area in an informal way, and over two decades helped about 1,000 people secure jobs in various government departments.In 2010, Science Centre, a charitable trust was formed to run the coaching centre, which also moved to a new building from the DM UP School in Elavanchery. \"When we collected the details of those who studied in the centre so far, we found that over 1,000 candidates had received placements. in various government departments.In the police department, there are many who have been trained at the centre and are jokingly called the Elavumkode platoon!\" said K Aravindakshan, president, Science Centre.For the youth of Elavanchery, the centre was a way out from being fodder for endless rallies and agitations by political parties. The village now has at least one member from each house securely employed in the government service. The centre also got its own building last month.\"Now, we have three batches - a regular daily batch from 10am to 4pm, the holiday batch who are trained once a week, and the evening batch. While the regular and holiday batches have a strength of 200 and 300 respectively, there are 70 students in our evening batch which is only for men,\" Aravindakshan said.Other than the youth, Even home makers have enrolled at the centre, which teaches the value of social commitment. \"Young housewives who have little to do after sending their wards to school have joinedthe centre and joined the government. The centre tries to inculcate moral values also,'' said local and Nenmara MLA Chenthamarakshan said.After the news of the successful centre spread, people from other taluks like Chittoor and Alathoor have enrolled for coaching, and the group has now grown to 15 volunteers. \"With the number of students growing, we bought 20 cents of land at a cost of around 15 lakh in 2010, mainly with contributions from earning members of the group,\" he said.MLA Chenthamarakshan allotted Rs 15 lakh from his local area development scheme for constructing a building for the centre in 2010-11. Taking a cue from the centre, several organisations in the area including caste-based ones have started PSC coaching centres.At their last meeting, the trustees decided to diversify the activities of the centre. \"We are planning to start entrance coaching for deserving students, focus more on research and research for use in daily life,'' Aravindakshan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14577817", "title": "No house tax for another 6 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In news that might bring relief to many city residents, the formalities over imposing the house tax on residential properties and revision of tax rates of commercial properties will take at least another four to six months or even more.Chandigarh administration may have sent many reminders, it now needs to issue a notice of communication to the MC before it intervenes and forces the civic body to take the bitter pill. Officials of UT say since the Fourth Delhi Finance Commission has now directly intervened and started discussing the issues with MC over financial matters and funds, the grants will be released as per their guidelines and laid down parameters.K K Sharma, advisor to UT administrator, while taking to TOI cleared that they are not going to intervene into the matter right now. \"We are hopeful that MC will itself take positive note on the issue and impose the house tax as per the guidelines for the betterment of the city. We will soon send them another communication in this regard. It's purely MC's job to take initiative in this regard,\" Sharma said.And what happens if MC doesn't take initiative? Sharma added, \"We are hopeful that things will be done and if nothing is done then we will have to decide further course of action.\"Another senior officer in the finance department of UT said, \"Since Fourth Delhi Finance Commission has started intervening, MC's share will be prescribed as per department's works and expenditure. The staff expenditure for new departments, primary education and primary health which have been given to MC, are still being borne by UT.\"With the financial position of MC deteriorating, the civic body had to sign an MoU with government of India to impose house tax to get grants for developmental works. Thus, the pressure to impose tax is even greater now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14588149", "title": "Ravi Teja, Pawan Kalyan on the sets of CGTR", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's new movie \"Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu\" has many visitors in the last few days. The film, which is currently undergoing shooting at Saradhi Studios in Hyderabad, has many surprise guests including hero Ravi Teja , directors Harish Shankar, Gopichand Malineni, Meher Ramesh, writer Kona Venkat, etc sharing lighter moments with Pawan Kalyan and Puri Jagannath.All the stars who thronged the sets greeted Pawan and Puri, spent some quality time with them and wished them good luck for their film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593444", "title": "Think before you drink: Satyamev Jayate", "text": "Nothing is more precious than life itself. But how many people understand that? How often have we consumed alcohol casually and chosen to drive after that? Are we responsible when we drink?This is why the 11th episode of Satyamev Jayate was much needed. Aamir Khan chose to introduce the theme of alcoholism on his show to highlight the ills and effects of it. Alcohol consumed irresponsibly affects not only those who consume, but also innocent people who become victim to it. Vijay Simha, who works at a senior post with Tehelka, narrated his journey into the world of despair and madness driven by a sheer addiction to alcohol. Vijay's story was heart wrenching as he cut off from his family and most people, lost his job and finally made it to the streets of Delhi for a period of 9 months.Similar was the story of Laxman who abused his body with alcohol for forty years, to an extent where he spent Rs 40 lacks: half on medical treatment for his liver and half on alcohol consumption. But it was Alcoholics Anonymous which saved both Vijay and Laxman. An organization that keeps the identity of people anonymous, it also helps rides them off the addiction through therapy and classes. Both Vijay and Laxman have been free of alcohol for more than 10 years.Next up on the show was Dr Ashish Deshpande, a psychiatrist from Mumbai who clarified that alcoholism is a disease, caused by a problem in the genes. The alcoholic receptors in our body increase every time we drink alcohol. But we also need to treat the disease and cannot afford to be careless and leave it to blaming. Famous lyricist Javed Akhtar also made his appearance as a guest on the show. Akhtar himself had been a victim to alcohol for 27 years and he blatantly confessed that all the mistakes he made were under its influence. He discouraged youngsters from drinking alcohol simply because it looks glamorous. Further adding that people can be seen in only three ways when they consume alcohol: hateful, donkeys or as both.Sumir Anand from New Delhi broke down on the show while narrating the tragic incident of his 15 year old son, Curran Anand. Curran along with two of his friends died in a terrible car accident because the person driving them was seeking revenge from a friend and chose to speed off with the other three boys in the car. Under the heavy influence of alcohol, he killed all three but remained untouched by injury himself. And shockingly, he was out on bail the very next day!Mr Anand raised a question on the drinking laws of the country. In most cases involving car accidents, 98% of the accused are set free and don't go to jail. Vivek Benegal from NIMHANS revealed that 1 out of every 20 persons in the country is an alcoholic. Also, every second person in the country indulges in hazardous drinking. That adds up to a total of 50% of our population. Quite scary!So how much is too much? Dr Benegal shared that upto 2 pegs (30ml each) is normal for consumption. And not more than four pegs of alcohol should be consumed. But Indians consume anywhere between 5-6 pegs. A research done by WHO ( World Health Organization ) showed that amongst the many countries where research was conducted, in India alone, (Bangalore) 25% of patients who visited hospitals had injured themselves because of alcohol and 35% of patients had been injured by drunk people.Aamir's team also interviewed doctors from across the country who revealed that in India cases of road accidents were very high (especially the state of Goa). So how can we put a stop to it? In many states across the nation, through the intervention of the panchayat , alcohol shops can be banned and this is legally authorized by the government of India. Changal village in Punjab sets an example for all to follow by self imposing the prohibition of alcohol in that village.Also Aamir's question to the country was an important one. Should the law against drunken driving be made more stringent and should stronger action be taken against those who drink and drive? Says Aamir on the show \"Alcohol is like fire. It all depends on how you treat it. Does alcohol control you or do you control it?\" A pat on the shoulder to Aamir and his team.As conscientious citizens, we need to answer these questions. Because life is the most precious treasure. And no one has the right to misuse or abuse it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14571422", "title": "Cops injured after attack by villagers", "text": "Malda: Mothabari turned a battleground on Saturday night when cops raided the village following allegations of a sex racket being run in one of the houses there. Sources said six policemen were injured after some villagers allegedly attacked them.Twenty-one villagers have been arrested and the male folks of the village have fled. when villagers attacked policemen last night. 6 policemen were injured and 21 villagers were arrested. Police raid is on and the male folks have fled from village.According to locals, there was complaint against a village woman, who was allegedly running a sex racket in her house. tnn\"Maya Mandal, wife of Ghuran Mandal, who was away with his work, used to entertain guests in her house regularly.This raised the question on her integrity by some of the villagers.A month back, a kangaroo court was held in the village on this. But Maya and her sister never turned up. Since then, they had earned the villagers' wrath,\" sources said.On Saturday evening, a villager Krishna Mandal reportedly abused Maya while she was standing near her house. \"This infuriated Maya, who attacked the youth. After this, hundreds of villagers turned violent and attacked Maya's house. Her house was ransacked and she, along with her sister and daughter, were attacked. Police were informed and a team led by ASI Giyasuddin Ahmed from Mothabari outpost reached the spot,\" sources said adding that while the police were busy protecting Maya and her family, villagers demanded her arrest. But police refused to do so as there was no complaint against her. \"The villagers suddenly attacked the policemen after this. They pelted stones at the force injuring 6 policemen, who were later sent to Malda district hospital,\" said sources.Maya alleged that some village youths were abusing her daughter. \"Some drunk youths always tease my daughter. After I protested, the entire village went against me,\" she said.they Her protest against this turned the villagers against her.A huge force from Malda reached the village and arrested 21 villagers, including six women. They were produced in the court on Sunday morning and sent to jail custody for 14 days. SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We have filed two cases - one for attacking the policemen and another for ransacking Maya Mandal's house. The situation is under control now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14574531", "title": "Directory on Malabar just a click away", "text": "KOZHIKODE: From next week tracking the contact number and other details of a medico or a teacher or even a daily wage worker will now be just a click away. A tech-savvy group from Malabar has developed a website 'Malabar Dictionary' to provide information on health, education and industry sectors in Malabar.The website provides information on people and places from Kasaragod to Palakkad. Cultural heritage of Malabar along with stages of industrial development are also included in the site.Apart from a list of educational institutions and hospitals in Kasaragod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Palakkad, the website will also give information about charitable organizations and blood donors.While private hospitals and other institutions that operate for profit will have to pay a registration fee of Rs 200 a year to post their details on the website, information on charitable organizations, blood donors and government institution will be published online free of cost, said Rineesh K Narayanan, managing director of the website.A call centre will also start functioning to help the institutions to register their address and phone number and to help the public access the required data. Any person who visits the site can easily access the information without registering their names or paying any fees, said Rineesh.\"We will charge a nominal registration fee from private institutions so as to maintain the web site and to run the call centre,\" said Rineesh. Matrimonial, real estate and other classified advertisements can also be published on the web at a reasonable rate.The website www.malabardictionary.com will be inaugurated the next week and interested persons can register their name and phone number by contacting 914200221 or 0495-2720154. Registration can be made by sending emails to register@malabardictionary.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14571991", "title": "NSG to pull out 900 men from VIP duty for terror operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in many years, the country's elite counter-terror force NSG has decided to pull out its over 900 commandos rendering VIP security duties and put them to perform specialist counter-terror and counter-hijack operations.The 'black cat' commandos of the National Security Guard (NSG) are segregated into five units, two Special Action Groups (SAGs) manned by officers and jawans from the Army and three SRGs (Special Rangers Groups) comprising personnel from paramilitary forces.While each of the two SAGs (51 and 52) are tasked for counter-terror and counter-hijack operations, respectively, the SRGs (11,12 and 13) render logistical support to the SAGs during operations and are deployed for guarding high-risk VIPs/VVIPs.Each unit has about 900 personnel. According to the new blueprint prepared by the commando force under its last director general Rajan K Medhekar, the 11 SRG will be taken out from its present task and converted into a regular SAG-like unit for undertaking specific counter-terror operations. The new NSG chief Subhash Joshi has put his officers on the job.Sources privy to the development said the contingency force, with 15 VIPs/VVIPs under its security cover at present, has the lowest number of protectees after many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14601382", "title": "Pune civic school to get a facelift", "text": "PUNE: Pune Municipal Corporation-run Late Anusaya Khilare school in Erandwane will soon get a facelift. The school building is in bad shape due to a leaking roof and other infrastructure deficiencies.\"The school's problems have been pending for long. The roof is in a bad condition and is currently covered with plastic,\" said Manjushree Khardekar, a member of the civic school education board.She said that officers concerned and corporators of the area visited the school recently. Following the visit, they decided that renovation works should be started at the school as soon as possible, so that students don't suffer during the monsoon. They also decided to allot funds for the works. A short tender for these works will be issued shortly.Corporator Anil Rane has proposed that a new building be constructed on the premises. School education member Ram Borkar said that along with the funds from the civic body, local residents and businessmen have also offered financial help to the school. \"The funds will be utilised for building toilets for students, a borewell, drainage lines and other infrastructure will be developed in the school,\" he said.A visit to Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay school in the area was also organised. The repairs and completion of pending works in the school is also on cards. The electrification works, installations of blackboards in the class rooms, tree pruning and cleaning of building has been carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573647", "title": "Fisherman drowns in Totladoh waters as foresters fire to prevent poaching", "text": "NAGPUR: A fisherman drowned in the backwaters of Totladoh dam at Khamarpani on Saturday evening when he tried to evade capture by a patrol team of Madhya Pradesh forest department moving in a boat.Baban Banote and his younger brother Vinod had plunged into the water after their canoe was hit by the patrol boat of the forest department. Baban was lost in the water while his younger brother Vinod was arrested. Many other fishermen also managed to escape. Some of the fishermen, including the Banote brothers, had sustained injuries after the forest guards fired at them with their 12-bore shotguns.Fishing activity, though banned by project authorities of both Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh, is common by local fishermen in the Totladoh lake, who consider it their right. The question of fishing has been a matter of controversy for the last one decade or so. While government authorities are empowered by court order to enforce the ban, activists are still fighting for the rights of the displaced fishermen as per provisions of the Forest Rights Act.While the question of legality of fishing is still being debated between the government authorities and rights activists, there are regular skirmishes between the forest guards and fishermen. Earlier this year, around 16 fishermen had sustained pellet injuries after forest guards fired at them from 12-bore shotguns. Also, in the past, there have been allegations that fishermen stole a firearm belonging to a jawan of State Reserve Police Force.It is learnt that more than a dozen boats with fishermen from New Totladoh colony had left to fish in the dam. The boats had strayed into Madhya Pradesh territory. A patrolling boat of MP forest department started chasing the fishermen's boats.The Banotes' canoe, which also had two others, was the closed to the forest department boat. The forest guards allegedly rammed their boat into the canoe. The four fishermen, including the Banote brothers, tried to escape by jumping into the water and swimming away. Two managed to swim to safety, but not the Banotes. It is learnt that Vinod too was injured after the forest guards struck him on the head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14565828", "title": "State government sees Chhindwara under IAP scheme as \u2018gift-horse\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: When it comes to getting funds from the Centre, the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh banks on the idiom \"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth\".This is what happened when Union minister for urban development Kamal Nath lobbied for including his constituency Chhindwara district for special grant meant for Maoist affected districts this month. The BJP government in the state said it was welcome and it does not matter where the funds come from as long as it was for development of the state.As Kamal Nath lobbied to include Chhindwara for special grant under the integrated action plan (IAP), his Cabinet colleague and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh shot a letter seeking the rationale behind changing norms for covering such a district where there has been no Naxalite activity.Although Chhindwara district did not figure in the demand for inclusion under IAP, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government remained silent, neither favouring Kamal Nath's proposal nor opposing it. However, the state continued to press for inclusion of Singrauli, which, of late, is emerging as a power hub with a string of power plants coming up in the area, and because of the increased Naxalite activities in the forest areas in the recent past.\"Why should we be ungrateful when we receive a gift that too, when it is for the development of a backward district like Chhindwara?\", asked a government spokesman. He said there was no point in getting into the controversy whether the state had sought inclusion of Chhindwara or not.Balaghat, bordering neighbouring Chhattisgarh, is the lone district which has been classified as left wing extremism (LWE) affected. Later, with the state government efforts, Anuppur, Balaghat, Dindori, Mandla, Seoni, Shahdol and Umaria were also covered under IAP. Now, Singrauli has also been covered under the action plan for receiving a special grant for integrated development.State chief secretary R Parasuram told TOI \"Even if there has been no violence in these districts, Maoists usually frequent these areas from bordering places\". He said the government approach was to deal with left wing extremism in a holistic manner, in the areas of security, development, rights of local communities, administration and public perception\u2014much before Maoists gain ground in these backward regions.Meanwhile, sources close to Kamal Nath said, \"There is nothing unusual in including Chhindwara in the IAP as the district fulfilled all the conditions laid down by the Planning Commission, including 25% tribal population and 30% forest cover so as to get it covered under grant for backward regions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14569711", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to follow suit, to plant over 50K saplings this year", "text": "GURGAON: Its failure in planting one lakh saplings last year has not deterred the MCG from claiming that it would plant another three lakh plants this monsoon. Calling it 'Mission Green Gurgaon', the MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, said that they are hopeful of achieving the target this time around.According to Rajpal, while the MCG will plant around 50,000 saplings, the rest will be undertaken by departments like HUDA. \"Out of the 50,000, we will plant about 20,000 in the Aravali Biodiversity Park and around the same number in other MCG areas. In the meeting, I had a word with the HUDA administrator, and he said that his department will plant around two lakh plants in its jurisdiction,\" said Rajpal. | However, senior officials admitted that the MCG could hardly plant half the number of plants it intended to last monsoon. \"We could not do so due to various reasons. But this year we are certain to achieve the target as we have already given the task of digging the pits to an agency. This will help us in expediting the process. The forest department will also assist us,\" said an official.Apart from HUDA that will plant over two lakh plants, the forest department will plant around 10,000 plants, while the tourism department will plant some of them at the Dhanchiri Camp adjacent to the Delhi-Gurgaon 32-lane toll plaza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14594459", "title": "Konkan Railway bags 'Turnaround Trophy'", "text": "MANGALORE: Konkan Railway has added another feather to its cap by bagging the 'Turnaround Trophy' from the department of public enterprises, ministry of heavy industries recently.Konkan Railway was an engineering marvel built on BOT (Build, Operate and Transfer) principle. The project, commenced in the 1990 and completed in 1998 with a cost of Rs 3,555 crore, serves the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa and Kerala and has brought about radical social and economical changes.Though the project underwent cost and time overruns, it had Operational Surplus from 1998 itself. Due to its heavy financial burden the Konkan Railway Corporation was listed as Sick &amp; Loss Making PSU.However, with meticulous business strategy, proper control over expenditure despite of implementing 6th Pay Commission Pay Scales to its employees, Konkan Railway emerged out to be a profit making organization for the first time in its history in the year 2009-10, under the leadership of Bhanu Prakash Tayal who took over the charge of the post of MD, KRCL in September 2009.The 'Turnaround Trophy' was received by BP Tayal from Nitish Sengupta, former secretary to Government of India and now the chairman of board for Reconstruction of Public Sector Enterprises (BRPSE) at New Delhi recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14570905", "title": "Rajasthan University's 'semester system' fails to deliver", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University's initiative of starting the 'semester system' for PG departments has failed to deliver desired results as the system has completed a year. The ineffectiveness of the system can be attributed to improper management of time and staff crunch.Under the system, student attrition rates shot up as high as 15% and many left the session in between. Students are struggling with problems like incomplete course as the faculty crunch is nearly 50%.For Instance, in the department of sociology nearly 35% students failed to appear in first semester exam. Explaining the problem, Rajiv Gupta, head of department, Sociology, said, \"No doubt, the system will prove to be successful in the long run but in its maiden year students and teachers have failed to warm up to it.\"RU has a total of 900 sanctioned posts of teachers as against the actual strength of 380. Teachers called it the biggest bottleneck in the way of the system's success.The semester system has not only proved a burden for students, but the teaching staff also feels overloaded with the work due to closely spaced internal and external exams.Earlier exam time and session used to kick off on the prescribed time, but semester system has made students to linger on and they keep juggling with the time.Students find it difficult to appear for the examinations twice a year and hold the university responsible for not completing the syllabi on time. On the other hand, it is a Herculean task for the faculty to complete the course within the prescribed time.A professor requesting anonymity said, \"Earlier we had to teach only four subjects a year, but due to this semester scheme the course work has doubled, whereas the time is short. Due to faculty crunch, many departments are suffering and teachers fail to do justice to students.\"Shelly Gupta of History department said.\" There is a faculty crunch in our department. Syllabus is not completed till the exams start\".Another student from Anthropology department said, \"In our prescribed syllabi many teachers have not been appointed, our department has inadequate staff. Teachers at the same time have to teach in the constituent colleges also, so they hardly find time to complete our course.\"Students are also blaming the teachers for getting question paper out of sallybus due to which they fail to secure good marks as they used to earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566286", "title": "Muslim family remarries widowed daughter-in-law", "text": "BHOPAL: This could remind one of the 2006 Bollywood film, 'Baabul' where a wealthy businessman Balraj Kapoor (played by Amitabh Bachchan ) and his wife Shobhna (performed by Hema Malini ) get their widowed daughter-in-law Malvika (played by Rani Mukherjee) remarried after their son's demise.In the congested New Anand Nagar area in Jabalpur city, 320 km from here, `Baabul' transformed to real life when an elderly Muslim couple Mohammad Anwar Ahmed Khan and his wife Mumtaz Begum got their 25-year-old widowed daughter-in-law Suraiyya remarried so she could be happy again.The 'nikaah' was conducted according to Islamic laws and attended by Mohammad Anwar's family, Suraiyya's parents while a massive `baarat' accompanied the groom Javed Iqbal. ``The marriage was on Thursday but the reception for 1200 guests was hosted by us on Saturday evening,'' said Haji Asrar Ahmad Khan, brother of Mohammad Anwar Ahmed Khan.\"After my son died in a road accident, I saw my daughter-in-law as a daughter. We decided she was to live like one of my own daughters. Suraiyya was married to my son Azmat Khan six years ago and we were like any other happy family,'' recalled mother-in-law Mumtaz Begum.\"But we lost our son in a road accident two years ago. He was crushed to death by a dumper truck. The incident left Suraiyya shattered and heart-broken. We couldn't bear to see that girl live the life of a widow. She looked after us like a daughter. Then it crossed our mind what if anything untoward happened to us? Where will this girl go and widowed at such a young age, how will she like through her life?''Father-in-law Mohammad Anwar Ahmad Khan is a retired school teacher who argued that if Suraiyya was his daughter, he would have gotten her remarried no matter what the rules said. ``But here I got a lot of support as there is a provision in the Islamic laws for widow remarriage,'' he recalled. ``Suraiyya wasn't agreeing to marry after Azmat's death as she was still emotionally attached to the past.'' Mohammad Anwar approached with the proposal of her remarriage to Javed Iqbal, a resident of Nagrath Chowk area. Iqbal's father Dost Mohammad is a family friend. Suraiyya's father Nizammuddin was asked to make her agree to the remarriage. \"We believe it was the Almighty's will that we came across such a suitable family,'' Haji Asrar Ahmad Khan told TOI. The `nikaah' was complete in four hours. Then we threw a grand reception in the city's Sadbhavna Bhavan where the dinner menu consisted of the traditional biryani, chicken and a whole range of sweets. The wedding was as grand as any first wedding, we did not do anything low-key because we sincerely want Suraiyya to find happiness again.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571613", "title": "Anna Library auditorium turns into marriage hall", "text": "CHENNAI: The auditorium at Anna Centenary Library, which the AIADMK-led government proposes to convert into a children's hospital, is now being turned into a venue for receptions and parties.On Sunday, at Asia's largest library, instead of the sober white and grey entrance with a board reading 'Anna Centenary Library', the pillars were decorated in purple and white and bore a message from a family welcoming guests. The state information department had rented out the venue for the first time for a wedding reception.As per a government order, the building, constructed to mark former chief minister C N Annadurai's 100th birth anniversary as a centre for arts and culture, is only allowed to host educational seminars and conferences or events that promote arts, literature and culture. The 1,280-seat auditorium built by the previous DMK government in 2010 even hosted a function where US secretary of state Hillary Clinton spoke.Information and public relations officer P Murugesan justified the decision to rent out the library for a wedding, \"It is not the main ceremony of the marriage,\" he told TOI. \"Receptions are cultural events.\" He said the function would fetch the library a revenue of Rs 2 lakh.The move may not have unduly disturbed users of the library, which is visited by more than 1,300 people every day, but it did put them out. Guests at the wedding reception had taken up most of the parking space at the library. The PRO said nearly 700 cars can be parked across the library. Obviously this would encroach on the parking space of library users.A dining area was set up in the 700-vehicle parking space behind the multi-storey library. In violation of a government order that states that eatables are not allowed in the library premises, dozens of cooks were making fresh hot aloo tikkis, vegetarian kababs and hot dosas while women were cutting vegetables and manning large cooking utensils. The PRO claimed only heating would be allowed and stoves would not be lit, but dishes were being cooked right near the dining area.The backyard of the library was littered with paper cups and plates and cooks lounged on diwans there.The nine-storey library built at a cost of Rs 172 crore, has been at the centre of controversy for nearly a year after the AIADMK government announced its decision to convert the building into a multi-specialty hospital for children. A days later, the Madras high court issued a stay order on the decision on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed against the move.\"There is no parking space here,\" a watchman said. \"Take a U-turn and enter through the other gate as a guest and you may get some place to park.\"Two young students of chartered accountancy were also not allowed to park their car at the library. \"This is crazy! I am a student and this library was built for people like us,\" said Nishanth, one of the students. \"Why should I enter a private function?\"Hundreds of Chennaiites who have been organising initiatives to protect the centre of learning, said they were horrified to hear that the library auditorium was being used for a wedding reception. \"It is a place of education. A marriage party is a recreational and commercial activity. This is an attempt to strip the building of its dignity and significance,\" said R Prabhakaran, an advocate who filed the PIL.The auditorium can be rented for just Rs 2 lakh for 24 hours, though the government order states that the sum is to use the hall for only 12 hours.(Some names changed to protect identity.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "goodwood", "code": "14597915", "title": "Karun Chandhok returns to petrol head paradise", "text": "GOODWOOD: Indian racing star Karun Chandhok returned to the Goodwood Festival of Speed, the annual hill-climb event featuring historic motor racing vehicles from over 100 years of worldwide motor racing history, including many of the latest F1 machines.The festival pays homage to the most significant and salient cars in the history of international motor sport, with entry by personal invitation only by the organizer, Lord March. Earlier this year Chandhok became the first Indian to compete the iconic Le Mans 24hrs when he finished in an impressive 6th position.The event, which is held on the grounds of Goodwood House, is owned by Lord March and attracts crowds of over 200,000 people each year. This year Chandhok had the opportunity to drive the Silk Cut Jaguar XJR12, winner of the prestigious 1990 Le Mans 24 hours event.Last year Chandhok drove the Team Lotus T127 (this year Team Caterham), which the team ran in the 2010 World Championship, and the previous year Karun had the opportunity to drive Keke Rosberg's 1982 championship winning Williams.Aside from the machines, the event attracts a host of names from the past and present of motor racing, offering a rare chance to see world-famous names driving a wide range of classic and modern cars. Present drivers at the Goodwood Festival of Speed included reigning F1 World Champion Sebastian Vettel , his teammate Mark Webber , McLaren drivers Lewis Hamilton &amp; Jenson Button , Nico Rosberg and Heikki Kovalainen . Past racers included 4-time World Champion Alain Prost, Sir Jackie Stewart , Damon Hill , Stirling Moss and 5-time Le Mans 24hrs winner Derek Bell .Karun Chandhok was happy to be back at his favourite summer haunt. \"This is definitely one of my favourite events of the summer as I love coming here year after year. Everyone knows I love the history of the sport and the Goodwood Festival of Speed is a great opportunity for fans to get up close and personal with stars and cars. It was great to drive the 1990 winning Silk Cut Jaguar XJR12 and compare it to my 2012 JRM HPD ARX-03a. Lord March puts on a great show on his gardens and the 200,000 people here this weekend will undoubtedly go home very happy. The red arrows and typhoon fighter jets have added to the spectacle too! The Tag Heuer Alain Prost collection this year is absolutely stunning with some of his greatest cars. He was my childhood hero and it's amazing to see the tribute to him. It was also a great chance for me to catch up again with other F1 folk like Webber, Jenson, Lewis and Seb.\"From current Formula 1 racers and 200mph supercars to steam-powered carriages of the 19th Century, and from 3000bhp top fuel dragsters to classic rally cars, the Goodwood Festival of Speed attracts the heroic and the evocative from every era in an exuberant display of style, sound, smell and colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571528", "title": "Prolonged summer forces schools to remain closed till July 8", "text": "JAIPUR: As the mercury continues to soar and the monsoon not hitting the state anytime soon, the district administration on Sunday announced that all school, government and private, will remain closed till July 8.The decision was taken after the Met department said that the monsoon will enter the state only by July 10.Most schools which were reopening on Monday after summer vacations will now start classes from July 9.District collector Navin Mahajan said, \"We have extended the vacations due to the intense heat. The directive is valid for both government and private city.\"On Sunday, Jaipur recorded a maximum temperature of 43.5 degrees Celsius, nearly eight degrees above normal. The morning temperature too was unusually high for July at 28.7 degrees.This was one of the hottest July 1 witnessed by Jaipur in the past 10 years, the Met department said. The average maximum temperature for the city during this time is 34 degrees.The district administration has warned the schools of strict action if found violating the order.Other districts too reeled under intense heat conditions. Churu remained the hottest in the state with the maximum temperature touching 46 degrees.The Met attributed the rise in mercury and delay in monsoon to upper air cyclonic circulation. It further ruled out any immediate respite from the heat wave conditions.In Jaipur, roads wore a deserted look despite it being a holiday. Most preferred to cool their heels at home rather than venturing out.Kota and Jhalawar witnessed mild to moderate showers on Sunday, an indication that monsoon may be about to enter state.Maximum temperaturesChuru 46.0Sriganganagar 45.8Vanasthali 45.0Bikaner 44.0Kota 43.6Jaipur 43.5Jaisalmer 43.3Pilani 43.1Barmer 42.3Ajmer 42.3Jodhpur 41.6Chittorgarh 41.1Udaipur 38.0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14572483", "title": "Day 2 of common admission process goes off smoothly", "text": "NAGPUR: Day two of the Common Admission Process (CAP) went off smoothly with merit ranks up to 1,200 being covered, informed assistant director of education PP Nikas. The process for bifocal admissions will continue till July 8 and seats at top colleges are already full.The cutoffs this year have risen drastically and one of the reasons is said to be the high scores of CBSE students. Rushabh Patel, a student, said, \"It is tough to secure seat in top colleges because sports and NCC marks are also being added, which has lead to many students scoring 100% as well because of which there is high competition. CBSE students have fared better this time because of the change in their exam pattern and definitely have an edge over state board students.\"Ravi Sheware, a parent, said, \"A large number of students have scored above 90%, which has lead to tough competition and there is a lot of disappointment among students. Even a difference of half a per cent means a student will loose out on a seat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14568835", "title": "Special cell to ensure medicos don't skip rural stint", "text": "MUMBAI: The state public health department has decided to set up a dedicated cell to ensure that medicos who complete their education from state-run or civic hospitals do not skip the mandatory rural stint in government hospitals and public health centres.Under the rules, it is mandatory for all MBBS and post-graduate doctors to serve a minimum one-year stint in government healthcare facilities, hospitals and public health centers. Despite the provision, most medicos continue to opt out. To discourage this, the state introduced another rider:Non-complying students have to pay a bond amount (Rs 10 lakh for MBBS students, Rs 50 lakh for PG students and Rs 2 crore for super-specialty students).However, students managed to use loopholes in the system to skip the stint without paying the bond amount. Identifying the lack of single authority to monitor the implementation as one such loophole, public health minister Suresh Shetty said that a decision to set up a dedicated cell for this activity has now been taken.\"The special cell will be headed by a deputy director-level official from the directorate of health services,\" said public health minister Suresh Shetty.He has also proposed to create 2,060 new supernumerary posts to be filled up with fresh graduates and PGs.Besides making the doctors observe their stint, Shetty said that the new posts will also allow the government to upgrade services in rural PHCs, and even run them 24X7.The proposal's file, which was damaged in the Mantralaya fire, has been reconstructed and is with the deputy CM's office. A file on a master plan for public hospitals was also destroyed in the fire. The file, which was lying in the CM's office, is being reconstructed.Ajit Pawar's office currently. A budgetary provision of Rs 120 crore will have to be set aside to allow creation of the new posts. While the department has conveyed that it could divert Rs 40 crore from its existing allocation, it has sought supplementary provision in the budget for the remaining amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593873", "title": "Where is the party tonight?", "text": "Kritika Kamra, the pretty actress of Kuch Toh Log Kahenge fame loves partying and hanging out with friends late night after about 12 to14 arduous hours of shoot each day.Mumbai life brought about a refreshing change in her lifestyle especially the nightlife and the freedom the city offers as compared to Delhi where she hails from. But with the police crackdown on clubs, pubs and lounge bars the nightlife of Kritika and many other television celebrities' have come to an abrupt end.\"I don't like monotonous life of going to studio and then back home. My friends from Delhi would come over and we would have a blast but all of a sudden our night life has crumbled. We can't go to clubs or lounge bars very late in the night, and then there is a restriction on number of people entering a bar. There is no place to chill. Most of the places are shut. Even regular eating joints these days are shut early where we would have pav bhaji, juice...,\" laments Kritika.Talking about celebrities, the crackdown on clubs has hit television actors the most as their shoot schedule (particularly of those doing a daily soap) doesn't permit them to get free anywhere before10pm to 11pm, and they shoot almost everyday with just about two to three days break in a month. \"I pack up around 10-30 and 11 pm and then I would like to go out with friends and colleagues. But half the places are shut. Even if I find some place, I am scared because I can't go to every table and check if somebody is carrying drugs. What if I am made a scape-goat? As it is celebrities are a vulnerable lot, it is very easy to book us,\" says Karan Wahi, a television actor, who was recently shooed away by cops when he was having an ice cream outside a chemist shop past midnight. \"I felt like having an ice-cream and I managed to find it only at a chemist's shop. While I was having it and chatting with a friend, I was told to leave the place immediately, and when I counter questioned I was threatened that I will be taken to the police station,\" narrates the actor. \"Those who want to do drugs or anything unlawful will do it anywhere, why only night clubs? Let them get hold of drug peddlars. Criminals won't be hanging out in pubs for sure,\"\" asserts Karan.The actors say, that they are left with the option of having only house parties which is also busted at times mostly for the lack of liquor permit. \"We are scared of going to even five star joints as they might harass us for liquor licence. I even fear hanging out with more than one woman...healthy friendships might be misconstrued for something else,\" says Karan Oberoi. \"I get worried when I am with my wife and her friends. They might book me for being a pimp or something,\" adds Vivan Bhatena.Says Kritika, \"Since I am a woman I am extra careful. What if I am framed after which I will have to queue up with several others for blood test late in the night in shooting clothes. My parents would panic if such an incident happens. Even organizing regular birthday parties have become difficult, we have to organize liquor permit. I can understand rules for driving. Even house parties are busted. Where do we go? What is okay, what is fine by the law?\" Manish Paul confirms, \"Many of my friends have become very conscious of the party invites they get these days.\" \"These days people prefer going to lounge bars and restro bars for fine dining and not restaurants, and these are the places most likely to be raided. But these are shut early and they are not allowed to play music. Celebs have stopped coming even for my club promotion parties,\" says Aman Nagpal, DJ and event manager.Television celebrities are so fed up of their lifestyle being curbed that some of them wouldn't mind breaking the rules and taking some action. \"It will soon backfire, it is a matter of time. We have to take a stand. Eventually I will go out, to hell with them,\" says Vivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14598209", "title": "Charan \u2013 Upasana to set up a fitness centre", "text": "Newly wed celebrity couple mega power star Ram Charan and Upasna Kamineni are making grounds to start a gymnasium and a fitness centre at the Apollo Health City Campus in Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad. Sources say that the construction and other technical works have already begun in this connection and the couple would launch the centre soon.Reports further add that the fitness will have robust and most advanced equipment and as such, Charan and Upasna are trying to get the best physical trainers in the city. This would be the couple's second venture after they bought RC Polo Club. The actor is currently shooting for Vamsi Paidipally's \"Yevadu\" and Bollywood movie \"Zanjeer\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566961", "title": "Sunday showers revive monsoon hopes", "text": "BHOPAL: Heavy rains that lashed the city on Sunday afternoon revived the hopes on the arrival of monsoon soon besides giving the much needed respite from the hot and humid weather conditions that have been prevailing in the city for over a week. The state capital recorded 30 mm of rainfall while Indore received 10mm. Weathermen said that a clear picture on the arrival of monsoon in Bhopal would be available in a couple of days.The status of monsoon would be clear in a day or two, says director of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, DP Dubey. \"It all depends on where the rains were localised or where it is widespread. The picture would be clearer in a day or two,\" he says. Rains were also recorded in Khandwa, Ujjain, Ratlam, Neeemuch, Balaghat and Seoni. Hot wave conditions continue to prevail in the northern parts of the state including Gwalior and Chambal divisions with Gwalior still remains the hottest place in the state with the peak temperature was recorded at 44.6 degrees Celsius on Sunday while the minimum was at 33 degrees Celsius.The temperatures also continue to remain a few notches above the normal mark in Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur. Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 37.9 (+5) degrees Celsius and a minimum of 26.0 (+2) Celsius while in Indore, these figures were 36.3 (+4) degrees Celsius and 23.3 degrees Celsius respectively. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were 39.3 (+6) and 27.8 (+2) degrees Celsius respectively.In the forecast for Monday, the weathermen said that there was possibility of thundershowers at some places in Bhopal, Indore, Ujjain, Hoshangabad and Jabalpur divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602498", "title": "Shafqat to release another album soon", "text": "Singer Shafqat Amanat Ali is working on his latest album that he plans to release digitallyShafqat Amanat Ali, who's latest song in the movie Maximum is making ripples and his other two songs in 2012, Tu Hi Mera and Darmiyaan, recieving positive response from the audience is now preparing for another album. His previous album was a blockbuster hit with songs like Aankhon Ke Sagar and Khamaj, Sahfqat is gearing up for his untitled album which is he is currently working on.But he still feels that albums are a difficult challenge to tackle as there are few takers for it. But the situation in Pakistan is better than what it is in India. He says, \"Pakistan's album scene is still better. There are artists who are still making their albums in spite of the fact that there is very little opportunities. And people are liking it. But in India private albums are difficult to manage and so I am planning for a digital release.\"But Bollywood is what that has given him a bigger platform and a wider reach, which he agrees to. Shafqat says, \"Bollywood is a big entity. And not just in India, but also in Pakistan and it has given me a lot a love, wide reach and some amazing songs. My experience of working in B-Town has been wonderful. I could reach to people I wouldn't have been able to otherwise.\"Remembering his previous songs, we would eagerly wait for his next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573793", "title": "21-year-old ends life in front of family, friends", "text": "NAGPUR: Elvis Redix, in his early twenties, jumped in front of a train to end his life on the tracks near Indiramata slums even as his parents, family members and friends were trying to dissuade him from taking the drastic decision on Saturday evening. The youth, a resident of Martin Nagar, was upset after his father chided him for withdrawing Rs1,000 from the ATM without his permission.It is learnt that this was the second suicide bid by Elvis, who had once consumed poison after a quarrel at home. He was saved that time due to quick medical intervention. This time, family and friends chasing him were witness to the tragic death of Elvis.Having failed to clear his board examination, Elvis had been engaged in helping his father Wilfred in their business of selling pesticide. Sources in the family said Elvis had taken his father's ATM card without taking his permission and withdrawn Rs1,000 from the bank.Wilfred confronted Elvis when he came to know about this. Elvis told him that he had enjoyed a feast with Rs100, but was unable to explain where he spent the rest of the amount. This had led to a serious altercation at home.An angry Elvis rushed out of the house after the heated exchange. He was immediately chased by some family and friends, who knew about his temperamental attitude, but could not save him. The entire Redix family, including mother Ranu and younger brother Kevin, were in shock. Koradi police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "14568154", "title": "Black money hunt cleans village well", "text": "TUMKUR: It was a hectic Sunday morning for villagers in Bajagooru of Tumkur district. The local well was laboriously cleaned out, not for any hygienic reason. Two villagers saw two Rs 500 currency notes floating in the well. In no time, the village was in the grip of rumours that a businessman from Bangalore had dumped his black money in the well following a police raid. The villagers decided to clean the well in the hope that more money would be found. A motor was brought to pump the water out of the well. After several hours, all that surfaced was some dirt and stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578184", "title": "Residents deprived of civic amenities: Sector welfare association", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The umbrella body of 60 different resident welfare associations of city, Federation of Sector Welfare Associations Chandigarh (FOSWAC), criticized the authorities for not providing the basic amenities to residents like power and water in its monthly meeting on Sunday.Various sector welfare association representatives discussed maintenance of parks by resident welfare associations, law and order and need based changes in Chandigarh housing board flats.The shortage of water and low pressure in its limited supply were the most prominent concerns among residents. Most areas of the city are facing acute water shortage due to miss-management and lackadaisical attitude of the public health wing of the MC.Members said leakages in old pipelines waste 25-30% drinking water while more water is wasted in washing cars, floors, watering lawns and from free flowing taps of unmetered connections. The MC does not have an exact record of how much water is wasted in the city per day, though it can easily be calculated by tallying how much water is pumped from Kajauli water works and water consumed as per water bills.FOSWAC members said the old pipes must be replaced and the water pressure must be raised. They also stressed on supplying tertiary water for lawns and parks.The difference between the electricity load sanctioned to people and how much they consume was another major concern among the members. The electricity department should take urgent steps to assess the load and upgrade its supply lines and transformer capacities to match the demand.FOSWAC members discussed that the 40 notified need-based changes in CHB flats were not enough for all the occupants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578698", "title": "It's a homecoming for Panjab University vice chancellor Arun Grover", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Homecoming of the new Panjab University vice chancellor, Arun Grover, has brought nostalgic moments alive for his buddies here, who had been a part of the celebrated '1972 Physics MSc' batch of PU. It is dubbed as 'the prized' batch of physics department as several top scientists from India and overseas belonged to the group.Ashwini Prasher, registrar of PEC University of technology, Grover's batch mate, recollects the lively jaunts with his pals and their amusing indulgences.From bursting crackers in the class using straws, crazy drives uphill and a memorable Jaipur-Agra trip to bunking lectures only to be caught by the teacher in PU lawns, students of this batch did it all and even more.\"Our batch students were extremely mischievous yet very brilliant. Each student in this batch had been the topper of his or her college,\" he points out, showing an old group picture in which Grover plays a peepni (a paper mouth organ).Elated on hearing appointment of his friend as new PU VC, he remembers how Grover had been an exceptionally caring person. \"He was not one of those who would indulge in silly pranks or play too many games. He used to underline anything catchy that he found in a newspaper, and bring it to the class to share with us,\" recollects Prasher.Hesitatingly though, he narrates an incident where the entire batch had bunked a lecture. \"Our teacher found us sitting in the lawns and instead of scolding, sat with us to become pally with us. We were even treated with snacks and sweets by the faculty member! All our teachers were fantastic and very supportive despite our pranks,\" he says.Grover, he says, along with 25 other members of this batch are still actively in touch with each other. \"We have been in contact constantly. Since the new VC's announcement, we have been exchanging greetings with one another over phone. He has done our batch proud,\" says Prasher.Manmohan Gupta, another class fellow of Grover, reminisces how the 1972 batch was 'aggressive in questioning' in the class. Grover, he says, used to stay in boys' hostel 4 on PU campus.\" Ajay Sood, who is a noted scientist in the US now and Arun (Grover) were very good friends. I and Anil Banerjee, our class fellow, used to have amazing discussions with the duo. When we used to walk down from hostel to the department, we used to discuss all issues under the sky,\" says Gupta, former chairperson of Physics department. He recalls how all academic record holders in pre-engineering and BSc-I batch were in this batch.\"The batch always struck a spontaneous consensus. If one person said 'let's go to Kasauli', the others would not question why,\" says Gupta, who worked with a Nobel laureate at Harvard University in 1983-84. Remembering the old days spent together, he adds that Grover was very enterprising and would always take initiative to innovate. \"In December 2007, we had organised a reunion of the batch in Chandigarh and Arun was a part of the function. We are all jubilant and ready to welcome him as the VC,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14576875", "title": "PM, Sonia to visit flood-hit Assam as toll rises to 61", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the death toll in the Assam floods climbing to 61, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi will conduct an aerial survey of flood-ravaged districts in the state on Monday.A government spokesman said the PM will fly to Jorhat to survey the devastated Majuli river island and other flood-hit areas in upper Assam. \"He will return to Guwahati in the afternoon and hold a meeting with government officials and chief minister Tarun Gogoi to discuss relief measures,\" the spokesman said.According to the state disaster management authority, apart from the 61 people killed across 21 districts, 16 others have died in landslides, including 10 in Guwahati. Another six are reported missing. Water levels of the Brahmaputra continue to flow above danger level in many districts after more than a week of incessant rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593862", "title": "Nayanthara's special role in Kadal", "text": "It seems as if the comeback time is working pretty well for Nayanthara. The latest buzz about the Kerala beauty is that the ace director of Indian cinema, Mani Ratnam, has approached her to do a special role in his upcoming flick Kadal.Nayanthara, who is already on a roll with numerous opportunities falling at her doorsteps, post her break up with Prabhu Deva, seems to have got excited with this opportunity. Sources close to the movie unit of Kadal say that Mani Ratnam is very eager to cast Nayanthara for a role in the movie. There were earlier reports that Mani Ratnam has roped in Samantha and Lakshmi Manchu to play the female lead roles in the movie. However, due to date issues and illness, Samantha walked out of the movie a couple of weeks ago. Hence, it looked as if yesteryear veteran actor Radha's second daughter Tulasi may get the chance of playing the role, which Samantha was about to play. However, now Mani Ratnam's interest on Nayanthara gives room for a doubt that whether Nayanthara will play the same role or a different one. Quiz the sources; they say that they cannot reveal details about the characters of the movie. In the meanwhile, it seems as if Nayanthara has given a positive nod to the ace director in response to his offer. The sources reveal that Nayanthara has agreed to play the role without listening to its details and the script , just because of the fact that Mani Ratnam is directing the movie. When asked about the development of the movie, the sources say that Mani Ratnam is working very hard and sincere to develop Kadal, which he wants to be picture perfect like his other movies. The sources also add that Mani has already completed the shooting of a considerable portion of the movie, which stars Gautham, son of actor Karthik, playing the lead role!dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571124", "title": "Good news or bad news? A third of Tamil Nadu's jails are empty", "text": "CHENNAI: Blame it on a poor conviction rate, a good bail delivery mechanism or failure to arrest anti-socials, but more than one-third of Tamil Nadu's prisons are empty.The authorized combined capacity of the state's 134 prisons, small and big, is more than 21,900, and as on Saturday there were only 13,970 inmates in these jails. In percentage terms, the occupancy rate is only 63.78%. Of that, about 5,000 are convicts, while 5,773 are remand prisoners and 1,930 are undertrials. Convicts are those found guilty after trial, whereas undertrials are those against whom chargesheets have been filed and trial is on. Remand prisoners are those facing probe and expecting to be released on bail.\"In criminal jurisprudence, a sparse population in jails means everything is good,\" former special public prosecutor for human rights court V Kannadasan said, adding, however, that Tamil Nadu police are known for their indifference in executing arrest warrants issued by courts. \"Every district has several thousands of unexecuted arrest warrants. If they are all executed today, there won't be any space left in our jails,\" he added.Interestingly in most other states, prisons are battling space crunch and overcrowding.In Andhra Pradesh, as against the authorized capacity of 11,792, there are 13,682 at present. In Kerala, 6,343 persons are sharing the facilities meant for 4,692, while in Karnataka, though jails there are meant to house only 8,830 persons, there are at present 11,425.Worst is the case of Jharkhand, where prisons are overcrowded by three times. Facilities meant for 5,714 persons are shared by a staggering 17,355. Odisha prisons are overcrowded by 70 per cent, as 12,329 are put up in jails meant for only 7,241.On remand prisoners outnumbering convicts in state prisons, S Prabakaran, Tamil Nadu Advocates Association (TNAA) president, said: \"Ideally, the convicts' headcount should be more than the other two categories of inmates. As a person is innocent till proven guilty, we have no business to keep remand and undertrial prisoners in jails for long.\"\"More than 1,500 prisoners, all of them convicts, were released by the DMK government between 2006 and 2008,\" a senior jurist pointed out, adding that no clear conclusion could be inferred from a thin population in jails. \"More than 500 bail applications are filed before the high court daily. At least 300 to 350 are released on bail from the central prison for remand prisoners at Puzhal every week. People being brought to jails or being released on bail is not the actual reflection of a law and order scene in a state,\" he added.Four sub-jails - Trichy special sub-jail and Mettupalayam (both for women) and Cheyyar and Palladam - were closed this year. A prosecutor said this was not due to the dipping crime rate in the state. \"Less jails and lesser inmates are fine. But, they do not translate into fewer crimes outside. The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) data, released a few days ago, does not paint a rosy picture of Tamil Nadu,\" he added.The number of inmates could be reduced further if Tamil Nadu introduces the parole regime as in Tripura, says Kannadasan. In Tripura, an inmate becomes eligible to be released on parole once he undergoes two-third of the actual sentence. Since parole is a conditional release, if he repeats the offence he will be jailed again and made to undergo the remaining term. Pointing out that very few cases of misuse were reported after the release of 1,500-odd persons during the DMK regime, he said the time was ripe to introduce parole scheme in Tamil Nadu at least on experimental basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14599950", "title": "Bonanza for medicos: 3,595 fresh MBBS, 1,442 PG seats created", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aspiring medical students can now look forward to an expanded medical education sector as 3,595 more MBBS seats have been created this year.Of these, the Medical Council of India (MCI) has given its approval to 2,400 fresh MBBS seats in 20 new medical colleges and 1,195 additional seats in existing medical colleges across the country, sources told PTI.These new seats come close on the heels of 300 additional MBBS seats created through six new AIIMS-like institutes in as many states from September this year.Medical students have also reasons to cheer now, as the MCI has created 1,442 new post-graduate seats, with 1,326 MD/MS seats in various existing medical colleges and another 116 super-speciality seats for DM/MCH.Among the new medical colleges approved by MCI now, include nine in the government sector and 11 private ones. Among the states in which new medical colleges will come up include Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Gujarat (where the government-run Medical Education and Research Society will set up the medical college).The MCI last year had created 4,452 fresh MBBS seats in 21 new medical colleges and additional seats in existing medical colleges in the country.The new seats approved by MCI would help correct the existing imbalance in the availability of public health resources, health ministry officials said.With their coming into operation, the overall availability of MBBS seats in India would rise to 45,464 and the number of medical colleges in the country would rise to 355.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14567096", "title": "Weak bids delay Outer Ring Road toll-tax collection", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vehicular movement on the completed portion of the Outer Ring Road (ORR) is increasing by the day as is the rate of mishaps along the stretches thrown open, yet the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has failed to put in place a mechanism for manual collection of toll tax with not so much as even the tender for the same having been finalised.The tender process for awarding of the contract for manual collection of toll tax is likely to be delayed as the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has asked HMDA to renegotiate with the two interested parties who had submitted bids.The bid to farm out toll tax collection duties has been on for the past one year but not many parties have evinced an interest in taking up the contract. When HMDA invited tenders last June, only one contractor, Eskon India Ltd, submitted bids that too with an offer of only Rs 66 lakh. That tender was cancelled and fresh bids were invited in February 2012. However, this time only two parties came forward to compete for the contract.Sources said that, in the fresh bids, one contractor quoted Rs 20 crore while the other's pitch was for Rs 18.9 crore for 18 months, which is only 50% of the revenue HMDA expects to earn through the toll booths. This even after the contract period was increased from 12 months to 18. According to HMDA estimates, based on traffic studies, about Rs 42 crore should be generated through the ORR levy.\"As the contractors have quoted only half the estimated amount, the MA&UD; has asked HMDA to negotiate with contractors,\" ORR chief general manager N Surya Prakash Reddy told TOI. The toll tax is being proposed for the 79-km stretch between Pedda Amberpet and Shamshabad, Shamshabad and Gachibowli and Narsingi and Patancheru. Since the 38-km stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet is nearing completion and likely to be opened to traffic in a couple of weeks, the HMDA has asked the two firms to submit bids for the new stretch.Officials said that the contractor has to provide toll booths at interchange points like Pedda Amberpet, Bongulur, Raviryal, Tukkuguda, Pedda Golconda, Shamshabad, Rajendranagar, AP Police Academy, Kokapet, Edulanagulapally, Patancheru and Nanakramguda.\"Once manual collection of toll tax begins, unauthorised movement of vehicles, especially two-wheelers, will stop and road accidents on ORR too will come down,\" an engineering official said.Although toll booths are awaited, the toll rates themselves were finalised in April 2011. The toll tax for cars and jeeps would be Rs 0.82 per km, LCVs and mini-buses Rs 1.33 per km, buses and trucks Rs 2.79 per km, multi-axle trucks (3 to 6 axles) Rs 4.36 per km and other multi-axle vehicles (7 or more) Rs 5.32 per km. However, no toll would be collected from motorists on service roads.The toll tax is being proposed for the 79-km stretch between Pedda Amberpet and Shamshabad; Shamshabad and Gachibowli; and Narsingi and Patancheru. Since the 38-km stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet is nearing completion HMDA has asked two firms to submit bids for the new stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14579439", "title": "BRS Nagar unsure about monsoon", "text": "BRS Nagar: The thought of monsoon beginning in a couple of days is evoking mixed feelings for those living in BRS Nagar's blocks A to E. While they are eager to bid goodbye to summer, the thought of the many problems that invariably accompany the rains is making them squirm. They are trying to brace themselves for flooded roads, improper drainage, blocked sewerages, water entering houses and traffic woes since the ill-equipped administration has made no efforts to handle the perennial problems.According to met officials monsoon, which is already delayed by a week this year, is expected to hit Ludhiana in the second week of July. \"I am rather worried about the monsoon's arrival as the same problems will be repeated year after year. Though authorities make promises to install rain drainage pipes so that it does not stagnate on roads, nothing has been done,\" said Nirupama Chauhan, a resident of block A. The residents of BRS Nagar's A to E blocks are dreading the monsoon due to the imminent water-logging.Residents are dissatisfied as they have been approaching the administration but their suggestions and complains go unnoticed. Expressing discontentment, Sunil Singh, resident of B block, said, \"I never reach office in time during monsoons all thanks to long traffic jams on water-clogged roads. The parks, streets and even houses in our block are flooded every year but authorities seem to be sleeping over it.\"Sukhmani Kaur of D block said she is eagerly waiting for rains as it is the only solution for the sweltering summers. \"I still remember that last year I could not go to college for two days in a row as it was difficult to drive on the roads that had about two feet standing water,\" she added.However, despite repeated attempts MC commissioner M S Jaggi did not answer calls. Earlier he had said he had nothing to share on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14574718", "title": "Youth found murdered near Talegaon Dabhade", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old man was found bludgeoned to death near Talegaon Dabhade on Saturday afternoon. The deceased has been identified as Jitendra Ramesh Nanekar of Takve budruk in Maval taluka.The Talegaon Dabhade police have booked two people on suspicion so far.Inspector with the Talegaon Dabhade police Sanjay Nikam said the body was found near Andra dam on Saturday afternoon. The police found big stones near the body.Nanekar's relatives told police that two persons from the neighbouring village had called Jitendra near Andra dam on Friday night.\"According to Nanekar's relatives, Jitendra and the person who had called him had had a fight a few months ago,\" Nikam said.Nikam said the two suspects booked are yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14572348", "title": "Ayush doctors threaten stir, if problems not addressed by govt", "text": "On the occasion of the Doctors' Day, All India Ayush Doctor's Welfare Association organised a joint meeting of BUMS and BAMS doctors at Darul Shafa on Sunday. The association discussed the issue of amendment in section 39 of the UP Indian Medicine Act, 1939. The association is of the view that after amendment in the Act, BAMS/BUMS graduate and postgraduate doctors would be entitled to practise modern medicine along with Ayurvedic and Unani systems of medicines. President of the association Dr Mohd Nasir Khan said that the association in a letter sent to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had apprised him of the problems of ayush doctors. He said that Ayush doctors would hold a sit-in in front of the Vidhan Bhawan on Monday to draw the government's attention to our demands.Engineers-in-chief appointed: Minister for irrigation Shivpal Singh Yadav informed that Diwakar Singh and Awadh Naresh Gupta have been appointed as engineer-in-chief (planning) and engineer-in-chief (irrigation and planning) in irrigation department respectively. He said that four executive engineers have also been promoted as superintending engineers.SBI organises symposium on SHGs: On the occasion of its foundation day function, State Bank of India organised a symposium on self-help group on Sunday. Jeevan Sahay, deputy general manager of SBI, regional office, speaking on the occasion said that the bank has taken a decision to encourage self-help groups and NGOs by providing them a strong base of micro finance. As many as 76 self-help groups from various districts of the state participated in the symposium.Israel doctor visits Sahara Hospital: Noted cancer and vascular biology specialist from Israel Dr Israel VIodavsky, Professor, Cancer and Vascular Biology Research Centre, Faculty of Medicine, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel visited Sahara Hospital. The visit is a part of Sahara Hospital's ongoing modern Bone Marrow Transplantation programme. Speaking on the occasion, Dr HP Kumar, director, medical health, Sahara Hospital, said, \"The works of Dr Vlodavsky provide a very novel approach in combating the spread of cancer within the body by targeting the microenvironment that the cancerous cells use for sustaining their growth. We welcome Dr Vlodavsky and hope that his acumen will yield a substantial impetus to Sahara Hospital's bone marrow transplant programme which is an endeavour of providing ultra-modern and latest treatment facilities of international standards at very affordable costs to the people of this region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14590692", "title": "A scintillating musical evening", "text": "Aunique concert, Tap Vs Drums, brought together conga player Monojit Dutta, popularly known as Kachuda, and tap dancers, Ronnie Shambik Ghosh and Mitul Sengupta, on the same stage to make for a scintillating musical evening on Saturday.As Monojit fused Latino rhythms with his band Orient Express, the dancers \u2014 Ronnie and Mitul, along with repertoire members of their dance outfit, Rhythmosaic \u2014 unleashed themselves on the stage, mixing tap dance with kathak to create a cross-cultural melange of moves. Percussionist Bickram Ghosh was spotted among the audience with wife Jaya and son Tatin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14576305", "title": "Heavy rain, gusty winds to continue", "text": "PANAJI: After incessant rains for a few days, there was some respite on Sunday but heavy rain has been forecast again in isolated places of the state.A squall with gusty winds is also likely to hit the state. Fishermen along the coast from south Maharashtra to the Goa coast have been advised not to venture out to sea for the next 24 hours.Panaji , which recorded 74.6mm (nearly 3 inches) of rainfall during the 24-hour period up to Friday morning, witnessed dry spells. On Sunday morning, the quantum of rain subsided a bit, as only 19.8mm was recorded in the city.But Quepem and Dabolim recorded the highest amount of rainfall of 38.6mm (4cms), while other centres recorded less. Pernem, Margao and Sanguem 3 cms each, Mapusa, Panaji, Valpoi, Canacona and Mormugao 2 cms each and Ponda 1 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14575207", "title": "Dramatic escape for prisoners", "text": "Mangalore: Creative vehicles of art like drama, music, poetry, dance are known to soothen, comfort and even transform the most hardened criminal.Monday will see 80 convicts lodged in Dharwad, Belgaum, Mysore and Bangalore Central jails stage 'Jailininda-Jailige Rangayatra', a four-day drama fest at Town Hall here. It was an idea fostered by Gopal B Hosur, then Superintendent of Police of Bellary, in 1997. Mysore based Sankalpa theatre repertoire and department of prisons took the idea forward and it has been a roaring success.Envisaged as a 'drama therapy' by Hulgappa Kattimani, director of Sankalpa, the drama fest will be the 105th show for the repertoire in the state and the first of its kind in this coastal city.On offer for theatre buffs is Shakespeare's King Lear' by convicts from Mysore, 'Kattale Daari Doora' by convicts from Bangalore, Chandrasekhara Kambar's Shivarathri' by convicts from Belgaum, and 'Gokarnada Gowda Shani' by convicts lodged in Dharwad central prison.Aimed at helping these convicts overcome social ostracism for their acts, which Kattimani feels are done in the heat of the moment, and not with any intention to kill or maim, the drama fest will help these convicts get in touch with their inner self. \"The drama festival is a mental, if not physical release, for these convicts from the rigours of their life in jail,\" Kattimani told reporters here, adding it is also an attempt to foster better relations among them.These convicts have already performed in Dharwad, Belgaum, and Bangalore for four days each since November and the coastal city is the latest pit stop for their creative talents, he adds. The theatre repertoire is working with the sole motto of a new life through theatre, he said, adding it has been an onerous task that he has single handedly shouldered without a single convict ever trying to escape, a move that would derail this effort altogether.Conflicts forced by personal traits and roles they portray in dramas under this rangayatra has helped transform many a convict, Kattimani said, citing the example of SV Ramesh, a convict lodged in Bangalore Central prison, who plays roles of Mahatma Gandhi and Basavanna in such theatre experiments for convicts. \"These convicts have the qualities to emerge independently as a separate prison's drama repertoire,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14574458", "title": "Pawar had refused to join UPA with Sonia as PM, claims NCP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nationalist Congress Party chief and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had refused to join the UPA government if it was led by Sonia in 2004, recalled party spokesperson D P Tripathi.Tripathi told reporters on Saturday that Pawar's stand was in keeping with the party's public stand. \"Pawar had said that he was not ready to work under a Prime Minister who with foreign origins,\" Tripathi said, adding that the NCP chief had made a public statement about his reservations after formation of the UPA government in 2004.Though the NCP spokesperson said his party's position was known, the recollection has come at a time when former President A P J Abdul Kalam has rebutted the perception that he was reluctant to swear in Sonia as PM because of her \"foreign origin\". Kalam's disclaimer in his book ran counter to the stubborn conspiracy theory that Rastrapati Bhawan had reservations in swear Sonia Gandhi in as PM.Kalam has revealed that he was ready to swear in Sonia as PM without the slightest hesitation despite intense lobbying against the Congress chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14574399", "title": "With monsoon comes the threat from killer diseases", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the monsoon gaining strength, the district medical authorities are concerned over the possibility of the spread of Japanese Encephalitis , a killer disease caused by the mosquito culex tritaeniorhynchus, in the district.Delivering a speech as part of the on-going campaign by the Indian Medical Association (IMA) 'no more fever deaths' at the IMA Hall here on Sunday, Dr T Jayakrishnan, assistant professor, department of community medicine, Kozhikode Medical College, said the residential associations in the city should ensure that the open septic tanks, the main breeding ground of the mosquito, were properly covered.Jayakrishnan said the residential associations could rear guppy fish in the water bodies to kill the mosquito larvae.He said another major concern was the outbreak of leptospirosis and scrub typhus. More than 100 cases of scrub typhus have been reported at the medical college in a year. He said chance for the comeback of plague was also looming large. He said only the elimination of rats would help curb the outbreak of these diseases.He urged the residential associations to place rat poison in all the wards.Stressing the need for effective waste disposal, Jayakrishnan said proper disposal of waste was a pre-requisite to check the spread of communicable diseases. He said the corporation should strengthen the door-to-door waste collection by the Kudumbasree members.\"The Kudumbasree members are not active at many places in the city. The number of members has fallen from 700 to 400. Or else the civic body should entrust rag-pickers to collect waste,\" he said.Dr M Samshudeen of department of medicine, Kozhikode Medical College, said public should consult doctor if the fever was not receding even after two or three days.He said those who were infected with fever should avoid visiting malls to control further spread of the disease.K Krishnakumari, assistant co-ordinator of the district sanitation mission, said the mission would set up advanced waste treatment plant in five cities in the state. \"The first plant capable of disposing degradable and non-degradable waste will be set up in Thiruvananthapuram in November,\" she said.\"The mission has already allotted Rs1,501 lakh to the district to carry out cleaning drive and the residential association should take up the fund to set up waste disposal mechanism,\" she added.IMA Kozhikode branch president of Dr T P Rajagopal, secretary Dr Mili Moni and Dr P A Lalitha also attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14579806", "title": "No escape for child victims", "text": "Is the city increasingly becoming unsafe for children ? At least four major cases of sexual abuse , two of them with fatal consequences , have been reported during the last month . One of the two victims is battling for life.The four victims hail from different layers of society -- from the affluent class to the lower echelons - proving that children from all classes are vulnerable to sexual abuse . In fact , one victim is the daughter of a diplomat of a developed country and the case came to light only because the mother decided to act and ensure her child is spared the trauma .Shaibya Saldanha , co-founder , Enfold Proactive Health Trust , and member of the collaborative child response unit , said only extreme forms of child abuse like rape and murder get reported . Milder forms of abuse are rampant but very few get to know . Saldanha said every instance of child abuse needs to be acted upon .However , the few incidents of child abuse that are reported end up as another crime case that Bangalore police handle . Senior officers claimed their men are trained in counselling child victims , but the fact is that investigation of such abuses in just another responsibility they have .A child rape victim was recently made to go through the trauma of undergoing tests twice to confirm the assault . A mother who complained that her child was raped by her husband was subjected to such intense and insensitive grilling that the woman had to run to the police commissioner to get the investigation officer changed .Not adequately trainedBangalore is still alien to the concept of child-protective services , notwithstanding the fact that the city is as notorious as its counterparts in the developed world when it comes to handling sexual abuse of children . Child-protection services are a standard practice in Western countries . These units have trained personnel to receive complaints , investigate and counsel victims . But in Bangalore , the same police officers who handle gangland murders look into kids' sexual abuse cases as well. The officers are just not trained to handle extremely sensitive cases of such abuse .Stakeholders of child welfare in Bangalore admit they are functioning as islands . There is a child rights commission but it hasn't lived up to the promise of being a one-stop solution in child abuse cases . While police accept and investigate complaints , their insensitivity only prolongs the trauma for those involved . There are some NGOs working in the area of child abuse prevention but lack the legal knowledge and expertise to handle such matters . Besides, there is trust deficit between police and other stakeholders .Take a lessonBut neighbouring Chennai police have created a system that is worth emulating by Bangalore police . Every police division in the Tamil Nadu capital is equipped with a special child abuse investigation unit . Cases pertaining to child sexual abuse are transferred to these units which pursue them to their logical conclusion . These units rope in NGOs with expertise in the field for investigation , especially collection of evidence .Bangalore recently saw the setting up of a collaborative unit in two private hospitals . The unit has been conceived to counsel , medically examine and treat children subjected to sexual abuse . But police are yet to make up their mind on whether to consider the evidence gathered by these units or conduct independent investigation .Political tool?The Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights, a statutory body on child welfare, is mired in a fresh controversy. Child activists have alleged that the crucial outfit is teeming with political appointees who have no experience in child welfare work. They said the appointments have been made with an ulterior motive as the government wants the commission to be subservient to it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14602113", "title": "When Asha Bhosle staged a walkout", "text": "Legendary singer left show after verbal duel with Aatif Aslam, but returned after Boney Kapoor intervenedSparks are known to fly whenever an India-Pakistan face-off occurs. Even if they're contesting in a sport or art form, the imminent one-upmanship can cause tempers flaring. As it happened some weeks ago between Pakistan's Aatif Aslam and India's legendary singer, Asha Bhosle , one of the three independent judges of a reality show that was being shot in Dubai. So much so that the veteran, upset with the young music star's behaviour, left the show and returned to Mumbai.The reality show in question sees a face-off between two teams, India and Pakistan , led by Aatif and Himesh Reshammiya respectively. And Bhosle was judging it with Abida Parveen (Pak) and Runa Laila ( Bangladesh ). The incident happened when Bhosle voiced her frank opinion, giving poor marks to a contestant from across the border. Predictably, his team's captain, Aatif took it up and defended him vehemently.As our source says, \"Aatif was very aggressive in his behaviour. The way he was defending his singer, he showed disregard for Ashaji and came across as very rude and impolite towards the legend. Things got ugly when he stated that if his singer wasn\"t cleared for the next round, he'd walk out.\" Bhosle reiterated her stand and maintained that if the singer wasn't good enough, it was unfair to others to let him pass through. As our informer further elaborates, \"Ashaji stated that she, Parveen and Laila were objective in their judgments and were being fair to all singers. Seeing Aatif being unreasonable, Bhosle asserted that if neutral judges were not being given their due respect, she didn't wish to continue on the show.\"Needless to say, after she left, the channel stepped in to make amends. And Boney Kapoor, who's producing the show as head of the channel, intervened. \"After some persuasion, Boney got Ashaji to return to Dubai, to complete shooting for the rest of her part on the show,\" says our source, adding that Aatif didn't get into any arguments with her till the end of the shoot.When contacted, Boney Kapoor maintained that things didn't reach a stage that he had to get Bhosle return to Dubai from Mumbai. However, he conceded that Aatif and Bhosle had an argument, saying, \"These situations come up when the reality shows are not scripted. Such things happen in the heat of the moment. This is what reality shows are about when they're not scripted.\"Asserting that they were being fair to the judges and the captains by giving them freedom to speak their mind, he stated, \"Both captains fought for their contestants. At the same time, the jury has to be respected as they have been given the authority to give a non-biased and independent judgment. As a producer of the show and channel head, I have to be around to ensure that the situation doesn't get out of hand. We managed to shoot 29 episodes and the finale will be shot after the episode goes on air.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14574264", "title": "Sarvodayapuram locals form human chain", "text": "Alappuzha: Residents of Sarvodayapuram formed a human chain and held a protest meet on Sunday against the indifference of Alappuzha municipality towards the Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant.As many as 600 villagers took part in the human chain that was formed from Pathirapally KSDP Junction to Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant.Sethunath V, member of Malinya Virudha Samithi, which organized the protest, said that though the municipal authorities had ensured them earlier that they would treat all the waste dumped in the yard, they failed to do it. \"The municipal authorities informed us that on Monday, they would resume the dumping of waste at the plant without clearing the waste dumped earlier. So we decided to intensify our agitation programme against Alappuzha municipality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14566069", "title": "Family club raided", "text": "HYDERABAD: A family club, where liquor was being served without permit, was raided by Bowenpally police on Saturday night. At about 11 pm, police raided Neni Hitec club located in New Bowenpally and nabbed 37 persons for serving liquor without excise permit.\"We have slapped cases against the arrested persons under various Sections of the Prohibition and Excise Act. Club MD Sekhar Reddy is absconding,\" Bowenpally inspector R B Rangaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14593630", "title": "Kareena Kapoor to do an item number in Tamil", "text": "The current trend in Bollywood revolves around the item numbers, as the leading girls in the Bollywood town are more than glad to perform sleazy numbers.May it be the Munni Badnaam Hui or the Shiela Ki Jawaani , the audiences of the Bollywood is receiving the item numbers in a great manner. It seems as if the item number fever has struck the highest paid Bollywood girl too, who is none other than the Kareena Kapoor. However, she is not going to rock her hip in the Hindi movie industry, but down the south in the Kollywood industry.Yes! If things fall in place perfectly, soon the audiences of Tamil cinema industry may see the beautiful Bebo shaking her legs for the first time in a Tamil Kutthu song. A grapevine in Kollywood tells us that it is the actor - director S J Suriyah, who is ready to hire the Bollywood bombshell for his movie, Isai . It seems as if S J Suriyah himself is going to play the lead role in his directorial, and also, is going to compose the music for the movie too. The grapevine adds that the New star has taken himself into the ways of composing after A R Rahman did not turn up to him to compose the music for Isai. For your information, A R Rahman was S J Suriyah's favorite recruitment in the music department for his movies, and the duo has produced some unforgettable chartbusters with the movies like Vaali , New and Anbe Aaruyire . Coming to the Kareena Kapoor , it seems as if she has agreed readily to play an item number in Isai, as soon as S J Suriyah approached her. However, she has put some condition that she would play the song only if the music satisfies her. Hence, S J Suriyah is working hard on the music of Isai, which, as the name goes by, is of musical genre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14573541", "title": "Negligence death: Docs, hospital to pay 29 lakh", "text": "Kolkata: Two doctors and a leading cardiac hospital of Kolkata have been directed by the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission to pay a compensation to the tune of Rs 18 lakh for negligence leading to the death of a 23-year-old patient in 2005.Parents of Gaurav Khanna had complained to the consumer forum of medical negligence, deficiency in service and unfair trade practice, following which the state forum, chaired by Justice Kalidas Mukherjee, passed the verdict. The hospital said it may contest the verdict and move the Supreme Court.The consumer court has also directed the hospital and the two doctors - Srirup Chatterjee and Anil Mishra - to pay an additional litigation fee of Rs 5 lakh to Gaurav's parents Vijay and Madhubala Khanna. The hospital has also been asked to refund Rs 6,15,000 to the Khannas, as it was found to have been wrongly charged.On January 17, 2005, Gaurav was admitted to the hospital with chest pain. He was put in the cardiac care unit (CCU). Anil Mishra and Srirup Chatterjee of the hospital diagnosed that Gaurav had an aortic valve leakage and advised a replacement. A surgery was done on January 22, but it failed to improve his condition. Gaurav suffered a renal failure and was put on a ventilator. He was put through multiple surgeries, without their consent, the parents have alleged. But the operations couldn't revive the youngster. Gaurav died on February 5.His parents complained to the consumer court that he was shifted to a room from the CCU and was charged Rs 1400 daily. \"The hospital authority had offered a package of Rs 1.35 lakh for the operation. But since Gaurav wanted a TV in the room, the package went up to Rs 1.75. It's strange that Rs 40,000 was charged for a TV,\" said Vinod Kumar Khanna, the victim's uncle, who fought the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14573881", "title": "Court verdict is not final: CPM leader", "text": "The CPM will not consider any party worker guilty only on the basis of an adverse court verdict, said the party's state secretariat member V V Dakshinamoorthy.The statement came a day before the special investigation team's deadline to former secretary of CPM's Idukki district committee MM Mani to appear before the Thodupuzha DySP ended. He has been asked to present himself for questioning about political murders in his district in 1982 and 1983. The CPM leader was responding to a query on whether the CPM would act against its workers if the court found them guilty of murdering RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. Kozhikode/KOCHI: The CPM will not consider any party worker guilty only on the basis of an adverse court verdict, said the party's state secretariat member V V Dakshinamoorthy.The statement came a day before the special investigation team's deadline to former secretary of Idukki CPM committee MM Mani to appear before the Thodupuzha DySP ended. He has been asked to present himself for questioning about the political murders in his district in 1982 and 1983.At a news conference in Kozhikode on Sunday, Dakshinamoorthy claimed that the CPM has its own mechanism to find out the veracity of charges against its members. The CPM leader was responding to a query on whether the CPM would act against its workers if the court found them guilty of murdering RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan.\"There are talks that even those who were sentenced in the K T Jayakrishan case were actually not guilty. So we have to think of alternatives,\" he said.While denying the existence of party courts, Dakshinamoorthy admitted to the presence of party villages.Meanwhile on Sunday, Mani met Advocate M K Damodaran and discussed future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14568095", "title": "PG-hunting gets tougher with inflation hiking rents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accommodation will be more expensive for most students this year. Paying guest facilities and private hostels have increased rates by 15%-20% with the rise in cost of power and cooking gas. Facilities such as air-conditioning and internet-access that came free with the room till last year have now become \"add-ons\".But the demand for accommodation is a constant one and PG-owners are using social media to spread the word. A group of enterprising Delhi University students have launched a website to help newbies find digs in the city. Findyourpg.com has been fielding questions about the location of PGs. One can register as a \"seeker\" on the website, specify the requirements and the website throws up options. \"We have 83 PG-providers registered with us and since the first cutoff list, we have received over 150 queries on phone,\" says Tariq Musthafa, third-year student at Shri Ram College of Commerce and one of the website's nine founders.The rising rates make things difficult even for students already staying in PGs. \"I was paying Rs 5,000 for a room for two in Mukherjee Nagar. But I had to shift as my PG-provider hiked rent by Rs 600 and will now charge separately for meals,\" says Neha Singh, a second-year BBA student.Mukherjee Nagar is not the only area where rents have shot up. The situation is the same in Kamla Nagar, Vijay Nagar, Roop Nagar and Shakti Nagar \u2014 all places close to campus and, therefore, popular with students seeking places to stay. There are luxury-rooms at Petals in Shakti Nagar and White House at Malka Ganj where rates vary. If you're willing to share a room with two others you pay Rs 10,000 in a month; a double-room is for Rs 12,500 and a single comes for Rs 15,000. These cover meals and stay. The students have the use of common rooms with refrigerators, LCD TVs and microwaves and of the gymnasium. Add-ons include attached baths, AC and internet.However, at non-luxury accommodations, prices range from Rs 9,000 to 12,000 but with these deals you get nothing more than a room with a water-cooler and food which is typically vegetarian. Lentils, rice, veggies and five rotis (with ghee) make a standard PG meal. Guests are welcome, but only till the common rooms.At Chitra Kashyap's PG in Jawahar Nagar, internet has become an \"add-on\" from this year. \"For an AC room, I am paying Rs 9,000 but for internet, I have to pay Rs 500 extra from this year. But there are only three computers in the common room for all four floors and half the time they are occupied,\" she says. The rising costs have prompted some students to try finding rooms in college hostels. Komal, a second-year botany (H) student, recently moved to the girls' hostel at Hindu from a PG because of the hike and reduced facilities.The increase in prices of cooking gas and electricity and the water-crisis have prompted owners to hike rates, says a PG-owner from Roop Nagar. Owners prefer to cut down on the number of facilities offered as part of the main rent rather than raising the rent itself.\"We charged Rs 10,000 per student till last year and provided students with all the facilities such as internet, food and air-conditioning. This year we are charging Rs 8,000 but from now students will have to pay Rs 1,500 extra for air-conditioning and for internet, we'll charge according to the use,\" says PG-owner Jagdish Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14580181", "title": "Appsolute wonder", "text": "Praveen Rajpal, CEO, Handygo Technologies, on the emerging job opportunities in mobile appsA mobile app i.e. a mobile application is an application developed for mobile phones and smart phones. In simple terms, a mobile app is a software programme for one's phone. These 'apps' can be as simple as a basic flashlight application or a dictionary or something similar to a Google Maps navigation app.There are mobile apps developed for entertainment like the Facebook and Twitter app (social media networks) or the Angry Birds mobile app (games). Mobile applications are basically a lighter version of computer applications meant for mobile devices/tablet devices, which cater to infotainment and entertainment.The mobile applications market is not just restricted to general users but has also reached out to business and institutional users. This ever-changing and growing industry and its revenue generation opportunities have not only enticed customers, but also business conglomerates. The year 2011 witnessed a breakthrough for mobile application development and many new players have entered this domain, there will be more in the coming days.This year featured a steep rise in text messaging, Smartphone purchases and mobile advertising. Location-based services, social networking application, m-commerce , context-aware service, object recognition , mobile instant messaging and mobile payment or mobile money transfer will be the areas of growth. Also, more social games apps in mobile devices will be developed.Industry statusThe mobile application market is rapidly growing and gaining popularity as an emerging job opportunities market. India is the third fastest growing app market in the world. As per Gartner report, India's active mobile connections will exceed 900 million by 2016, which translates to 72% penetration. According to TRAI in January 2012 the number of active mobile connections in India has reached 659.99 million and the total mobile subscriber base stands at 903.72 million.It is estimated that every Indian user spends nearly 52 minutes perday using mobile apps. Similarly, mobile app economy-estimated at nearly $4 billion (Rs 20,000 crore) in 2009 and expected to grow to $18 billion in half a decade-continues to expand exponentially.There is an increase in the demand of mobile applications as more and more people are using smart phones. It has been projected that mobile valueadded services market (which includes mobile apps) will reach Rs 214.1 crore by the end of 2012 from Rs 158.6 crore in 2011. Revenue generated by mobile VAS was INR 122 billion, as on March 2011. It is estimated to reach INR 482 billion by 2015.Growth areasThe future is mobile and all the services and offerings are going to run through application. India has more mobile connections than PCs or TVs and landline phones. Mobile app development is evolving to integrate with television, in-car navigation and entertainment, shopping, commerce and banking. It is safe to say that the future of apps is 'mobile.' This talks about future growth prospects in the industry.Mobile operators have seen a significant growth in revenues through VAS, which has significantly increased demand for mobile application developers . This booming industry is struggling to get quality developers who have ideas and creativity. Go to any job site and you will observe the number of jobs that come under the M-VAS industry. Here the demand and supply ratio is inadequate and industry is looking for talented professionals. Planning a career in this industry will surely be a good move.As it can be seen, there is more demand than supply because there aren't enough good mobile developers. As mobile phone companies look to attract users through applications, the demand for application developers is growing and will grow.Skill-sets requiredSince mobile apps are based on the IT platform, application developers should have a BTech (computer application) or MCA degree with experience of gateways/servers (WAP, XML, VXML, WTA, etc), browsers (WML, XHTML), clients (SMS, e-mail , chat etc), and stacks (WAP2.0 and TCP/IP).Apart from developers, the industry also seeks product and content creators who could be experienced graphics designers, content writers, researchers , etc. Innovation and out-ofthe-box thinking can allow freshers in the industry to grow quickly.With the changing technology, keeping pace with industry trends, technological innovations and new products in the market, it is important that freshers constantly update themselves with the latest developments.One should also have the ability to understand client requirements, change specifications promptly, if needed, and have the confidence to sell the product in the market. If one wants to become a mobile app developer , one would need to be proficient in a programming language such as C, C++, Objective C for writing applications on Ios ( iPhone , iPad ) or Java ( Android , Blackberry OS). Now private academies and training institutes too offer short-term crash courses and one-year diploma courses in apps development.RemunerationThe starting salary of a developer at the entry level could be from Rs 3-5 lakh per annum depending on the technology they are working on. Those who are working on content at the entry level could expect anything in the range of Rs 2.5-4 lakh per annum.As told to Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570831", "title": "Upanishads to fire Sunita Williams\u2019 spiritual odyssey in space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Sunita Williams is thousands of miles above the earth taking a bird's eye view of the universe from her space shuttle window, she will try to understand universal truths of the Upanishads. The Indian American astronaut \u2014 who will spend six months in space from July 14 \u2014 is carrying with her an English translation of one of the most important Hindu scriptures.Her father, Deepak Pandya, is hoping that the farther she goes from earth, the closer she will come to understanding her Indian roots. It was his idea that she carry a copy of the Upanishads with her.\"The last time she went into space, I had given her a copy of the Bhagavad Gita,\" Pandya told TOI. \"She was full of questions when she came back. She wanted to know why it became necessary for Krishna to narrate the Gita, what were its eternal teachings, was it not possible to gain similar knowledge from other works, and many such questions. I feel that she will find some of the answers in the Upanishads.\"Pandya, himself a Shiv bhakt, says that up in space his daughter will perhaps be able to better chart her spiritual journey with the Upanishads assisting her.\"All the same, we don't discuss space when she calls amid her preparations,\" Pandya adds. \"We have normal father-daughter conversations.\"The astronaut is all set to go into quarantine ahead of her second space odyssey after which it will become increasingly difficult for the family to stay in touch with her. Williams last worked aboard the International Space Station for six months in 2006. She will take off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan with two other astronauts, a Russian and a Japanese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14575033", "title": "Pernem woman succumbs to burn injuries at Goa Medical College", "text": "MAPUSA: A 59-year-old woman from Nagzar in Pernem succumbed to her burn injuries on Saturday evening at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bamboim, where she was admitted a day earlier.The victim, Shubhangi Kolwalkar, a resident of New Wadda, Nagzar, was in the kitchen trying to light the stove when she was engulfed in flames.Kolwalkar's cries for help alerted her son Salil, 31, who had just come home wearing a raincoat as it was raining outside. Assuming that his wet raincoat would help douse the flames he used it to try and save his mother. As the raincoat was made of plastic it caught fire and his mother suffered serious burn injuries. Salil also suffered burn injuries in his attempt to save his mother.Both were rushed to GMC and Salil is undergoing treatment and his condition is stable. Pernem police conducted a panchanama and registered a case of accidental death. The body was handed over to the family after the postmortem. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14567483", "title": "Bhakra, Pong reservoirs\u2019 water level hits new low", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana are heading for a major power and water crisis as the water level at the Bhakra and Pong dams has plummeted alarmingly. The water level at Bhakra has depleted by around 60 feet and the flow of water has more than halved compared to last year.On June 28 last year, Bhakra received 44,916 cusec water in its reservoir and had a water level of 1,590.61 feet. However, this year on the same day, water inflow at Bhakra was recorded at 22,725 cusec and the water level hit a new low of 1,534.5 feet.The power generation at Bhakra has also come down by 20 to 30 lakh units (LU) per day on an average.Bhakra, the lifeline of northern India, has been witnessing a low water inflow the entire June primarily because of slow snow meltdown on mountain tops and lack of good rains in the hills.The water at the dam hit a low of 12,695 cusec on June 15 when its level went down to 1,530 feet. Last year, the dam had an inflow of 25,136 cusec on June 15.According to experts, the situation is going to get worse as the monsoon is also expected to be delayed this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14577170", "title": "Extortionist sales tax inspector, two staffers land in police net", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: An inspector of the sales tax department and two class IV employees attached with him landed behind bars on Saturday evening after they were caught extorting money from drivers of goods carriers on Haryana-UP border at Kalanaur area of the district on Saturday evening.The duty magistrate on Sunday remanded Satpal Sharma, the errant sales tax inspector, to police custody, while ordering judicial custody for Harnek Singh and Banarsi Dass, class IV employees, arrested after a trap laid by local police.\"Sales tax inspector Satpal Sharma, peon Harnek Singh and private cook to Satpal Sharma, Banarsi Dass, have been booked under Prevention of Corruption Act and section 384 of IPC.\" said Phool Kumar, DSP, headquarters.The three were reportedly involved in the crime for quite some time and used to force drivers of goods vehicles to pay money in lieu of crossing the border, he added.\"Police had got information about the malpractice. We sent two persons to pay them money using duly signed currency notes. As the accused accepted currency notes as bribe, they were caught red handed,\" the DSP said.\"Sharma is being interrogated and we are also scanning call details of his mobile phone to nab others who were in touch with him. The accused have told police that they used to make about Rs 20,000 every day,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14595251", "title": "Raghu Kunche\u2019s music for Allu Arjun\u2019s film?", "text": "Raghu Kunche is being considered for stylish star Allu Arjun's next film to be directed by Puri Jagannath. After giving tunes to mass maharaja Ravi Teja's \"Devudu Chesina Manushuli\", sources say that the production house is considering Raghu Kunche for giving the soundtrack for their new movie starring Allu Arjun. Official announcement is awaited.Devudu Chesina Manushulu was also directed by Puri Jagannath, who is a very good friend of Raghu Kunche. The feedback for the film's music was also very positive and it'll be a great if this talented singer-music director can pull off another big ticket film. Bandla Ganesh Babu will produce this untitled movie under Parameswara arts banner and the movie will go on floors on October 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14594066", "title": "International Medical Students' Convention in Mumbai on Aug 5", "text": "MANGALORE: The Indian unit of International Federation of Medical Students' Association, (IFMSA-India) will host IFMSA's 61st general assembly - August Meeting 2012 in Mumbai, India.IFMSA- India won the bid to host this assembly only months after being adopted by the IFMSA as the 100th member of the federation. The focus will be Universal Health Care and the event will take place at The Renaissance Hotel on August 5.The general assembly in Mumbai will welcome more than a thousand delegates from 104 countries to be a part of this initiative. IFMSA - India is headed by Pratap Naidu, a third year MBBS Student from Krishna Institute of Medical sciences, Karad, Maharashtra.This year's theme of Universal Health Care - sometimes referred to as universal health coverage, universal coverage, universal care or social health protection - aims to discuss health care systems organized around providing a specified package of benefit to all members of a society with the end goal of providing financial risk protection, improved access to health services and improved health outcomes.IFMSA is an international organization comprising of future physicians that are interested in global health issues. IFMSA is recognized by both the United Nations and the World Health Organization as the international forum for medical students.Throughout its history, numerous students have been active in the member organizations of IFMSA, collectively representing more than 100 countries across the six continents. Every year, nearly 8,000 students participate in the exchange programmes of IFMSA; thousands more design projects, attend conferences, and plan events in such areas as human rights and peace, medical education, reproductive health and HIV/AIDS , and public health.IFMSA's mandate is to train medical students at an early age to become advocates for health issues that they will face later as practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577386", "title": "RTE stock taking", "text": "To take stock of the status of the implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act and to identify issues that need urgent attention, a convention was held by the RTE forum. AMBARISH RAI , national convenor, RTE Forum talks to Aaditi IsaacThe deadline for the implementation of the RTE Act is fast approaching, where do we stand?This Act was made for 250 million children. After two years of the enactment of the Act, we are still struggling with problems in implementation at the grassroots level. Reports state that 95% of schools are not complying with the RTE laws. At the grassroots, there is a lack of teachers, infrastructure; schools are not friendly towards the differentlyabled students, appropriate age admissions are violated, issues of attendance , etc. There are a plethora of problems , but the time is short. So we are looking for ways to mobilise people across the country. There are 13 lakh government schools. Sadly, the allocation of education is only 3.7% of the GDP. We want 6% allocation of the GDP on education.What concrete steps are being taken by the RTE forum in terms of mobilisation of people?The RTE forum was constituted when the RTE Act was implemented. We are an advocacy group. We have nine state chapters and with 18 other states, we are in a coalition and we are working with about 10,000 NGOs. Through this connection, we are working on the process of mobilisation. We are involving teacher organisations. We work at the village and block level creating awareness campaigns, social hearings so that people know their rights. This is done at one level. At the other level, we will be giving the government the report. For this, we have taken the help of teachers in schools from different states to create a status report. We are recommending the establishment of teacher training institutes . We want a systemic teacher training module and teacher training institutes. We are mobilising people to send their children to school. Besides, we will be conducting social audits, conducting seminars, etc. Our main aim is to help students get equitable and quality education for all children.What are your views about the 25% reservation in private schools?We are looking to change the elitist character of private schools. If we look at facts, we will see that 77% of children come from tough backgrounds. They should be given a chance to quality education. When children from the elite classes interact with their counterparts from conflict zones or from the economically weaker background, rural areas they will come to know of the problems and challenges faced by them. Education is a social tool and is beyond the rich and poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14572925", "title": "Undergraduate counselling starts on chaotic note", "text": "LUCKNOW: Counseling for admissions to Lucknow University's undergraduate courses started on a chaotic note. Disruptions by student leaders led to closure of counseling for nearly three hours on Sunday. In the first incident, student leaders created ruckus in support of the students belonging to Other Backward Class (OBC) and general category seeking the 'zero-fee' facility like the Scheduled Class (SC) category students.Students from below poverty line families should be treated equal irrespective of caste and gender. Like the SS, all those belonging to financially weaker families have the right to avail the 'zero-fee' facility,'' said a student while raising anti-university administration slogans. Following this incident the counseling remain suspended for more than an hour.And as if this was not enough, at around 4 pm, student leaders again resorted to protest. This time, they pressured the university admission committee officials to admit a student who did not had full fee to deposit. The student, Vishal Kumar (name changed) took admission in BA (Hons) in philosophy but did not have money to pay his fees. The university, therefore, denied him admission. The student then approached the student leaders who then reportedly put pressure on the admission officials to allow him in the course. The university officials had no choice but to admit the student after he paid Rs 1,500. However, as per university rule, 'a candidate will have to deposit full fee at the time of admission'.Giving clarifications, university spokesperson, Prof Pawan Agarwal said, On moral grounds, we had allowed nearly 10 students who made partial payments. These students had good merit and the university could not afford to lose them just because they could not pay full fee immediately. Also, it was a Sunday and many students failed to get money from banks.'' He added that from Monday, no such relaxation would be given.Meanwhile, all seats were filled in the open category in LLB (Hons), BCom (Hons), and BCA. The university has a total of 120 seats in LLB (Hons), of which 60 are in the open category. In BCom (Hons), there are 100 seats, of which 50 are in the open category, in BCA, there are total 60 seats, out of which 30 are in the open category. However, in BA (Hons), the university has total 210 seats, of which 105 are for open category students. In this, 15 seats were left vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14601409", "title": "Criminal held with firearm in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have arrested a criminal on police records and seized a country made pistol and three live cartridges from him. The police have identified the suspect as Pappu alias Shivaji Nathu Sashthe (30) of Sambhajinagar Dhanakwadi. The Faraskhana police team led by sub-inspector Geeta Bagawade has made the arrest.Speaking to TOI, Bagawade said that she received a tip-off that a suspect attached to the gangster Nilesh Ghaywal gang would be coming to Ganesh Peth to sell a pistol. \"We laid a trap in Ganesh Peth. However, seeing the police team, the suspect started running away from the spot. We managed to nab him after a brief chase.\" Bagawade said.During the sustained interrogation Sashthe revealed that he has been working for the gangster Nilesh Ghaywal. \"Sashthe has cases of murder, attempt to murder, dacoity and robberies registered against him in the various police stations in the city,\" Bagawade said.The investigations have also revealed that Sashthe was arrested by the Dattawadi police station for the murder of Sachin Kudle. Sashthe has been also charged under Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. He was recently released by the court.\"We have booked him under section 3 of the Arms Act,\" Bagawade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14566618", "title": "4,500 government doctors threaten to resign", "text": "BHOPAL: In a final attempt to resolve the situation, Madhya Pradesh medical officers association (MPMOA), have sought an appointment with the CM. Failing which, some 4,500 government doctors from the state have threatened to resign en masse on Monday.\"We have sought an meeting with the CM to resolve the situation. We are still hoping for a sympathetic response,\" said MPMOA president Dr Lalit Shrivastava. MPMOA are demanding creation of single cadre by merging medical and specialist cadres, better perks and compensation for recovery initiated against government doctors for excess payment from 2008 to 2011.However, sources say that a fraction of the MPMOA doctors are unsatisfied with the handling of the agitation. \"It is a victory for the government. Our resolve was not strong enough and the current MPMOA leadership is only looking for a face-saving solution,\" said a government doctor. If MPMOA demands are not considered, resignations of some 4,500 government doctors would handed to the CM, said Dr Shrivastava. \"First we would tender a conditional resignation and if our demands are not met after one month, we would offer our formal resignations, three months on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14580109", "title": "Learning differently", "text": "An increased number of students with special needs have enrolled in Delhi University this year. Vatsala Shrangi finds outAmong those rushing to get a seat in Delhi University every year, there are many with learning difficulty, within the persons with disabilities (PWD) category. In a major change, this year, an increased number of students with learning difficulty (categorised as cerebral palsy) have made it to DU, as opposed to the trend of only a few for the last many years. A total of 1,500 seats are reserved for PWD students across DU colleges.According to Bipin Kumar Tiwary, deputy dean, students' welfare and in-charge of equal opportunity cell (EOC), in a stark change with only one-two admissions as compared to last year, 25 students - from among 27 applications - with learning difficulty have been admitted this year. The surge in the number of admissions can be attributed to better class XII scores as well as online application facility.The university has 3% seats in all undergraduate courses reserved for 'candidates with disability.' People with not less than 40% impairment are categorised within the PWD category . The distribution of seats is as follows - 1% for persons with low vision or blindness , 1% for hearing impaired and 1% for those with locomotor disabilities or cerebral palsy .However, says Tiwary, \"If sufficient candidates are not available in a sub-category then candidates from other sub-categories are considered in their place.\"For facilitating students with learning difficulty, support systems like writers, audio-visual aids, counsellors , extended hours for writing exams, etc, are required. The university offers the needed aids to help such students cope with the academic curriculum, while it is still working on having trained counsellors and therapists to teach them.\"At times, there are serious cases of learning difficulty. The basic issue with such students is that they are slow learners and need a lot of psychological support. For this we are planning to have trained counsellors and therapists from this year. Besides , they need multi-sensory teaching in classrooms with a lot of audio-visual aids. Also, they get extra hours for writing the exam and writers for those with writing difficulties ,\" says Tiwary.As for placement prospects for students with learning difficulty, Renu Malaviya, faculty, department of education, Lady Irwin College, says, most of these children with learning issues are creative with average and above average intelligence . If given the right atmosphere , these students can score well and excel in any given field. Also, they are multi-talented and can handle a number of tasks at a time. Many of them end up becoming artists, theatre personalities, and work in the hotel industry, multi-media or human resources.However, it has been the case that during campus placements, not many of them get recruited.\"Though a few students are admitted every year, companies are not forthcoming when it comes to recruitment of students with special needs. They must take their share of corporate social responsibility more seriously. These students are talented and are competent for any kind of jobs. Companies can actually come on campus and give them the required training,\" adds Tiwary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571763", "title": "Sanskrit College draws students from across India", "text": "CHENNAI: Behind the rundown facade of the brick and mortar heritage building supported by wooden pillars and beams, the Madras Sanskrit College, MSC, continues to be a vibrant centre of studies and research for students from various parts of the country and abroad who make Chennai their home for the love of the ancient language and its literature.Anurag Mishra from Allahabad and Vipin Bhatt from Uttarakhand are examples of students who have travelled the extra mile to Chennai to pursue Sanskrit studies. \"The studies of the 'shastras' here is knowledge-based in line with tradition unlike most Sanskrit universities in other parts of India where modern syllabi is geared to examinations,\" says Umesh Nepal, explaining why he made the journey from Kathmandu to Chennai, specifically to the MSC in 1995 to pursue his interest in Sanskrit studies.\"Every line and paragraph in the 'Shastras', ancient texts on Vyakarana (grammar), Nyaya (logic), Sahitya (history, Mimamsa (discussion and interpretation of Vedas),Arthasashtra (Economics) and Jyotisha (Astromony-Astrology) is explained here whereas at other Sankskrit universities, just the general context of the treatises is communicated in a functional way,\" says Umesh who was here for 11 years as student and teacher till 2006 when he landed a Professor's job at the Rajasthan Sanskrit University, Jaipur. In 1995 there were as many as three students from Varanasi alone; later knowledge seekers came from Bihar, he recalls. MSC students and faculty don traditional south Indian white apparel in contrast to northern universities where no such dress code is imposed.In 1906 when the College was started in rented premises in Mylapore in south Chennai and even in 1910 when the institution was shifted to the present premises erected nearby by the founder V Krishaswami Iyer, a philanthropist and leading member of the Bar, there were less than 25 students but they were very committed as there was then no Sanskrit college anywhere else in southern India. So students were mainly indigenous to south India from Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh apart from Madras province, MSC principal N V Deviprasad told TOI.\"The trend of students coming to the college from northern parts started after 1925 as post-graduates in Sanskrit who had also learnt Hindi as part of the syllabus, were able to get teaching positions in universities in Varanasi (then Benares), Darbhanga, Bhopal and Kolkata, \" Deviprasad said. They in turn informed their students about the opportunities to learn 'Shastras' at the MSC and access its library of more than 25,000 books and 100-odd palm leaf manuscripts. In later years, Sanskrit teachers from northern belt joined college faculties in Chennai, Tirupati, Kaladi and Guruvayoor, he said.A rigorous two-year foundation training in Sanskrit and five-year specialized studies in a chosen discipline make up the minimum seven years of Sanskrit studies, explained Deviprasad. MSC remains a major hub of study of the 'Shastras' even though there are more Sanskrit universities in the north, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14579077", "title": "Doctors get a dose of their own medicine", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indian Medical Association (IMA) Ludhiana celebrated Doctors Day on Sunday at IMA House with a yoga and nutrition camp exclusively for the care givers. A group of 100 doctors from across the city attended it.Dr Narjit Kaur, secretary of IMA Ludhiana, said the theme of this camp was that everybody in today's world is overworked and overstressed. \"One must take time to fulfil body's health and nutrition needs. Doctors who have to cater to health needs of society should themselves be fit and energetic. For keeping oneself physically fit yoga is the best way. A team from Patanjali Yog taught doctors many yoga asanas. They also informed doctors about the benefits of each and every posture,\" said Dr Narjit.President of IMA Ludhiana Dr D P Singh Arora said doctors are not following a healthy diet regimen for themselves. \"Most of them skip breakfast which is not at all acceptable for good health. Small meals at frequent intervals, less fast food, plenty of water, less use of beverages like tea, coffee or cold drinks is all important. Not eating meals at proper time, sedentary lifestyle, no physical activity and lack of sleep are the cause for most problems like high blood pressure , diabetes and heart diseases,\" he said.A senior dietician told doctors the dos and don'ts of nutrition. Dr Karamvir Goyal, one of the doctors who attended the camp, said one must understand that yoga and good nutrition increases one's life span. \"Yoga is to be done in a scientific manner. It decreases morbidity and mortality in many diseases. I gained a lot from the camp,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600694", "title": "Rheumatoid arthritis can lead to early death", "text": "When it comes to deadly and disabling diseases, most media appear to pay attention to conditions such as cancer and Alzheimer's.But Mayo Clinic researchers say there are others that take a similarly high toll, and rheumatoid arthritis is one of them.It is a common cause of disability: 1 of every 5 rheumatoid arthritis patients is unable to work two years after diagnosis, and within five years, that rises to one-third. Life expectancy drops by up to five years, they said.Rheumatoid arthritis patients also have a 50 per cent higher risk of heart attack and twice the danger of heart failure, they pointed out.Much progress has been made in recognizing the importance of early diagnosis and prompt and aggressive treatment, but gaps in understanding of the disease remain, according to study authors, Mayo Clinic rheumatologists John Davis III, M.D., and Eric Matteson, M.D.\"There are many drug therapies available now for management of rheumatoid arthritis, but the challenge for patients and their physicians is to decide on the best approach for initial management and then subsequent treatment modification based on the response,\" said Dr. Davis.\"In our article, we reveal our approach including algorithms for managing the disease that we believe will enhance the probability that patients will achieve remission, improved physical function, and optimal quality of life,\" he noted.In rheumatoid arthritis, the immune system assaults tissue, causing swollen and tender joints and sometimes involving other organs. The top goal of treatment is to achieve remission, controlling the underlying inflammation, easing pain, improving quality of life and preserving patients' independence and ability to work and enjoy other pursuits. Long-term goals include preventing joint destruction and other complications such as heart disease and osteoporosis.Dr. Davis and Dr. Matteson offer several tips and observations:\"It is very important to have rheumatoid arthritis properly diagnosed, and treatment started early on. Getting the disease under control leads to better outcomes for the patient, ability to continue working and taking care of one's self, less need for joint replacement surgery, and reduced risk of heart disease,\" said Dr. Matteson.More than medication is needed to best manage rheumatoid arthritis. Educating patients about how to protect their joints and the importance of rest and offering them orthotics , splints and other helpful devices can substantially reduce pain and improve their ability to function.Cognitive behavioural therapy can make patients feel less helpless. Exercise programs that include aerobic exercise and strength training help achieve a leaner body; even modest weight loss can significantly reduce the burden on joints.\"Our management approach is informed by current evidence and our clinical experience. We believe it is crucial that patients and their doctors thoroughly discuss the treatment options and decide on the management plan jointly in view of individual patient preferences, goals and values,\" Dr. Davis said.The researchers reported their finding in the July issue of Mayo Clinic Proceedings in an article taking stock of current diagnosis and treatment approaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14571216", "title": "Alarming rise in rape cases exposes Rajasthan's dark underbelly", "text": "JAIPUR: The rape of a four-year-old by a teenager in Bundi district on Saturday sent shockwaves across the state.A couple of days ago, a teenaged girl complained of being allegedly raped by five youths for 20 days.The rise in the number of rape incidents in the state has exposed the dark underbelly of a state that till sometime ago was seen 'relatively safe' compared to other neighbouring states.In 2011, as per the police records, nearly 26 girls aged up to 10 years were raped in the state. However, this year, going by the spate of such incidents, the numbers could be frightening. The number of cases of child abuse, especially rape of girls under 10, over the past one week has been alarming.At least four girl children aged upto nine years were raped in a week. Apart from arresting the accused, who in most cases are neighbours or distant relatives, police seem clueless on checking the trend.According to the police, rape of minor girls aged upto nine years were reported in Jaipur, Barmer, Sikar and Tonk districts over the past one week.\"Going by the average, about two rapes of girls up to 10 years of age are reported every month in Rajasthan. The ratio in Jaipur is one rape every three months,\" said a police officer.He added that in most cases, neighbours or distant relatives were found to be involved in raping the child.On Saturday only, two cases of child abuse were reported from Bundi and Sikar districts. A 20-year-old man was beaten to death by some people who alleged he was involved in abusing a child in Sikar's Sadar police station area.According to the police, the accused, Omprakash Balai, was a labourer at an agriculture farm owned by one Ishwar Ram in Majipur village. Some relatives of Ishwar Ram came to know that Omprakash was involved in abusing a child in their family. He was beaten up with iron rods at the agriculture farm where he worked.Similarly, a teenager was sent to juvenile home for raping a four-year old girl in Gandoli police station area of Bundi district. According to the police, the incident took place in Chautrakakhera village near Gandoli on Saturday.The four-year-old girl was on her way to buy some chocolates from a shop when a 15-year old boy living in the neighbourhood lured her into coming to a nearby agriculture farm where he raped her.Cases reported in 2011Victim age groupRajasthan JaipurUpto 10 years26 310-14 years73 314-18 years288 2218-30 years10275030-50 years331 12Above 50 years12 0Total175790Hall of shameJune 30, 2012: A 20-year-old man was beaten to death by some people who alleged he was involved in abusing a child in Sikar's Sadar police station area.June 30, 2012: A teenager was sent to juvenile home for raping a four-year old girl in Gandoli police station area of Bundi district.June 28, 2012: A man raped his eight-year-old niece at the rooftop of her house while other family members were busy at a function in Tonk town.June 28, 2012: Seven-year-old girl was raped by a distant relative in Chauhatan township in Barmer districtJune 8, 2012: A 13-year old girl studying in Class 8 was abducted and allegedly raped by a man whom she called uncle in the Bassi village on the outskirts of Jaipur.April 21, 2012: A seven-year-old raped by a ragpicker. Parents, also ragpickers, found her lying unconscious and bleeding the next morning. The girl used to call the accused 'uncle'March 8, 2012: A three-year-old girl was admitted to JK Lon hospital after she was raped in Bhilwara", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573981", "title": "Employee flees with gold worth Rs 3.10 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Ambazari police have registered an offence against a 20-year-old employee of a Dharampeth-based jewellery shop on Saturday. The suspect Sonu has been charged with criminal breach of trust after he fled with jewellery worth Rs 3.10 lakh.It is learnt that Arvind Soni, owner of the jewellery shop, had handed over the jewellery to Sonu for taking it to some experts for polishing on Saturday afternoon. Sonu was supposed to return within an hour but he neither reached the shop nor the place where the polishing takes place. A stunned Soni waited till evening before approaching Ambazari police station.Ambazari police have already launched a manhunt for Sonu after booking him under section 406 of Indian Penal code ( IPC) for criminal breach of trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14578403", "title": "Tax inspector in police net", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: An inspector of the sales tax department and two class IV employees attached with him landed behind bars on Saturday evening after they were caught extorting money from drivers of goods carriers on Haryana-UP border at Kalanaur area of the district on Saturday evening.The duty magistrate on Sunday remanded Satpal Sharma, the errant salestax inspector, to police custody, while ordering judicial custody for Harnek Singh and Banarsi Dass, class IV employees, arrested after a trap laid by local police. \"Sales tax inspector Satpal Sharma, peon Harnek Singh and private cook to Satpal Sharma, Banarsi Dass, have been booked under Prevention of Corruption Act and section 384 of IPC.\" said Phool Kumar, DSP, headquarters.The three were reportedly involved in the crime for quite some time and used to force drivers of goods vehicles to pay money in lieu of crossing the border, he added. \"Police had got information about the malpractice. We sent two persons to pay them money using duly signed currency notes. As the accused accepted currency notes as bribe, they were caught red handed,\" the deputy superintendent of police said.\"Sharma is being interrogated and we are also scanning call details of his mobile phone to nab others who were in touch with him. The accused have told police that they used to make about Rs 20,000 every day,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14565894", "title": "Indian Space Research Organisation to set up third base at Sriharikota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) will develop a third launchpad at its spaceport at Sriharikota to meet the growing demand.\"We are planning to have a third launchpad at Sriharikota to cater to our future missions,\" Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan said.The new launchpad would help Isro augment the frequency of missions, which was necessary to meet its targets, he added.\"We plan to launch 24 missions over the next 24 months, which include our communication satellites and some foreign payloads,\" he said, adding that over a five year period, the space agency has plans to launch 60 missions.The new pad could also be used for launching Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark III (GSLV Mk-III) carrying heavier satellites as also by the reusable launch vehicle, India's own version of a space shuttle.Besides communication satellites, Isro also has plans to launch Chandrayaan-II, the sequel to its successful moon mission, launch a satellite to study the Sun, send a probe to Mars and undertake a human spaceflight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14578268", "title": "Torrid heat continues to torment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The torrid summer has undoubtedly been stretching on for far too long. The mercury has been zooming. But the biggest weather worry, that can even make the most optimistic sit up and take notice, is this - On July 1, last year's maximum temperature was the same as this year's minimum temperature, which stood at 30.1 degrees celsius. The maximum temperature on Sunday was recorded at 41.4 degrees, up by 11 notches as compared to last year.The highest maximum temperature in June 2011 was recorded at 39.4 degrees on June 6 and 15. However, this year, the highest maximum temperature was recorded at 43.8 degrees on June 1. This can be attributed to monsoons that had approached well in advance last year.Moreover, unlike last year when the temperature was much below normal in the last week of June, this year the mercury has hovered between 38 and 42 degrees, making people sweat it out.Last year, there were a total of 15 rainy days in June which contributed to 242.6mm of rainfall whereas this year only 6.2mm of rain was recorded. The Met department has declared that monsoons have been delayed. Earlier, the monsoons were expected by July 5. Now, pre-monsoon showers are being expected on the date when the monsoons should have arrived. Even as the sizzling temperature continues to trouble city residents, the Met department has warned that the next 3-4 days will continue to be dry and hot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14569540", "title": "Gurgaon Ki Awaaz: Broadcasting the voice that represents society", "text": "GURGAON: Armed with egg-trays for the purpose of absorbing the echo in the modest studio, hand-me-down computers and radio-sets, Gurgaon Ki Awaaz, airing on 107.8 Mhz, is the only radio station amongst the 26 radio stations operating in Delhi/NCR which is led by the civil society.The radio station is heard over a radius of 8 to 10 km from its studio in Gurgaon and functions for 22 hours, 6 days a week. It is the initiative of an NGO called The Restoring Force (TRF), which aims at voicing the opinions of marginalised communities in the Millennium City that have been drowned by rapid industrialisation.Its listeners comprise mainly of migrant workers, drivers, security guards, women and children living in nearby villages. The station broadcasts shows that share information about daily happenings in Gurgaon, be it education, career, health, women empowerment or self-employment.The spark in 22-year-old Jyoti's eyes could hardly be missed when she spoke about a new show that she was working on. Jyoti, who has been working with the radio station for the past two and half years, is a part of a show that will help listeners to speak and read English better. The radio channel not only works towards the development of the unheard communities, but also talks about various social issues like dowry, female foeticide, domestic violence, that plague this strata of the %society.\"Apna Nazariya Apna Kaam\" is one of the most popular shows, where Amrit Beriwal talks about starting small businesses like candle-making, selling 'namkeen' or providing door-to-door 'maalish' service. 'Galli Galli Sim Sim' is another favourite show handled by 22-year-old MA student, Vandana.It serves as an entertaining-cum-informative programme for children as well as parents.Tarachand, 42, who is a security guard, is a regular listener of the station and calls at least twice a day. He said, \"It is a platform for us to vent out our grievances. We also get to hear songs which we only ever hear in our villages.\"As a matter of principle, the station plays only folk songs, ballads, bhajans in various languages like Hindi, Haryanvi, Bhojpuri, Rajasthani and even Oriya. As Arti Jaiman, Station Director, said, \"107.8 MHz has carved an identity of being the 'Ragini-wala station' in the hearts of its listeners.\"The station provides an opportunity for talented singers and music mandalis from villages to record and air their music for free. Hence, the earnings of the station are next to nothing. It manages to survive on the funds provided by TRF , project funding and the meagre number of advertisements from local shops and shelter homes.When Jaiman spoke about the biggest challenge of starting a community radio station, the anger in her voice was evident.She said, \"The Department of Telecommunication has hiked the license fee from Rs 19,700 per annum to Rs 91,000 per annum and then they hope to have 3,000 radio stations in India.\"Her top priority is to fight for community radio stations that cater to that sector of the population which cannot read newspapers.She feels that these issues not only curb the right to freedom of speech and expression but also take away a citizen's right to listen to information pertinent to society.Jaiman and her team hopes that Gurgaon Ki Awaaz will emerge from these difficulties and continue to air the unheard and subdued voices of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14598310", "title": "Passports to have biometrics from next year", "text": "BANGALORE: From July, including the first Sunday, the regional passport office (RPO), in Bangalore will accept passport application manually at its office in Koramangala.\"Beginning with the Passport Mela scheduled on June 30 and July 1, the applicants for passport can directly approach the counters at RPO and the passports issued at RPO will have all security precautions, though the applications are accepted manually,\" said a spokesperson of Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA).Biometrics: The ministry will commence incorporating the biometrics as required in countries abroad from 2013. \"The passports with biometrics will be introduced from next year and the ministry is trying to install required technical back up by then. For the present the passports will not have bio-metrics as per international standards,\" the spokesperson said.The ministry also held discussions with the employees representatives of RPOs across the country and has reached for an understanding to re-schedule of working hours in view of seven day working day for RPOs to overcome the large quantity of pending applications before the various RPOs.\"We have convinced the employees of RPOs about the fatigue factor they had to face because of the long working hours, that include the week-end holidays. Once we stabilize the pending numbers of passport applications through the exercise we will revert back to five-days a week schedule. We hope that the pending applications can be cleared by July 7 and July 8, the last two days for Passport Mela,\" the he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14573506", "title": "Unsafe corridors pose threat to Tadoba tigers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as the state government has shown positive signs towards conservation of tiger corridors of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) by declaring a new Umred-Karangla wildlife sanctuary, a lot is needed to done to pave the way for safe passage for tigers migrating out of Tadoba. Mapping and digitization of the tiger corridors leading out of Tadoba is one of the key demands of wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre, who will launch his indefinite hunger strike in Nagpur for safety of tigers here from Monday.Tadoba is one of the best tiger habitats in country that is connected with Andhra Pradesh in South, Gadchiroli in east and Nagpur in North through the corridors. The corridor in the North passes through Chimur range, leading to Central Nagpur forest division and further connecting to Melghat and Pench tiger reserves. Similarly, the southern corridor leads out through Lohara, Junona, Kothari, Dhaba jungles to Chaprala sanctuary and ahead to Indrawati tiger reserve Chhattisgarh. The same corridor branches towards Kawal Sanctuary in Andhra Pradesh. The eastern corridor leads through Mul, Saoli and ahead into Wadsa forests of Gadchiroli.The spillover population of tigers from Tadoba and jungles around it, moves through these corridors to safer locations to make new territories. However, these tiger corridors are under severe threat due to mining and irrigation projects, expanding human habitation and negligence of forest department. \"At present, there are about 36 tiger cubs in TATR. Out of these, 18 will attain adulthood during this year and move out of Tadoba. Their migration out of Tadoba can only be tenable when the corridors are safe,\" said Dhotre. He said that the forest department does not have exact mapping and digitization of these corridors. And for the same reason, the department does not know exactly where the tigers have gone after migration, he claimed.Dhotre said that there is total loss of monitoring in Gadchiroli and hence the department has no knowledge about the direction of movement of tigers there. Similarly, corridors have been bottlenecked and at many places completely severed due to deforestation, human habitation and even irrigation canals. \"Forest department is aware of this problem, but has never bothered to map their corridors and identify the threats to it. Hence, we have voiced the demand of mapping and digitization of the corridors through Wildlife Institute of India, identifying the threats to corridors and enlisting the remedial measures to neutralize the threats to corridors,\" he said.Dhotre claimed that the other major threat to tigers and their corridors is from FDCM. This commercial set-up of forest department has its areas all around the TATR. There are several compartments of FDCM in every corridor and lack of protection and conservation in them present a severe threat to the resident and transitional tigers in them. \"Tiger poaching through electrocution in FDCM Jharan range and failure in detection of dead tigers' carcasses in FDCM Jharan and Junona for a week clearly indicates lack of wildlife management and protection. FDCM is purely a commercial set-up and has least concern about wildlife protection and conservation,\" he alleged.He claimed that FDCM's work is to take up commercial forestation in degraded forest areas and sell the same wood after felling. However, FDCM acquired dense mixed forests in Vidarbha, particularly Chandrapur and destroyed the bio-diversity by taking up clear felling in their areas since 1978. FDCM acquired dense forests in Jharan, Kanhargaon, Dhaba and Devai having rich wildlife density and were identified as shooting blocks in British regime. Clear felling and plantation of commercial trees destroyed the habitat and disturbed the food chain leading to loss of herbivores and consequently carnivores. \"Hence, we have also voiced the demand of merger of FDCM areas in Chandrapur forest circle for effective protection of tigers here,\" Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14567216", "title": "Delhi weather: Heat keeps schools shut till July 8", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the heat wave tormenting north India showing no signs of abating, summer vacations in Delhi and Haryana have been extended by a week and all schools will now re-open on July 9.Sunday saw the maximum temperature in Delhi soar six degrees above normal to settle at 43.5 degrees Celsius. Neighbouring Gurgaon and Faridabad recorded maximum temperatures of 44.3 and 44.5 degrees Celsius, respectively.As no respite has been predicted for the immediate future by the Met department, the Delhi government's education department on Sunday extended the summer vacation of all city schools by one week. Most schools were to open on July 2.\"All schools, including government, private-run and those under civic bodies, which were to reopen on Monday after the summer vacation, have been told to extend the vacation till July 8. Now the schools will reopen on July 9,\" said education minister Arvinder Singh. \"Non-compliance of the order will be viewed seriously,\" he said.The order will particularly bring relief to students in 1,700-odd MCD schools who do not have proper school buildings. Many do not even have working fans. The decision will also save wastage of time. The corporations have not managed to procure textbooks for the new session, citing the trifurcation and the elections. So far, only 47% books have been procured but additional commissioner (education) Deepak Hastir said, \"the children will get books once the session begins\".The capital and surrounding regions have been in the throes of a severe heat wave for almost a week now.\"We are not expecting much change in temperature for another couple of days after which there will be a slight reduction. Thundery activity may develop over parts of northwest India after that due to local circulation,\" said a Met official.On Sunday, Ridge in north Delhi recorded the highest maximum in the city with 45 degrees. Following closely were Palam and Ayanagar with 44.6 degrees Celsius, Narela with 44.3 and Delhi University with 44.2. Safdarjung, where the city's official records are maintained, recorded a minimum of 31.4 degrees Celsius, four degrees above normal.\"The temperature has gone higher than this earlier in the season but coupled with high humidity levels, it has been perceived as much more uncomfortable lately. Sunday's humidity oscillated between 22% and 58%. A western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir is now moving eastwards,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14600154", "title": "Nirahua turns rickshawala again for his next", "text": "His 2007 release Nirahua Rickshawala was a blockbuster and after half a decade Bhojpuri cinema icon Nirahua once again is essaying the rickshaw puller in his next film Rickshawala I love you.Nirahua, recently finished off shooting the final schedule of the film. Rickshawala I love you is produced by noted film distributor Bittu Sardar. Directed by Ajay Shrivastav, film also stars Pakhi Hegde Kiran Yadav, Anup Arora, Prakash Jais, Anamika, Sanjay Pandey, Alok Yadav, Asha Sharma , Santosh Srivastva, Dhama Verma, Rakesh Yadav and Awadhesh Mishra. Film's music is scored by Rajesh Rajnish and Lyrics are penned by Pyarelal Yadav.Source: humbhojpuria.blogspot.in Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14571984", "title": "Summer holidays extended till July 4 for classes I to VIII", "text": "KANPUR: Summer holidays for classes I to VIII in all private and public schools in the city have been extended till July 4 by the district magistrate, keeping extreme heat in view. The vacation is likely to be extended further in case the inclement weather conditions continue.Majority of government and private schools were scheduled to reopen on Monday, July 2. Now, schools will reopen on July 4.There is no relaxation for students studying in classes IX to XII.Many schools declared holidays on May 15 this year. Others have extended the April-May session toll May 20 in absence of DM orders for closing of schools. Worse is the condition of the students of Kendriya Vidyalayas who have to bear the brunt of heat as all the KVs are open since June 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14577173", "title": "BTech, a popular choice", "text": "The admission process at Jamia Millia Islamia is over for the academic session of 2012-13, with the new session beginning in July. The university, this year, received the largest number of applications for its engineering courses, followed by popular courses in mass communication , social sciences, biotechnology , education and Bachelor's of business studies ( BBS).The university received as many as 30,000 applications for a total of 350 seats to its BTech course at the Faculty of Engineering and Technology, while the course in diploma engineering saw a significant rise in the number of applications to about 11,000 this year as compared to 9,000 last year.According to Mehtab Alam, officiating dean and head of civil engineering, every year a large number of students appear for the BTech entrance exam. \"It is a sought-after choice among students for several reasons. The faculty here is strong and the environment is disciplined. These days, students are more interested in electronics and computer engineering, with an increased number of girl-students opting for the course.\"The university has put up the list of candidates who have cleared the BTech entrance test. Also, the department of English has declared the result of candidates short-listed for interview for admission to MA and MPhil for this academic session. To check their results, candidates can log on to http:// jmi.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14596135", "title": "Ravi Kishan's next to release on 13th July", "text": "Bhojpuri Superstar Ravi Kishan's next, Jwalamandi- Ek Prem Kahani will release in Bihar theatres on 13th July. This action packed Bhojpuri flick has Rani Chaterjee in lead opposite Ravi Kishan.Produced by Raju Singh, Jwalamandi- Ek Prem Katha is directed by Jagdish Sharma with Awadhesh Mishra, Vijay, Luvi Rohatgi, Brijesh Tripathi, Gopal rai and Umesh Singh in pivotal roles.Manoj Hansraj has written the story for this Bhojpuri flick while Surendra Mishra has penned the dialogues.Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14587702", "title": "District specific programmes to keep a check on child labour", "text": "JAIPUR: The district specific programmes would be introduced to keep a check on child labour in the state. These programmes would be apart from the other various anti-child labour programmes already implemented in the state at various levels.The decision was taken in the meeting headed by Aditi Mehta, additional chief secretary, department of social justice and empowerment held recently. A Rajasthan Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RCPCR) official said that the state specific plans would be helpful in keeping a check on child labour in an effective way. Like in Tonk district, it is seen that children work in bidi manufacturing units. So, specific programme are required for such children. These children may require specific healthcare facilities as they are working in the bidi manufacturing units.Also, from Dungarpur and Udaipur districts large numbers of children go to Gujarat to work in the Bt cotton fields. So, in these two districts, the district administration would introduce child tracking system. The district administration with the help of the education department would keep a track on children. Besides, in Alwar district, large numbers of children work in brick kilns so it require separate strategies to rescue such children, the official said.The district child protection units would prepare the programmes and the district collectors would implement it in their respective districts. The women and child development department, child welfare committee and police would also play their role in the implementation of the programmes, which would be district specific.In Rajasthan large numbers of children are not going to schools as they work as child labour. For such children covering vulnerable children including street children, a comprehensive programme would be prepared, the RCPCR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14577349", "title": "Lamborghini crash kills doting dad", "text": "LONDON: A doting father, who wanted to make his son happy on his 21st birthday, died on Sunday after their hired Lamborghini crashed in Greater Manchester , a media report said.Graham Padmore, 58, was driving the Lamborghini Gallardo Spyder when the expensive car crashed at Woodford Aerodrome and critically injured him.Padmore had hired the car as a treat for his son's 21st birthday on June 25.Padmore was taken to hospital and his son Mark, who was a passenger in the car, was treated for bruising , the BBC reported on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14594522", "title": "Russian consulate seeks details of death of national in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Russian consulate in Mumbai has sought details from Goa Police regarding the death of a Russian businessman, who had been living here for the last 10 years.Yuri Nilolaevich Vergiles, a businessman in his early 50s, had died while being treated at a private hospital in Anjuna village last week.The death, which was earlier registered as \"unnatural\" is now being probed after the deceased's friend and business partner Yulia Yaskova wrote to police, suspecting foul play.Deputy superintendent of police Bousette Silva, who is heading the investigation, said the postmortem of the deceased was carried out but the cause of death is yet to be confirmed.Forensic experts from Goa Medical College and Hospital near here, a state-run facility, have sent viscera for chemical analysis to Regional Forensic Science Laboratory in Surat, Gujarat.Police said the cause of death would be known only after getting the chemical analysis report.Russian consulate's representative in Goa, Vikram Varma, said they have sought details from police about the death.\"We will have to wait for viscera report before deciding further action,\" Varma said.However, the family members of the deceased in Moscow have taken a contradictory stand asking police not to conduct the postmortem, claiming that Yuri was an alcoholic.\"We were informed that he (Yuri) was deep in problems like alcohol and drugs...We do not insist on postmortem...He died because of too much of alcohol and drugs,\" Kuchuk Valeriy, who claims to be one of the family member of Yuri, said in an email to the police.The family has also questioned the credentials of Yulia, the girl who wrote to police raising suspicion about the death.Police have said they will also probe the authenticity of the email.Around 1.3 million Russians arrived in the state last financial year, making it the largest international community to visit the coastal state.There are more than 500 Russians living in Goa since a long time after their arrival on a business visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14591079", "title": "Honoured to be starring in Dhanush\u2019s film: Priya", "text": "Enchanted by cinema, Priya Anand considers herself lucky to be part of tinseltown. The actress of upcoming 180 fame, says she is eagerly loking forward to her upcoming release.\"I will be sharing screen space with Sridevi, my childhood idol in English Vinglish , which will be an entertainer that will appeal to all age groups. The film is being dubbed in Tamil and Telugu, and will be out soon,\" she quips.The actress points out that she rejected a few projects to be paired opposite her favourite idol. \"It is no strategic move on my part to make a foray into Bollywood , and my only motive was to act alongside my idol. I was nervous at every shot, but Sridevi made me feel comfortable with her words of encouragement,\" she gushes.Priya will also be seen in Dhanush's debut production Edhir Neechal .\"I feel honoured to be chosen to act in Dhanush's production debut, and will give it my best shot. Acting for me is a continuous learning experience for me,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14569979", "title": "Govt red-flags auto companies recall policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the auto industry had its way, companies would pay no penalty when a car is recalled for generic defects and such a recall may not be mandatory even. A senior official said the government is set to red-flag the proposed guidelines drawn up by the auto industry lobby, which is \"voluntary\" and bereft of penalties at the same time.A high-level meeting later this month, to be attended by various ministries involving the auto sector, is likely to discuss a structured, and statutory, policy for car recalls. The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam) will unveil its voluntary code on Monday.Siam's code will not impose any penalties on car companies, even in case of known violations. Rather it would \"expect\" members (car companies) to voluntarily declare generic defects if any. This is in contrast to the regime prevalent in countries such as the United States, Japan and South Korea, which have strict regulations on recalls and specialized bodies looking into them. Toyota, for instance, faced the heat from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the US in 2010 over unintended acceleration in its cars, forcing the Japanese maker to recall around four million vehicles. \"This (Siam's move) will serve no purpose as it has often been found that companies are not open to admitting faults when it is based on self-regulation,\" an official said.The government's fears on a lax recall policy - when it is voluntary and self-regulated - are not unfounded. While strict regulations have made car recalls a healthy practice in the west, where companies call back vehicles whenever the defects are generic in nature and potentially harmful for drivers, the same is not the case in India.For instance, in 2010, Maruti Suzuki announced the recall of one lakh units of the A-Star mini car, but only after the Indian media picked up news of a similar move in Europe where the cars had been exported.The government had earlier tried to deal with vehicle safety issues in the National Road Safety and Traffic Management Board Bill, 2010. The Bill has not been able to move forward after the parliamentary standing committee headed by Sitaram Yechury rejected the proposals and recommended that the government come out with a \"comprehensive legislation\" that addresses the entire gamut of issues related to road safety. The Bill did not address the issue of vehicle recalls, but only recommended a fine of Rs 10 lakh on a manufacturer in case of a faulty vehicle.The Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT), an independent agency working on the transport sector, said statutory backing was imperative to have compulsory automobile and tyre recall rules. The IFTRT, which was also called by the standing committee while deliberating the 2010 Bill, said Siam is trying to bypass a statutory law through its voluntary code. \"The Siam exercise at this juncture could at best be a disguised marketing effort and an attempt to deflect the pressure of setting up compulsory auto recall rules by the government,\" said S P Singh, senior fellow at IFTRT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14571997", "title": "Lawyers to boycott court on July 11, 12", "text": "CHENNAI: Intensifying its protest against the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill, which seeks to divest the elected, statutory Bar Council of India (BCI) of its jurisdiction over legal education in the country, the council has called a two-day nationwide court boycott.\"More than 17 lakh lawyers will abstain from courts on July 11 and 12. There is also a plan to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the first day of the Parliament's monsoon session in August. We will also take out a procession towards the Parliament House, if the union human resources development (HRD) ministry fails to back off,\" said BCI chairman Manan Kumar Mishra.Section 83(1) and (2) of the HER Bill, 2011 states that the Centre would abolish the UGC, AICTE and the National Council for Teacher Education, besides overruling the powers of the Bar Council, Medical Council, Nursing Council, Dental Council, Pharmacy Council, Indian Medicine Central Council, etc in matters concerning 'coordination, maintenance of standards, promotion, higher education and research'. All these functions, instead, would be entrusted with a seven-member national body to be constituted by a committee headed by the Prime Minister.The bill was approved by the union cabinet and introduced in the Rajya Sabha on December 27, 2011. It has now been referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee of Human Resource Development for examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14567155", "title": "Fight over toilet lands Bhopal couple in hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: A woman's refusal to stay with the husband in the absence of a toilet took an ugly turn in Harda, some 200 km from Bhopal , after the husband allegedly attacked her with a blunt object on Saturday.In retaliation, members of the woman's family allegedly attacked the man. Both husband and wife are being treated at a hospital in Harda for the serious injuries the two have sustained.Narayan Nagre, 24, got married to Chaya in June last year. When Chaya, a resident of Ranhai village, reached Harda, she found there was no toilet in her husband's residence. She had to go with other family members to the nearby jungle to defecate in the open.From his hospital bed, Narayan said, \"The non-availability of toilet has been a cause of fight for the past one year. Every other day, Chaya would go to her parents place citing absence of toilet as the reason. Yesterday when I had gone to take her, I was attacked.\"Umesh Shukla, investigating officer of Harda police station, said, \"The toilet has been the bone of contention between the husband and the wife. On Saturday, both had attacked each other and cases under the Section 326 of the IPC have been registered against them.\"\"Both of them have sustained grievous injuries on their head,\" he said.Narayan, who carries a mobile and has a gas connection, doesn't have a toilet in his house. He says, \"I am a technician, I work as a labourer with a cold drink shop. My wife wants me to take a house having a toilet facility on rent. But I can't afford one.\"He said mobile is necessity. Toilet can wait, mobile can't.No toilet, woman walks out of houseLack of sanitation and toilet was brought to focus when one Anita Narre stormed out of her husband's home in Ratanpur village of Betul dist in May 2011 after her marriage . She refused to return until they got a toilet. TOI had published a report about the same highlighting the issue. Anita was awarded by Sulabh International Rs 5L for her bold stand.More mobile phones than toiletFar more people in India have access to cell phones than toilets, according to a UN study on sanitation. Indian mobile subscribers totaled 563.73 million, enough to serve about half of the country's 1.2 billion population. But only 366 million (one-third) population had access to proper sanitation said the UN report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "14567345", "title": "Four killed in Nalgonda bus mishap", "text": "NALGONDA: Four persons were killed and 25 others injured when an RTC bus was hit by a speeding lorry at Rollakallu village in PA Pally mandal in Nalgonda district on Sunday night. The condition of five including the driver of the bus was critical. The mishap occurred when the lorry coming in the opposite direction rammed into the RTC bus at Neelamnagar. Sources said 37 passengers were travelling in the bus at the time of the mishap.The injured were taken to the Devarakonda government hospital. Five passengers were battling for their lives, while others were undergoing medical treatment. The spot presented a ghastly sight. The bus was on its way to Miryalaguda from Devarakonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14570283", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to use rooftop solar power", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three public buildings in the city will use solar power to meet their daily energy needs by the end of the year.Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation will have its south zone office in Maninagar, Memco sports complex and west zone office in Usmanpura using rooftop solar power. The purpose is to show Amdavadis that with high electricity prices, solar systems ensure handsome savings in the long run. The pay off period - time to recover investment in the power unit \u2014 can be less than two years, claim AMC officials.Memco sports complex will have a 200KVA solar power plant, at Usmanpura west zone office it will be a a 15 kWhr plant and the south zone office in Maninagar will have a 20 kWhr solar power unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14573749", "title": "Neighbour molests young woman, held", "text": "NAGPUR: Sakkardara police arrested a man in his mid-thirties for allegedly outraging the modesty and assaulting a woman in the neighbourhood at Somwari quarters on Saturday evening. Accused Vishal Tihade has been charged with hurling abuses at the woman. The high voltage drama took place right across the road where a woman had stabbed her four-year-old girl to death some days back.Police said Sangeeta (name changed), separated from husband, had been staying on the ground floor of the quarters allotted to her father. Due to billing dispute, the electricity connection to her place was snapped by Spanco a couple of days ago.Staying on the first floor of the same quarters, Tihade was learnt to have provided an electric connection to Sangeeta from the room which was occupied by his mother-in-law. After this unwarranted help to the woman by Tihade came to fore, his mother-in-law started protesting it.Police said Tihade's mother-in-law and wife also doubted Tihade having an affair with Sangeeta. This brought the two families in the line of clashing. Tihade's mother-in-law charged Sangeeta with making undue advances towards her son-in-law. Later, Tihade came to know about the incident and started abusing Sangeeta. Police said that Tihade also barged into the woman's room and allegedly touched her in an indecent manner. This led to a high drama. The police control room was alerted which directed Sakkardara police to intervene. It is learnt that Sangeeta has already left the place with her belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-02"}
