{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127367", "title": "Goldsmiths struggle to survive as demand dips", "text": "JAIPUR: Jagga Bengali, a 62-year-old goldsmith at Badi Chaupar, is the sole breadwinner for his family of five. In the absence of work, Jagga is doing odd jobs to make both ends meet.\"We get work from the jewellers and are paid for each gram of gold that we work on. In April, the 21-day long strike by traders hit us hard. Now, it's the soaring gold prices that have left us with no work. The situation has turned grim for us,\" rued Jagga.On an average, a goldsmith earns anywhere between Rs 5,000-Rs6,000 a month after putting in 14 hours of work everyday. Most of these artisans come from families that have been pursuing this profession for generations. Not trained in any other vocation, these artisans have no other avenue for additional income.With the jewellery industry facing rough weather, the goldsmiths are unemployed with several opting to leave the industry to return home.\"The cuts and finishing of ornaments needs great precision and skill. It's a demanding job. Unfortunately, due to the bad times, some of my fellow artisans have left the profession. I hope they come back when the situation turns better,\" said Jagga.Jagga's not a singular case. The jewellery industry in the state has been reeling under the impact of several back-to-back events, and those at the bottom of the ladder have been the hit the hardest.Manuhari Bist, who has been in the business for the past 17 years, is struggling to survive. \"I came to Jaipur when I was just 14 years old. I have been supporting my family with whatever little I am earning here. So far, it was a comfortable journery as every month I was able to save up to Rs 5000. However, from April I have not been able to send money back home. There is no work,\" he said.The Swarnkar Association in the city though is optimistic. Nandu Soni, a member of the association, said, \"We will support our artisans in tough times. It is true that there is not much work but I hope the situation will improve. Business may be low because of less demand and low imports but Indians will not stop buying just because gold is expensive. Gold is a part of our culture and tradition\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128912", "title": "Oral cancer big killer in Central India: Study", "text": "NAGPUR: The five biggest killers in Central India are cancers of mouth, breast, cervix, lungs and stomach, in that order, according to the observations of city-based RST Regional Cancer Hospital. One would imagine better facilities would bring down the incidence as well as the mortality associated with cancer. Numbers, however, tell a sad story. 2011 has seen a steep rise in deaths caused by the disease.According to the registries of the patients in the region, 25% of the patients suffered from oral cancer, while a little more than 12% had breast or cervical cancer. The number of people suffering from lung cancer has seen a rise with around 7% cancer patients suffering from it, followed by stomach cancer that affected more than 6% of the patients.\"We were expecting high numbers of oral cancer patients as it is known to cause 40% per cent of cancer nationally along with breast and cervical cancers. What was surprising though was the high incidence of lung and stomach cancers as well, the number of people affected by which were very less until a few years ago,\" said hospital joint director Dr BK Sharma.According to the ICMR report, based on data collected from 27 cancer registries including RST Regional Cancer Hospital, there were 9.8 lakh new cancer cases in the country in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kurnool", "code": "13126882", "title": "Kiran Kumar to continue as Andhra CM till 2014: Botsa", "text": "KURNOOL: In what is sure to embolden Kiran Kumar Reddy a month ahead of the bypolls, Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) chief Botsa Satyanarayana on Sunday said that Kiran would continue as the CM till 2014 elections. Botsa also dismissed reports that the high command was planning for a new CM after the bypolls.Speaking to newsmen here before leaving for the campaign in Yemmiganur assembly constituency, Botsa said that such comments were being made only to demoralise the Congress cadres.He said Kiran would lead the government till 2014 elections and expressed the hope that people would teach a lesson to YSR Congress candidates in the byelections.Accusing YSR Congress Party president Jaganmohan Reddy of imposing elections for the sake of attaining power, Botsa slammed the YSR Congress leaders for trying to claim ownership of welfare schemes being implemented by the ruling party. The PCC chief said the CBI was probing the disproportionate assets case against Jagan and that neither the government nor the Congress had any role in the probe.It may be recalled that Kiran himself had said that he would continue as chief minister till 2014 while addressing a Prajapatham programme in Rayachoti in Kadapa district on April 23.Meanwhile, tension prevailed in Yemmiganur when YSR Congress workers tried to remove the party flags, flexis and banners of Congress at an election meeting addressed by Botsa. Congress activists clashed with the YSR Congress workers. Before the situation could go out of control, police entered the scene and dispersed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129246", "title": "Knowledge is business", "text": "Thomas S Robertson, Dean and Reliance Professor of Management and Private Enterprise, Wharton School-University of Pennsylvania, US, talks to Malini Sen on the school's new brand campaign to highlight its strategic goals - innovation, social impact and global presenceWharton already enjoys a position of being among the top business schools in the world, so why was the need felt for a newly-minted brand campaign? A good brand, which we are, continues to evolve. When I returned to Wharton as Dean in 2007, I made it a priority to understand our brand identity as perceived among our multiple constituencies. The objective was to get at the heart of what Wharton represents and then to communicate in a consistent manner. What resulted from this exploration with faculty and stakeholders is that Wharton stands for creating knowledge with consequence for the world. What does the school want to achieve through this new campaign? Recruiting more/ better students, a stronger presence in the global job market with better positions / packages for alumni? We want to maintain our pre-eminent position in the world - to be known as the best business school in the world. Our Knowledge for Action positioning gives us the language we need, as a community, to consistently communicate our strengths worldwide. We are known for rigorous research, dynamic teaching and thoughtful leadership. Our students and faculty are innovative, think globally, and strive to be a force for good in the world. We take the knowledge we create and disseminate it into the workplace with the intent of enhancing economic and social welfare. We strive to have impact on the environment and the world around us. 'Knowledge is the business of Wharton' is the tagline, can you elaborate? Actually, the campaign platform consists of 'Knowledge for ...' a foundation that is flexible enough to encompass the breadth and depth of Wharton's knowledge and its impact on the world. Therefore, Knowledge for Global Impact can be used to describe our extensive executive education programming abroad, or Knowledge for Life can be used for our vast alumni network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13126864", "title": "Jagan assets case: CBI team in Kurnool", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-member CBI team is in Kurnool to serve the summons to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy to appear before the trial court at Nampally on May 28 in the assets case that is being probed by the investigation agency.As per the summons, Jagan and the 12 other accused in the case have to appear before principal special judge at 10 am on the appointed day. \"The two CBI officials have been instructed to personally serve the summons to Jagan. They are not to hand it over to any of his aides. And if he chooses to refuse to accept, he should give the same in writing,\" a CBI official told TOI on Sunday.The CBI team left Hyderabad by road on Saturday and has reached Kurnool, sources said. On Sunday, the YSR Congress chief addressed election meetings in Nandavaram under Yemmiganur constituency which is one of the 18 assembly seats where bypolls are scheduled to be held on June 12. Jagan was due to halt for the night at Yerrakota at a friend's guest house and tour Gonagandla and other mandals in Yemmiganur.In his meetings, Jagan has been alleging that the CBI case against him is a political witchhunt and that it is a result of match-fixing between the ruling Congress and the opposition TDP. However, the YSR Congress leader has said that he would appear before the CBI court on May 28 as per the summons served on him.According to the CBI sources, all the 13 accused including Jagan would be served the summons by Monday. The summons were served after the CBI court took cognizance of the first chargesheet filed in the assets case by the investigation agency on March 31 this year. Jagan is accused number one in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128283", "title": "Kolkata joins big boys' club, Harley-Davidson zooms in", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a mean machine, a scorcher on the road that every two-wheeler enthusiast dreams to cruise on. For it's beauty, power and style rolled into one, they swear. Soon, a select group of Kolkatans will be riding the big daddy of bikes - Harley-Davidson. Born in the USA, the auto giant launched its first showroom in Kolkata on Sunday and has already got close to 20 bookings for the super bike that's priced between Rs 5.60 lakh and Rs 35.60 lakh in India.Zubin Songadwala, the GM of ITC Sonar, is one of the first Kolkatans to lay his hands on the Harley. He says it's a dream come true. \"The last time I rode a bike was almost 20 years back. Now I shall ride one again because it is a Harley-Davidson. I might plan a long ride once I get accustomed to it,\" he added. Songadwala has bought a 'Forty Eight' model which costs Rs 8.65 lakh.\"I had booked the bike a few days back. I have got it finally and I can't wait to have a feel,\" he said. The lanky executive now drives a Toyota Corolla , but the Harley Davidson is very special to him, he says. He used to ride a Yezdi 20 years back and since then, he has nurtured the Harley dream. \"Nothing compares to the Harley,\" he gushed.Rana Roychowdhury, a multinational executive, has booked an Iron 883 of Harley that costs Rs 6.60 lakh. \"I am chasing a Harley for the last five years. First I thought I would buy one from Delhi when it opened a showroom in 2010. But then I heard that it is coming to our city,\" he said. Roychowdhury used to ride Yamaha 350, once a popular high-end bike in India, till 10 years back. Now he drives a Ford Fiesta. \"Harley is more like a passion for me,\" he added.Managing director of Harley-Davisdson India Anoop Prakash admits that the response in Kolkata has been unexpected. \"This is the first showroom in the eastern region and we have already got a good number of bookings,\" he added. According to him, Harley has sold over 1,000 bikes in India over the last 22 months. The showroom in Kolkata is the eighth in the country.Adarsh Tulshan, the proprietor of Bengal Harley Davidson, the dealer of the super bike in the city, said they are already fully booked for May. \"From now on we shall take bookings for June delivery only. We have got bookings for different ranges of Harley Davidson from Rs 5.60 lakh to Rs 23 lakh,\" he added.Harley-Davidson officials are surprised to see that there are enough people in the city who are willing to ride a bike at the cost of a sedan or even a Mercedes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128599", "title": "Flashback Kolkata", "text": "From its clarity, the picture could have been clicked yesterday. The crossing is unmistakable and so is the mosque in the corner. Ditto for the tram tracks, emerging from the bottom-left-hand side of the picture - evidently from the Esplanade tram depot - and disappearing into Lenin Sarani.But wait a minute. Now, when has Dharmatala looked so deserted? And what is that 'Hurry Dass...' signboard doing at the crossing? And, if you can make out the gas lamppost, there's no further room for doubt. This is the city we know so well, yet it is not. It's Kolkata all right, but from a different era - exactly a century back, to be precise.This picture of the Tipu Sultan mosque is among the 178 developed from glass plate negatives found in a shoebox at the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland (RCAHMS) in Edinburgh last year. \"The shoebox was found by our head of collections, Lesley Ferguson, at the back of a shelf in our negative store during the re-housing of glass plates, of which we have several thousand,\" wrote Clare Sorensen, architectural historian at RCAHMS, in an email.Though most of the photographs reveal nothing about the possible date when they were taken, some nighttime images show important buildings of the city, like the then 'new' Bengal Club, the Royal Insurance Building, the Ochterlony Monument (now Sahid Minar), the Writers' Buildings and the GPO, brilliantly lit. The H Hobbs &amp; Co building at 4 Esplanade East even sports the words 'Long Live The King Emperor', which indicates that the photographs were possibly taken during King George V and Queen Mary's visit to Calcutta in 1912 - \"the only visit by a British monarch to India as Emperor of the subcontinent\", as the RCAHMS website mentions.\"The pictures are remarkably good and capture the British rule in all its elaborateness and expansiveness,\" says historian Barun De, who Sorensen had consulted when he was in Edinburgh last year.Some of the pictures, however, could have been taken on a later date, writes Sorensen. \"The glass plates were wrapped in torn strips of The Statesman newspaper from early 1914, so it's possible that some of the photographs could date from nearer 1914. We can date the Calcutta night time images to early 1912 because of the words lit up on the buildings, but none of the other images give us a clue to an exact date.... It's one of the mysteries,\" she wrote.Though most of the images were taken in Kolkata, some were clicked in Odisha while the locations of some remain unknown. In the city, the photographer chose among his subjects the Maidan, the Hooghly and its ghats, and Muharram processions. 'Lathi khela' seems to have intrigued the photographer who devoted four plates to capturing the mock fights.Other pictures of the Maidan capture large groups of pilgrims - men, women and children - some with bundles on their heads, mostly seated on the grass or near a tank, amid a fair-like atmosphere. The Maidan appears to have been a particularly busy place - one where grains, sweets and different kinds of wares were sold.\"It's fascinating how the Maidan has remained a centre of activity for a hundred years. The pilgrims could have been headed for Gangasagar as the time of the royal visit coincided with the annual fair,\" suggests S V Raman, programme consultant of Victoria Memorial Hall.Historian Tapan Raychaudhuri, too, finds the \"continuity\" of life around the Maidan, Dalhousie (BBD Bag) area and the ghats \"striking\". \"These areas don't seem to have altered much over a hundred years though south Kolkata has undergone drastic changes in 60 or 70 years,\" he points out.Muharram was another favourite subject, with 19 pictures capturing the journey of the processions down several alleys of the city - with onlookers thronging terraces and balconies and policemen keeping watch. \"The elaborate processions suggest that Muharram wasn't merely a religious event. It was more of a social event, just like Durga Puja - something that also speaks volumes of our composite culture,\" says Chittaranjan Panda, former secretary and curator of Victoria Memorial Hall.So, who was this photographer who had such keen eye for an alien culture? It's another mystery. \"We are assuming that he or she is Scottish because the material came here within a wider collection of Scottish material. It has been suggested that they may be able to speak Bengali as there looks to have been some communication between photographer and subjects in some images. There were a large number of Scots connected to education and missionary work as well as the jute trade and other industry...,\" wrote Sorensen.Whoever he/she was, the photographer's \"keen eye for the life of common people and street activity\", as Raman mentions, is undeniable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128698", "title": "Pigs terrorise Indira Nagar residents, attack stray dogs", "text": "CHENNAI: People in Indira Nagar near Adyar have found themselves plagued by a large herd of stray swine and they fear the animals could give them diseases far worse than the flu.Apart from their worry that the pigs are carriers of dangerous diseases, residents say they stay away from the animals because they sometimes act aggressively. Despite repeated complaints to the corporation, nothing has been done about the problem in the locality. People in the area said the pigs have gathered in a vacant site owned by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board and it has become a breeding ground for the animals.\"Several months have passed since we lodged the first complaint with the corporation,\" said Jagannathan Venkatesan, who lives on 4th Avenue, Indira Nagar. \"The civic body has taken no action so to remove the pigs. We first had a stray dog problem, now pigs have made the place a mess.\"He said the pigs at times even attack and injure stray dogs and could bite people in the area like the rabid pig that bit two golfers and a washerman in Nandanam in February.\"Commuters face a lot of problems because of the pigs. There are at least 50 pigs in the locality and they come out after the sun sets. When the streetlights are not working it is worse because if the pigs attack people on the road, they wouldn't see it coming to be able to take evasive action,\" Venkatesan said.Some residents suspect that pig breeders have left the animals there. City chief health officer P Kuganantham said the corporation would remove the pigs from the area. \"We will direct officials to take steps to solve the problem,\" he said.A senior official said that the corporation did not have any pig catchers, but said the civic body is drawing up a plan to rid localities of stray pigs without having to kill any of the animals. \"We had pig catchers earlier but some NGOs strongly opposed stray pigs being rounded up by the corporation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132843", "title": "Why do we need expensive eye cream?", "text": "Eye creams are very costly nowadays but do we really need them?Should an eye cream cost Rs 25,000 or more? Is an expensive eye cream really worth paying big bucks for?That's the buzz in beauty circles as newer eye creams have arrived on the scene, each more expensive than the last. A certain eye cream that is infused with platinum costs the earth as also other newer creams that contain all kinds of amazing ingredients. While eye creams were earlier only derived from fruit, natural oils, algae, trees etc, today they are being laced with very expensive ingredients which add to the cost.But the big question is, do women need such expensive eye creams, at all or any eye cream at all? Most beauty experts say that it is very important to use an eye cream, but your choice of product should depend more on what your concern is, not on what you are willing to spend on it. For some people, even Vaseline will do to keep the eye area moisturised while other women might need something far more concentrated. But a well known beauty experts feels it is not a great idea to spend so much money on an eye cream unless the products are truly miraculous and if so, it has to prove itself over time.When you choose an eye cream, do so by first taking a long, hard look in the mirror. If you need depuffing around the eye area, choose a product with a depuffing agent like caffeine, chamomile or cucumber. If you need help with dark circles, use a retinol based cream at night. If it's only protection that you need, buy an eye cream that contains sunscreen.It is important to remember not to buy a product only in accordance to its price. If you have serious eye area concerns, a very expensive eye cream might just be what you need. But do a market survey first and revisit your mirror before buying any eye cream in the store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13127877", "title": "House tax department to handle bills", "text": "LUDHIANA: There may soon be an end to all the running around for water and sewerage bills as municipal authorities are mulling the idea of handing over the responsibility to the house tax department to reduce confusion and ensure that bills are dispatched on time. Officials have submitted a proposal to the MC commissioner that starting this financial year house tax department should distribute water and sewerage bills along with house tax bills. The sanction is still awaited.Residents with houses on 125 square yards have to pay water and sewerage charges while house tax is charged for commercial usage of property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130613", "title": "Beating summers, Rawal style", "text": "Paresh Rawal is a man who believes that health is wealth, and it's no surprise then that he found a novel way to beat the heat on the sets of Percept Pictures' Kamaal DhamaalMalamaal being directed by Priyadarshan. In Wai and at Film City, where the actors had to shoot in a subzi mandi, complete with veggies all around, Rawal would munch on cucumbers all through the day to keep himself cool in the sweltering heat. At first, his co-actors Nana Patekar , Om Puri and Shreyas Talpade preferred to only watch Rawal much on the cucumbers, but soon they too followed suit and cucumbers became the norm on the set.While the actors shared their healthy bite of veggies on the sets, their off-screen chemistry also reflected onscreen in their scenes. In fact, when Om and Shreyas had to enact a mock fight scene, Nana pretended to fight over cucumbers to an onlooker who bit into Nana's joke and fell for it, making it hilarious for everyone present there. It seems that on this particular set, good health, leads to some good kamaal and some amazing dhamaal for Priyan's entire team!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128173", "title": "Karnataka cops violated law: Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has expressed strong resentment to his Karnataka counterpart Sadanand Gowda regarding the manner in which the Karnataka police arrested a Bangalore blast suspect from a Darbhanga village without informing the local police and subsequently took him to Ranchi for production before a court there. This is a blatant violation of the procedure of law, he said.In a hard-hitting three-page letter to Gowda on Saturday, a copy of which was released to the media on Sunday, Nitish said it is surprising that the arrested person was taken to Ranchi in Jharkhand for his production before the CJM's court, which has no jurisdiction over the arrest made in Bihar.Nitish urged Gowda to see to it that such violations of law are not repeated in future. \"The failure on part of the Karnataka police to follow the basic rules attracts suitable legal and administrative consequences,\" he said.A Karnataka crime branch team visited Darbhanga on May 5 and arrested Mohd Kafil Akhtar from his village Barh Samaila under the Keoti police station on May 6 at 1.30pm. Akhtar was later produced before the Ranchi CJM's court on May 7 for his suspected involvement in a terror blast outside the Chinnaswamy Cricket Stadium, Bangalore, just before the IPL match on April 17, 2010.Gowda had earlier said that the Karnataka police deliberately acted in a secret manner as there was all possibility of the blast suspect making good his escape once his arrest was made known to the local police.\"There should be no apprehension in the mind of any visiting police officer of any state about the professional integrity and commitment of senior police officers in Darbhanga,\" Nitish said, adding that Darbhanga is not only the district headquarters of police, but also the range and zonal headquarters of police with a range DIG and zonal IG stationed there.Nitish further said, \"The inappropriate action of the Karnataka police officers could have led to serious repercussions pertaining to the breach of law and order. Besides, the move could have also endangered the safety and security of the visiting Karnataka police officers.\"Gowda had informed Nitish that Akhtar's arrest was made in accordance with a case registered under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, 1967. Nitish quoted Section 43-B(2) of the Act which stipulates: \"Every person arrested and articles seized under Section 43-A shall be forwarded without unnecessary delay to the officer in charge of the nearest police station.\"Nitish also took exception to Akhtar being taken to Ranchi (425 km from Darbhanga) on the pretext of catching a flight to Bangalore when Patna (130 km from Darbhanga) was the nearest airport. \"It is surprising why anyone would go to the Ranchi airport to catch a flight for Bangalore when the flight for the same destination was available at the Patna airport. What is further intriguing is the fact that the Karnataka police decided to produce the accused in the court of a judicial magistrate of another state, Jharkhand.\"\"I will write a letter to home minister P Chidamabaram as well in this regard,\" Nitish told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128898", "title": "Trickster defrauding decorators nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police nabbed a con artist on Sunday with a unique modus operandi to deceive traders in the business of decoration. Chandrashekar Mudliar was trapped and stolen materials worth around Rs 1.10 lakh recovered from him. Police said that Mudliar had duped around 18 traders in the decoration business.Mudliar would introduce himself as a client and identify himself with a fictitious name. Having won the faith of the trader, Mudliar would pretend to book utensils and other materials for a marriage or similar programme at his place. He would take the utensils and leave. The traders would be left waiting for him to return, which he never did.The cops have also seized the bike which Mudliar used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129322", "title": "Kidnappers demand Rs 10 lakh for boy's release", "text": "KANPUR: An eleven-year-old boy was kidnapped by a group of persons from Budhwakheda village in Bidhnoo. Gulshan, son of Ram Shanker Prajapati, was kidnapped on May 11 when he was playing outside his house. The boy's father lodged a complaint with the Bidhnoo police on Sunday when he received a call demanding Rs 10 lakh as ransom for his son's release.\"The caller said that the boy missing since May 11, was in his custody and demanded Rs 10 lakh for his release,\" the police said.Police are trying to verify the telephone number.Body found: The body of a woman, aged between 55 and 60 years, was found with strangulation marks on her neck in the fields near Uttaripura village in Billhaur on Sunday.The Billhaur police said that some locals saw the body lying in the agricultural fields. Cops suspect that the woman was killed elsewhere and body dumped in the field. There was a dupatta wrapped around her neck, which suggested that she was strangulated to death. A murder case has been registered.The policemen are checking the missing persons complaints in Billhaur and nearby areas to establish the woman's identity. They suspect that she lived in some village closed to the site where her body was found.The woman was wearing black 'kurta' and red 'salwar'. She might have been killed in the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128286", "title": "Exit cars, enter community bonding", "text": "PANAJI: One of Panaji's busiest roads took a day off from its grueling schedule and donned a party hat as friends and families comprising the old and the young descended upon it for a few hours of community bonding on Sunday. Enthusiastic policemen studiously kept vehicles at bay as cyclists, skaters, pedestrians, quizzers and artists made the road their own, under the silent, peaceful gaze of Campal's famously shady trees.Even the birds, usually happy to poop on random passers-by below, disciplined themselves for those few hours as people from in and around Panaji dragged themselves out of bed on a Sunday morning and gathered at the stretch of road between Kala Academy and 2 Signal Training Centre. While the entire section was cordoned off, most of the activity was concentrated along side the Konkan Fruit Fest in Campal, which provided added impetus to the citizens' initiative by diverting attention during those inevitable drab moments. The rest of the open road was put to good use by first-timers trying their luck with roller-skating.The event, conceptualized by 'Aamchi Panaji' to deal with excessive vehicular movement in the capital city, was wholeheartedly backed by the Corporation of the City of Panaji. Its success was largely due to an enthusiastic citizenry who assembled there with all kinds of things-bicycles, tricycles, roller skates, badminton rackets and cricket bats. The Sunday Evening Quiz Club conducted an informal quiz that had its participants sprawled on the open road; enthusiastic young cricketers turned the road stretch outside the old GMC building into a temporary pitch; somewhere down the road, a badminton game was in progress. Cycling and skating novices were given a heads-up from more experienced folk, and those standing around the quiz group exercised their grey matter.And it wasn't just adults; kids, too, pranced happily along the road. While their parents browsed through the Konkan fruit fest buying squashes and home-made wines , bicycles and tricycles emerged as their young riders made the most of the open space. A small stall dished out free goodies to anyone that cared to stop by; little children moved around on tricycles; a bicycle club organized a slow cycling race.Several people TOI spoke to expressed their desire that this should be made a regular event. But getting people together was not an unintentional consequence. \"Our aim is to make Panaji a better city,\" said Tallulah D'Silva of 'Amchi Panaji'. \"And part of the plan is to get people together and to get them to know each other.\"Those who missed it, fret not. 'Aamchi Panaji' is planning a similar NoMoZo on June 18 on a famous street in Panaji. Guessing which street it is isn't really that difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13126853", "title": "Online filing of FIRs to be introduced in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: After Panchkula and Ambala, Gurgaon is all set to introduce the system of online filing of FIRs and a pilot project of the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS) will be launched soon.According to sources, police stations across the city will have the facility in place by the end of this month. The ministry of Home Affairs has approved funds amounting to Rs 31.39 crore for the implementation of CCTNS project in the state.\"The aim of this system is to facilitate collection, storage, retrieval, analysis, transfer and sharing of data and information at the police station and also, between the police station and the state headquarters and the central police organizations,\" said a senior police officer about CCTNS.\"The process of online filing of FIRs will prove to be a very important and helpful system for us. A technical team is ensuring that right infrastructure is in place at city police stations for the successful implementation of the system\", said K K Sindhu, Commissioner of police, Gurgaon.According to the project scheme, each police station will have a modern, well-equipped reporting cum CCTNS room, which will be full air conditioned. In fact, the rooms will have two air conditioners, six computers with printers and fax and scanning machines will also be installed. To avoid hassles faced during power cuts, a 5 KV generator will also be installed in every police station. As a part of the scheme, the SHO and the investigation officer will also be given laptops.Apart from this, a senior police officer said that all police stations in the state will be connected to one another and the police headquarters. Police will be able to maintain records of crimes or criminals on a centralized server which can be accessed by a Station House Officer. This facility will be provided in the all 270 police stations of Haryana.\"CCTNS intends to create a national databank of crime and criminals and their biometric profiles. This database will be connected to databases of other agencies of the criminal justice system like courts, jails, immigration and passport authorities. It would subsequently be extended to other national agencies through the NATGRID so that crime can be fought more professionally\", said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132125", "title": "Aamir Khan\u2019s a worrisome Dad!", "text": "'It took him 11 years to say no'. This one line sums up the story of a child sexual abuse victim who was repeatedly raped by his relative for 11 years on yesterday's episode of 'Satyamev Jayate'. Host Aamir Khan touched upon the delicate topic of child sexual abuse that is seldom spoken about openly in our country.In his introduction, Aamir cited concern for his children and how he was always worried about their welfare. Aamir choose to highlight this theme because he was concerned that the children of our country were not well protected. In a shocking revelation, Cindrella Prakash from Mumbai confessed to being abused by a family friend old enough to be her grandfather's age, a man who was also worshipped by her mother. The tender cindrella at the age of 12 was repeatedly touched by this 55 year old man and eventually, her body gave up!In a similar case, Harish Iyer from Mumbai was repeatedly abused by his own uncle for 11 years from the time he was 6 \u00bd until the age of 18. What followed was a heart wrenching story of boy who could not scream for help because his mother refused to believe him. Harish, an ardent Sridevi fan, sought refuge from his pain by taking inspiration from the actress who always manages to defeat the villains in her movies. The show then highlighted the impact such incidents had on child's psyche. Nazneen from Bangalore was abused at the age of 13 until her mother intervened. But what followed was an addiction to drugs and alcohol leading to severe depression and suicidal tendencies. Designer Ganesh was also sexually abused as a child and till date has not been able to enter a relationship.Furthermore, most children who were the unfortunate victims of this heinous crime were well aware of their abusers and were people commonly known to them. Another eye opening observation was that most children were scared to open up to their parents for fear of not being believed or being reprimanded by the abusers as was the case with Harish Iyer. And much to the audience's surprise, 53% of child sexual abuse victims are boys, as revealed in a government survey conducted in 2007. Anuja Gupta of RAHI NGO was brought in who shared the thought process behind a child's delicate psyche and encouraged parents to believe their children when they spoke up about such incidents. Clinical psychologist Dr. Rajat Mitra, who has been helping the Delhi police for 8 years in dealing with child sexual abusers, had shocking things to say. His interaction with the pedophiles revealed that most abusers felt no guilt and thought that their act was right. They also treated children as adults and studied their entire movement before approaching their targets.Dr Rajat gave tips on how to recognize pedophiles his final message to the children was: respect a person's behavior, not their age! Dr. Rajat has been supporting 1098- a children's helpline which also happens to be the world' largest child helpline. Currently operating in 200 cities, 1098 will reach 630 districts by next year and within 1 hour of calling, help is given to the child. Through his show, Aamir has also written a letter appealing to the government to pass a bill on child sexual abuse which is currently pending in parliament. In a surprise element, he brought on Sridevi to cheer Harish up and support him in his cause by making her the first person to sign the letter. He also urged audiences to do their bit by sending an sms where the money collected would go towards the 1098 helpline.Towards the end, the episode had a few light moments when Aamir conducted a workshop for children and educated them on the difference between a good and bad touch. But the pace dropped in many instances and also got a bit boring. Ram Sampat's beautiful and intense composition could have been more cheerful in an effort to brighten up everybody's mood. But overall, the episode was a success and the topic of child sexual abuse was very much needed to jolt the public. Full credit must be given to Aamir Khan for raising awareness and highlighting a taboo topic. As a conscientious citizen, he speaks on behalf of every Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13128877", "title": "Much before the act, NGOs got into action", "text": "BANGALORE: Shivasagar Rudresh lost his parents in an accident in 2001. Shiva, then studying in class II and nine years old, had nobody to take care of his studies. Unattended , Shiva discontinued his studies and became a rag-picker to sustain himself.\"Christel House spotted me in 2003. I was a dropout by that time,\" says Shiva, who is in II PU now and awaiting his results.\"I want to be a doctor. The confidence that I have gained has been instilled by Christel House. Since the day they brought me here, I have been provided with free education,\" says Shiva, who has also been assisted by the organization in writing entrance tests like the one for Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC) and CET.Shubham Karar, now with Sneha Sadan Boys' home, has a similar story to narrate. The boy was rescued by Sneha Sadan after he had to discontinue his studies owing to his family's financial crisis.\"I was in class VII when problems started piling up, endangering my studies. I was taken in by Sneha Sadan, which, with assistance from the Smile Foundation, ensured that I continued my studies. I am in Class X now and aspire to be an engineer,\" says Shubham.There are hundreds like Shiva and Shubham who have been helped to realize their right to quality education even before the government woke up with the Right to Education (RTE) Act. And the helping hand was given by a handful of organizations who took upon themselves the responsibility of educating children picked up from streets and orphanages.One such organization is Smile Foundation. \"Working in Karnataka since 2006, 3,215 children have benefited from our endeavour till date. When it comes to the children who have been put in the mainstream so far, the number is 700. We have been working on the same lines as RTE, the only difference is, we did not wait for any bill to be passed,\" says Smita Kalappa , national director, Child For Child, Smile Foundation.These NGOs are a step ahead when it comes to secondary and higher education. \"We do not pull out after elementary education, but go beyond . We ensure that a child studies till PUC and gets a job to earn his or her livelihood. We achieve this with the help of vocational training courses ,\" says Smita.Another such NGO is Christel House. Launched a decade ago, the NGO has 916 children at its Bangalore centre. \"We take in children from surrounding slums, shelters and low-income neighbourhoods. Currently, we have 444 boys and 472 girls who are getting free education. We also have facilities like laboratories, art rooms, libraries, sports grounds and medical assistance,\" says Raju Shahani of Christel House.For NGOs like Friends of Tribals Society, lack of schools in villages was not a deterrent. Covering 1,530 villages across Karnataka, the society even set up schools in areas that lacked one.\"When we started working in Karnataka seven years ago, our only aim was to educate children irrespective of limitations. We came across villages without schools and teachers, but we kept going. We appointed trained teachers and ensured that children got education through evening classes conducted six days a week. Currently, we are covering as many as 22,000 children in Karnataka,\" says KK Mallya, secretary, Friends of Tribals Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13126898", "title": "Vigilance probe on Greater Noida babus", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The three Greater Noida Authority general managers, whose offices and residences were raided by income tax sleuths on Friday, have been shunted out and posted in the DCEO's office. The Authority has also sought the findings of the IT department and has initiated a vigilance probe against the babus.Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, said, \"The concerned officers, Ravindra Singh (GM, industries), SSA Rizvi (GM, projects) and Lalit Vikram (GM, finance), have been removed from their posts.\" The IT department teams reportedly seized a large number documents and files but they did not disclose the details with the Authority. \"If our vigilance probe finds them guilty, legal action will be taken against them,\" Raman added.The industrial and infrastructure development commissioner, A K Gupta, had also asked the authorities to initiate punitive action against those officers whose names figure in the list of IT department.There are allegations that the accused officials gave undue clearance to projects, land allotment, tenders and payment to builders. The raids were said to have been conducted following complaints of irregularities in projects and amassing wealth more than the known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126879", "title": "Corporates sweat out on the final day of football tourney", "text": "COIMBATORE: They made sure that they were not bogged down by the daily nitty-gritty's of the corporate work pressure and decided to give themselves time to sweat it on the grounds. This was the sight on second day of the Corporate football challenge (CFC) tournament here in the city on Sunday.The tournament that has been organised by the Coimbatore Times in association with the Nehru group of institutions at the football ground outside Nehru Stadium near the VOC Park ended today. The companies including Ugam Solutions, Xavy Technologies, Bosch and Cognizant reached the semi-finals.The finals saw Cognizant winning the trophy against Xavy Technologies. Rakesh KG, HR Manager at Xavy was the goal keeper and captain of his team. He said that this was a time for them to come to know each other better.The players felt the tournament gave them the chance to come out of their hectic schedules and spend some time with each other. \"We were usually tied down to our daily work. This was the time to improve team work and communication with each other,\" he said.Hema Karunagaran, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), of Coimbatore city gave away the prizes and said that such tournaments are necessary to help the working people unwind themselves and be healthy. \"This is a time to relax and be healthy in between a busy schedule,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133850", "title": "Sudeep won't do Kick", "text": "The buzz is that Upendra will feature in the remake of Kick, to be helmed by Indrajit LankeshFor over two years, it was believed that Kichcha Sudeep would star in the remake of Ravi Teja's hit Kick in Kannada. After all, Sudeep has in the past, successfully remade Ravi's Vikramarkudu as Veera Madhakari.But it now appears that Sudeep, who is slated to start work on Shashank's Bachchan and a P Harsha film once he finishes work on Varadhanayaka, and is also believed to be directing a project at the moment, will not after all do Kick. According to the latest buzz in Gandhinagar , the remake has now been offered to Upendra, to be directed by Indrajit Lankesh.\" Yes , I have been offered to direct Kick with Upendra, but it has not been finalized yet. After the BO failure of my earlier film, I am still trying to figure out what I should do next - what the public wants onscreen or what I want? The problem with remaking Kick is that it is being made in Hindi too, with Salman Khan and that film will be made on a much larger scale. Naturally, comparisons will be made, so I am still undecided whether to do it or not,\" says Indrajit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13128651", "title": "A new way to track crime scene invaders", "text": "LONDON: In a big aid to detectives faced with investigating gruesome crimes, a leading Italian forensic scientist claims to have built up data that may help determine whether marks on a dead body were due to violence or work of insects which moved in after death. Dr Stefano Vanin at University of Huddersfield says that tiny creatures very often can cause lesions to a corpse which closely resemble injuries left by a human assailant. For example, ants which clamber over a dead body's face can deposit marks which mimic the effects of a punch.It is vital that detectives are quickly able to separate post-mortem insect damage from wounds that were caused before death by a killer , he says. Dr Vanin is building up a body of knowledge about the various ways in which insects can distort crime scenes. This time he investigates the damage caused to dead bodies that are found underwater, where they are preyed on by aquatic creatures . It was the retrieval of the body of a 28-year-old man in in Italy, that provided Dr Vanin with the opportunity to add another piece to his jigsaw of knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128521", "title": "To sir, with love, Rs 50 as salary", "text": "RANCHI: Even as teachers in various schools and colleges are demanding the implementation of the sixth pay commission, there are teachers here who are willing to work on nominal wages. This is evident at the Sarna Secondary School, where teachers only think of the welfare of students and not their salary.The teachers are getting only Rs 50 per month as salary since the school was set up in 1970 by CCL and the Upper Bazaar wholesale dealers' association to provide education to the children of slum areas of Hatma.Two BEd pass teachers were appointed initially on Rs 50 per month. Since then, these teachers have taken up education of poor students as a mission.Principal Parvati Toppo said, \"When I joined I had no idea that my salary would never be increased. Many times I thought of quitting but when I look at these children I wonder who will teach them if I leave.\"The happiest day for these teachers is Independence Day when they get a consolidated sum of Rs 600 as salary for 12 months. Toppo said, \"Earlier, CCL used to give us salary but they stopped a few years ago. Now, the wholesale dealers' association gives us the salary on Independence Day.\"The president of the association, P C Sethi, said he has not been in contact with the teachers for a long time and cannot comment. \"Somebody might have come and taken the salary from me but I have not met them personally. Our ancestors opened the school and we are just paying the salary,\" said Sethi.When the school was opened, more than 200 students attended classes but as time passed and government schools started coming up, the number of students started dwindling.Teacher N Xalxo said, \"Now we have only 50 students. Most students prefer to go to government schools because of the mid-day meal scheme.\"But the teachers are still hoping that someday the government will take over and then they will see better days. Xalxo said, \"If the government takes over, then the students will get better facilities and teachers will get better salaries. If this does not happen the school will cease to exist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127214", "title": "Six of gang on way to break into homes held", "text": "Mumbai: A tribal gang on its way to break into homes was stopped in its tracks by a team of Dahisar policemen, who arrested six members on Sunday morning.Realizing that their game was up when the police stopped a tempo carrying the turban-clad gang members, the accused attacked the men in khaki with choppers and injured two constables, Dilip Varhadi (33) and Shivram Bangar (36). Despite sustaining injuries on his right wrist, Varhadi managed to take out his service revolver and fire one round. The bullet hit one of the gang members, Vicky Singh Jagirsingh Kalyani (22), in the hip and he fell to the ground.Kalyani's collapse prompted the rest of the gang members to flee, but the police managed to arrest five-Amarsingh Tak, Singru Singh Tak, Raju Singh Tak, Mangal Tak and Andasingh Chikalkar.Kalyani belongs to the Chikalkar gang which used to be run by a criminal, Nada Singh Tak, who was killed by his wife in January for allegedly turning a police informer. Tak was from the Shikalgar community which, said assistant commissioner of police (Dahisar division) Sunil Deshmukh, was into the manufacture of arms and ammunition for royal families.The arrested accused are related to Tak and have cases of attempt to murder and house break-ins registered against them.Acting on a tip-off that the gang would strike in Virar, a team led by assistant police inspector Shankar Khatke was on its way to the area on Sunday morning. As the police vehicle reached Chandansar, the team spotted the tempo carrying turban-clad men. The gang saw the cops and tried to flee, but the policemen chased their vehicle and eventually intercepted them, said deputy superintendent o police Nagesh Lohar.The occupants of the tempo were asked to alight. No sooner did they get out of the tempo that the men attacked the police with choppers.The police seized the tempo and recovered two swords and an iron rod from the gang.A case of attempt to murder (307) and assault of public servant (353) has been registered against the six. Constables Varhadi and Bangar and Kalyani are being treated at Virar rural hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127182", "title": "Class XII student hangs himself", "text": "INDORE: A Class XII student reportedly hanged himself to death at Khatipura area in the early hours of Sunday. Hira Nagar police said that Rahul, 17, son of Naresh Singh, committed suicide by hanging himself in the kitchen.The boy went to sleep in his room, the night before. It was only around 4 in the morning when his mother got up and was shocked to see him hanging to the ceiling of the kitchen. She awakened the other family members and rushed the boy to a hospital, where he was declared brought dead. No suicide note was found from the spot, police said.The reason behind the extreme step taken by Rahul is yet to be found.Dowry harassment: Chandan Nagar police have booked the family members of a woman who reportedly committed suicide on May 9, after being harassed for dowry.Police said that Roshnibai, 25, resident of Ramanand Nagar, committed suicide last week. After the investigation, police have booked Roshnibai's husband Kanhaiya Lal and mother-in-law Kamlabai under the Sections 304 B and 34 of the IPC.Rape in Betul: A cab driver was arrested on charges of raping an 18-year-old girl after luring her into a hutment at Urdan village in Betul district on Saturday evening. Police said that the accomplice of the accused, a woman, has fled the spot and a search has been launched to nab her.Police said the girl belonged to the village and the accused cab driver, identified as a Mahmood, is resident of Betul town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13129056", "title": "'Filling vacancies marginally will be not enough'", "text": "MUMBAI: The government says that it is trying to reduce the pendency of cases by filling up vacancies in magistrate courts. Figures accessed through RTI queries reveal that there are currently 75 magistrate courts functioning in the city. This is an improvement on the previous two years' figures. In 2011, there were 65 working magistrate courts while three courts were vacant and, in 2010, 70 were functioning while one was vacant.Minister of state for law and judiciary Bhaskar Jadhav said, \"We have seen to it that, as much as possible, vacant posts are filled. Additionally, there are morning courts and evening courts to reduce pendency.\" Jadhav also stated that a Bombay high court committee is looking into the aspect of increasing the number of courts.In Esplanade Centre, the tally of functioning courtrooms has increased to nine in 2012 from eight the previous year. Similarly, Mazgaon Centre, which had 10 courts in 2011, now has about 13 that conduct proceedings . In Kurla Centre, the number of functioning courts too has grown by three to 13 this year. Still, city-based activists believe that this marginal increase will not solve the pendency problem.Bhagwanji Rayani of NGO Janhit Manch has been closely following the issue and says the problem exists on a national level. According to Rayani, a 2002 Supreme Court order directing the Union government to fill vacancies in subordinate courts at all levels and across all states has not been implement fully.\"In India, the ratio of judges is 10.5 per million people, while in the USA it is 107 per million people. What we need is to have a minimum of 50 judges for million people. Despite the SC ruling, this hasn't happened . While the population has been increasing, the judges' population has decreased . Currently there are 32% vacancies in the judiciary across the nation,\" he said.Times ViewThe truism, of justice being denied when it is delayed for too long, fails to describe the situation and its impact on litigants. There are signs of a turnaround-the list of pending cases has reducedbut it is not enough. The government has to come up with better solutions. One step could be to impose stringent penalty on lawyers and clients who deliberately stall resolution of a case to delay an unfavourable verdict and end up pushing back thousands of other cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131663", "title": "Thuppaki on 15 August", "text": "The latest buzz doing rounds in the industry is that Vijay starrer Thuppaki will hit the screens on 15 August.Thuppaki is an action thriller set in Mumbai. It is directed by A R Murugadoss. The two come together for the first time. Kajal Agarwal in the lead. Major portion of the movie is already completed. Music is by Harris Jeyaraj.Vijay has crooned for a song set to tunes by Harris. Interestingly under the watchful eyes of cinematographer Santosh SIvan, Vijay also shot a scene going behind the lens.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128712", "title": "Sacked geologists allege injustice in exam norm", "text": "NAGPUR: Imagine having to appear for the supplementary examination even before the result of an examination can be declared.Several geologists from the Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) had to lose their jobs over a similar discrepancy.These geologists are supposed to clear a departmental examination within three years or four chances as per the recruitment rules of their department. However, the government regulations do not put a compulsion of clearing these departmental examinations within a stipulated time period.Forty five class II officers who were at the post of junior geologists in GSDA were sacked for not being able to clear this examination earlier this month as a result of termination orders passed by Malini Shankar, principal secretary, water supply and sanitation department.To get one more chance, some geologists moved court before the order was issued and they got an interim relief as the Nagpur bench of Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) stayed the termination of six of them.While a couple of others who went to the court after the termination order was issued, have not got this relief but the MAT asked the department not to fill the posts of the expelled officers until a final decision was reached. In the same case, the Aurangabad bench directed to allow 12 of the geologists to resume duty without pay during the pendency period.\"The problem is that there is no uniformity in policies of the different government departments. In several departments, those who fail to clear these examinations are denied their annual increments and promotions but continue to work for the same department,\" said advocate TB Golhar, who defended the geologists.\"All of us have been serving the department for more than seven years now. If we had been sacked after two years of our joining date for not clearing the exams, we could have attempted the exams held in between by MPSC for the same posts or tried to get jobs elsewhere,\" said one of the victims.Now that most of those expelled have crossed the age bar for the examination, they do not have many job prospects in front of them. Ironically, most of them are from backward communities.Another geologist said, that there have been instances where a person had been given more than five chances and still continues to work with the department.Agreed one of the other complainants saying that they had been recruited in October 2005 and the first time they attempted the exam was in November 2006. Even before they knew which subjects they had cleared and which they need to appear for again, the second examination came along in October 2007.\"There was so much confusion as we still had no idea how we had fared in our first attempt and whether to appear for the second examination. Much time and effort were wasted. So, we were asking for just another chance,\" she said.What is most surprising for these scientists is being sacked at the time when the department is most active. \"Drought-like conditions are being noticed in several areas. With so many of us being expelled and no new recruitment being allowed, I wonder how the department is going to function,\" said one of the sacked geologists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128751", "title": "Blaspheming is her birthright", "text": "Kochi: \"I would like to describe myself as a woman writer obsessed with Dr Ambedkar's revolutionary message of caste annihilation\" says writer and activist Meena Kandasamy, who was in the city for the Bob Marley fest in Fort Kochi on Saturday.Author of works like Touch (2006) and Ms Militancy (2010), Meena identifies herself as one of the few writers who are \"committed to blasphemy through words and vision\".When asked about controversies that have been surrounding her, in particular about the beef eating festival which she helped to organize in Osmania University that infuriated many who abused and humiliated her, Meena retorts, \"It's quite funny. People who thought it was wrong and cruel to slaughter a cow, thought it was perfectly fine to speak about gang raping a woman and broadcasting it.\" She also believes it was a way to take away the attention from the main issue.\"It was something like 'let's abuse Meena and hide the real issue'. That is why I tried my best to keep quiet. The real issue was the need for a university to be secular. And I didn't want the focus to change. But in a way it exposed them, their fake values and morals. The world knows who they are now,\" she adds. She believes that \"isms\" do not have anything to do with love. \"When you are a feminist, you love yourself as a woman. And hence you love and respect your partner. A feminist will be a better lover,\" she says.Meena calls caste system a regimentation, and art a way to oppose it. She quotes the Tamil word \"Kalai\" for art. \"Kalai doesn't mean to put things right. It means to dismantle, to shatter. That is what an artiste should do,\" she adds. Her new novel, Gypsy Godess will be published soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128260", "title": "CPM mum on V S Achuthanandan's outburst", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state unit of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) on Sunday refused to comment on veteran leader V S Achuthanandan likening its secretary Pinarayi Vijayan to S A Dange.The party has decided against commenting on the issue until the conclusion of the Neyyattinkara bypoll on June 2.Vijayan, monitoring the party's campaign in Neyyattinkara, evaded media queries on Achuthanandan's dare-all comment. \"No one should be worried over Achuthanandan equating me with S A Dange,'' he replied. \"I have said everything yesterday and I have nothing more to add.\"The party secretary also refused comments on pro-Achuthanandan posters %appearing in several parts %of the state. Vijayan had %on Saturday advised all party leaders against responding to Achuthanandan's comments.Though the Achuthananthan issue is likely to be raised at the CPM state secretariat meeting in Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday, no crucial decision may be taken. The meeting would discuss the Neyyattinkara campaign.Meanwhile, KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala said the CPM was scared of Achuthanandan to act against him. \"Achuthanandan's press conference is a clear-cut evidence of CPM's involvement in the murder of T P Chandrashekaran,'' he said.Chennithala added that the CPM was also apprehensive of voters' response in Neyyattinkara if it took action against the veteran communist.Opposition leader Achuthanandan on Saturday had equated the rebellion within the CPM at Onchiyam with the uprising in the undivided Communist party. He had added that Vijayan's observation that the slain CPM rebel, Chandrashekharan had been a renegade was similar to that of Dange's opinion about 32 comrades who had left the CPI in 1964 to form the CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127434", "title": "Burmese refugees fear the worst", "text": "NEW DELHI: Islam Haidu (25) was blessed with a child on Saturday night. Ideally, she should have been a happy woman, surrounded by her kith and kin, complimenting her on her achievement. But instead, Haidu found herself surrounded by the ruins of a mediaeval Delhi monument. And all her pride of motherhood was stymied by the prospect of eviction, or worse, deportation to her home country, Myanmar-a place she had left, seeking asylum in India.On Sunday, TOI found Haidu crying her heart out on the edge of the main road facing the upscale Vasant Kunj. Her child, unfed and unwashed, was clung to her, oblivious to its own bleak fate. In fact, it seemed fate itself had abandoned the hundreds of Burmese refugees taking shelter, now in the capital's wilderness. They sat on the road under the scorching sun with all their belongings but no morsel of food.They alleged that cops had asked them to leave in small groups or they would be packed off to the Myanmar border. Police, on the other hand, contested the claim and said they didn't evict anyone. Nevertheless, TOI found policemen blocking any refugee movement into the ridge that leads to the 13th-century Sultan Ghari monument.Even a delegation of students led by JNU students' union president Sucheta De was denied access to the settlement inside even though they had a valid letter expressing their intent to help the refugees. \"How can they ask the refugees to leave like this? This is not the way,\" De asserted. The JNUSU members sat in a show of solidarity with the refuges at the entry to the monument all day to prevent any kind of eviction.Nearly 2,200 refugees have been living inside the monument since the last week of April after their fortnight long protest outside the UNHCR office in Vasant Vihar led to protests from residents there. But now, their stay here has also led to protests from four villages, including Rangpuri and Mahipalpur, which surround the monument. Even the ASI has lodged a police complaint against the encroachment and the space has been established as DDA land and hence government property.Zia-Ur-Rehman, a representative of the refugees told this correspondent that all they want is permission to stay on till May 15, the day UNHCR is supposed to consider their case. \"Where do we go? We came to India to save ourselves from the atrocities back home in Myanmar. All that we want is refugee status or we should be sent to some other country where we can live with dignity. But instead we are being pushed form one place to another. Now we are even being asked leave this jungle where we have been struggling without water, food and shelter. Women are delivering in the open without any access to medical aid. Are we not human beings?\" said Dildar Begum, a refugee.Meanwhile, Delhi chief secretary P K Tripathi has written to the Union home ministry on the issue and has sought a meeting with the Centre to find a solution. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit , too, has expressed concern over the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13128199", "title": "Mohanty commission visits Pipili \u2018rape\u2019 victim\u2019s village", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Justice P K Mohanty Commission, which is probing the alleged rape of a dalit girl in Pipili last year, visited the victim's village, Arjungoda, on Sunday.Accompanied by Puri SP Anup Sahu, some lawyers and police officers of state crime branch, Justice Mohanty visited the spot where the alleged crime took place on November 29 and interacted with local people.\"We came to see the spot so that when we get evidence and statements we could visualise what happened,\" Justice Mohanty told media persons.This came over a month after the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) recommended arrest of Pipili legislator Pradeep Maharathy and certain police officers and doctors for allegedly playing foul. Chairman of NCSC P L Punia, who visited Odisha in the first week of March, had taken strong exception to the manner in which doctors and police handled the case and said the doctors involved, then inspector-in-charge, Pipili police station, Amulya Champatiray, and ex-minister Maharathy should be arrested. \"Police cases should incorporate them as accused,\" Punia had said in a report.The state government has dismissed Champatiray from service, while initiating action against some doctors. Maharathy resigned as agriculture minister on January 19 following allegations that he harboured the accused. He has denied any role in the incident.The victim continues to be in coma since the alleged incident took place. She was re-admitted at SCB in January following widespread public outcry, which forced police to register a rape case on January 9. The crime branch of police, which had arrested four accused in January, has said in its chargesheet the 19-year-old was a victim of attempt to murder but there was no evidence of rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129615", "title": "Here's the eureka moment", "text": "Delhi University offers a range of contemporary courses and new age career options for students opting for the science stream. Vatsala Shrangi reportsSciences have always been one of the most sought-after disciplines among students who are about to begin their graduation. Many students who have pursued sciences at the graduation level look back and feel it is akin to the 'Eureka' moment when you know that it is the sciences that you want to pursue. However, it is not so just because a large segment of the student-population aspires to be doctors or engineers. Instead , in a changing trend, an increasing number of students are taking interest in research. From ecological, environmental sciences, animal and plant specialisations , multimedia or writing for science-based documentaries to even filmmaking and fiction writing, students nowadays are opting for alternative and interesting career avenues. Every year, scores of students aspiring to join the Delhi University, apply to a number of colleges offering various science courses. According to Abha D Habib, department of physics, for the last few years, the university has seen a resurgence of the pure sciences like BSc (honours), chemistry (honours), botany (honours), etc. Though a couple of years ago, most students wanted to follow the trend of pursuing an MBA and, hence, would be little interested in taking up science courses, these days, students are going back to choosing pure science courses. Also, Habib says, honours courses in zoology, botany, life sciences, microbiology and bio-medical sciences have gained popularity over the years. \"The intake of students in these courses has increased over the last few years. This is primarily because the medicine industry has taken over in India. A new drug is found every other day. Also, new prospects of research have emerged with the enormous growth in the industry,\" says Habib. PK Sinha, department of zoology, believes that in the recent years, a lot of students are taking interest in subjects like zoology, ecological and environmental sciences. \"The number of students getting enrolled in these subjects is steadily rising. Usually, those who have studied biology in +2, want to study zoology and environmental sciences . These subjects offer a lot of opportunities in the field of research and many students branch out in fields of writing and multimedia. A number of animal-specific television channels require zoologists or professionals who have pursued degree courses in these disciplines,\" he says. According to the faculty, a lot of students opt for inter-disciplinary honours courses like biochemistry and biotechnology as both subjects are popular fields of study globally. Bani Roy, department of chemistry, says, \"A large number of students opt for biochemistry and biotechnology as the interface with industry has grown in this area. Also, since the government has recently emphasised on research, students are joining government-run science establishments.\" Besides, she says, for chemistry students, the boom in the pharmaceutical industry has opened a lot of avenues. Several students, after completing graduation, go for a postgraduate diploma in forensic science, offered by the university, which is another emerging area in the science industry. \"Apart from higher research, students can join both private and government-run research institutes. Many get placed with set ups like ONGC, DRDO and ISRO, work with biotech labs, or opt for multimedia and science-fiction writing . Also, there is a demand for chemistry graduates in areas like environmental and green chemistry,\" she adds.ADMISSIONS2012Delhi University will begin the SALE OF APPLICATION FORMS for admission to UG courses from JUNE 4 TO JUNE 18 This year no colleges in the university will be selling the forms. The centralised forms will be available in 12 HEAD POST OFFICES and a few others in the Capital between 10-4 PM, AND ONLINE The post office selling the forms will be notified by NEXT WEEK The SC/ST registrations will be done in the UNIVERSITY.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13126164", "title": "Culprit behind leak of Army chief's letter nailed? Govt says no", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Sunday denied that the ongoing Intelligence Bureau probe into the \"leaking'' of Army chief General V K Singh's confidential letter to the Prime Minister had nailed a joint-secretary rank officer in the cabinet secretariat as the culprit.This came after a news agency report said that the cabinet secretariat officer, a woman from the Indian Economic Service who was handling the charge of intelligence agencies, had been repatriated to her parent cadre after being found guilty of leaking the classified letter addressed to the PM in March. The letter highlighted highlighted \"critical hollowness'' in the Army's operational capabilities.Cabinet secretary Ajit Seth on Sunday said the agency report was \"wrong\". The government issued a statement that there was \"no truth\" in the \"completely baseless\" report.Reports of a joint secretary rank officer in the Cabinet secretariat being nailed for the leak of General V K Singh's confidential letter to the PM - which were denied by the government - reflect the perception of a tussle between Gen Singh and the politico-bureaucratic combine which began with a bitter row over the Army chief's age last year.With fingers initially being pointed to the Army chief and his \"lobby\" for being behind the conspiracy to leak the letter, Gen Singh had forcefully held that the incident was an attempt to drive a wedge between him and the Centre.The surfacing of the letter in public rocked both Houses, with certain parties even demanding action against the General. Calling it an \"anti-national act\", defence minister A K Antony said \"publishing the contents of secret communications within the Centre cannot serve national security\".In the letter written on March 12, Gen Singh had painted a grim picture of the operational capabilities of his 1.13-million strong force, holding that it was grappling with tanks running out of ammunition, obsolete air defence systems and lack of adequate weaponry for infantry and special forces battalions.Asking the PM to \"pass suitable directions to enhance the Army's preparedness\", Gen Singh said the state of the major fighting arms was \"indeed alarming\" and indirectly blamed the long-winded arms procurement process and the recalcitrant bureaucracy for it.The letter pointed out that the Army's tank regiments were \"devoid of critical ammunition to defeat enemy tanks\", while the existing air defence systems could not effectively protect against enemy air attacks since they were \"97% obsolete\".Besides, there were \"large scale voids\" in essential weaponry as well as critical surveillance and night-fighting capabilities in the over 350 infantry and special forces' battalions. With two \"inimical neighbours\", such \"critical deficiencies\" severely erode the Army's preparedness, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128841", "title": "Watch out, some petrol meters not accurate", "text": "Being cheated on the quantity of petrol or diesel one gets at retail fuel depots is a common problem citizens face. While you think you may have received one litre of the fuel and the meter too shows the same, in actuality you may have received only .9 litre. Following frequent complaints, oil companies have started cracking the whip on petrol bunks violating norms.Top oil company officials admitted that the complaints they receive are now more about quantity than quality. While the number of adulteration complaints every quarter is two or three from across the state, quantity-related complaints touch around four or five every two months.\"We don't deny there is adulteration , but as the punishment is severe , which is permanent termination of contract of the bunk owner, the incidence has reduced. But the frequent problem people face is lower quantity of petrol,\" they said.Oil companies like IOC, HP and BP have their anti-adulteration cell which conducts frequent checks on bunks across the state. At IOC, for instance, nearly 30 bunks every month across the state are monitored and checked by the cell for both quality and quantity. \"On a yearly basis, we check around 350 bunks. When we go to cities like Bangalore, we check nearly 30 bunks a month,\" a top IOC official said.\"Where the bunks don't have sealed meters, it is easy for oil companies to check. Where bunks have sealed meters, the weights and measures department will have to do the checking ,\" he added.Rajaraman R, a vehicle owner who goes to a bunk near Cox Town, said he is doubtful whether the quantity of petrol he gets is what he has paid for though he is unable to technically prove it. \"The meter runs so fast that one litre is over in a jiffy. While I can't say whether I am getting an exact deal or not, I don't get this feeling with other bunks where the meters run relatively slowly . Authorities should determine the speed of the meter.\" Oil company officials said a big role will have to be played by weights and measures officials. \"We can develop a common team to check the bunks,\" they said.Officials from weights and measures said they've been constantly checking bunks. \"The violation is not that frequent though some bunks definitely do it. We get about four cases every three months. The problem is under control even though there are some minor issues.\"|Some bunks said they are following norms as laid out by oil companies and the weights and measures department. \"We know there are checks. We also know we can never get a contract again if we err. There is no question of us violating norms,\" a bunk owner on Residency Road said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128478", "title": "Lok adalat settles 149 state university cases", "text": "RANCHI: Responding to the call of governor Syed Ahmed, the Jharkhand Legal Services Authority (Jhalsa) organized a lok adalat to dispose of pending cases related to serving and retired employees of universities in the state.It was for the first time that a high court lok adalat was organized to dispose of cases exclusively related to five universities. During the day-long lok adalat-cum-legal awareness camp, three benches were constituted which took up 149 cases for settlement. Of the 131 cases related to pre-litigation stage, Rs.3.85 crore was given to the beneficiaries while 18 cases related to post-litigation stage were disposed of.The lok adalat organized at Nyaya Sadan was inaugurated by Ahmed in presence of Chief Justice Prakash Tantia of the Jharkhand high court, Chief Justice M Y Iqbal of Madras high court, Jhalsa executive chairman Justice R K Merathia and other judges of the Jharkhand high court.Inaugurating the lok adalat, Ahmed said as the chancellor of universities he was concerned about the development of higher education infrastructure in the state and in course of interaction with the vice-chancellors of different universities he was apprised of the hardship being faced by both the serving and retired university teachers because of pending cases in court for long. \"I decided to seek the help of the judiciary for the speedy trial and disposal of the cases. The Jhalsa responded positively and the lok adalat was organized,\" he said.Chief Justice Tantia said the lok adala was a social responsibility of the judiciary in which cases are disposed on a fast track. \"If the highly placed officials carry out their responsibilities properly, a number of cases coming to the judiciary for settlement will be reduced automatically,\" he said. Giving credit to the media for success of the lok adalat where petitioners and respondents come forward voluntarily to resolve long pending issues, he said government employees should ensure that because of their callousness people should not be deprived of their natural rights.Chief Justice Iqbal admitted that a large number of cases related to educational institutions were pending before the courts. \"The initiative taken by the Jharkhand governor is exemplary in the country that such cases were disposed through lok adalats,\" he said asking the officials of the human resource development department to be more particular about settling issues at the department level.Vice-chancellors and pro vice-chancellors of all five universities, HRD department officials, petitioners and retired teachers of the universities were present during the awareness camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128579", "title": "Mamata Banerjee walks 12 km on victory anniversary", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee is known for her walkathons and she proved it again on Sunday that she is unbeatable. It was almost euphoria as people crowded the streets, clicking on their mobiles, as the chief minister walked from Hazra to Rajabazar - a distance of 12 km - in two hours, celebrating one year of the great Bengal mandate.She waved and stopped for photo sessions. She also received garlands from bystanders, sending her security ring for a toss. When she reached Rajabazar at 6.35pm, it was near-stampede, though housing minister Arup Biswas was busy maintaining her security ring.While she enjoyed her walk, traffic was choc-a-bloc on all arterial roads she traversed. She started from Hazra at 4.30pm, with a tableaux decked with achievements of her government as Trinamool supporters controlled the roads. Her entourage included railway minister Mukul Roy, state ministers Arup Biswas, Firhad Hakim, Madan Mitra and Javed Ahmed Khan, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, party's chief whip in the Assembly Sobhandeb Chatterjee and state party president Subrata Bakshi. Several MPs, MLAs and party leaders found it difficult to keep pace with Mamata, as she reached Exide crossing in 20 minutes.Since the assembly poll results were declared on May 13, 2011, she celebrated Bengal's \"freedom from red terror\" on Sunday. The final programme will be held on May 20, when her government completes a year in power.\"My government's performance will be published next Sunday. I walked all the way from Hazra to Rajabazar to thank the people of Bengal who voted me to power to remove CPM from Bengal. I salute those who helped me end the red terror. The CPM killed 55,000 people in all these 34 years. There were apprehensions of bloodshed after the mandate, but nothing happened. People want to stay in peace and this government will continue to govern in the best possible manner,\" she said.\"I have a huge debt. It is nearly an impossible task. Still I did not stop the salary of the government staff. Their salary will not be stopped,\" she promised. The debt burden bequeathed by the earlier Left Front amounts to over Rs 2.3 lakh crore. The state government pays a monthly interest of Rs 22,000 crore for this debt. Mamata is looking for a moratorium of three years from the Centre for a breathing space.She narrated her achievements of bringing peace in the Hills and Jangalmahal. \"I granted recognition to 10,000 madrassas. I granted two years' special leave for women government employees for child care, had 50% seats reserved for women in civic polls,\" she reminded, adding that her government increased the age limit for government jobs for general candidates from 32 to 40 years. She claimed to have created 6 lakh jobs in a year.\"Why didn't the CPM celebrate the birthday anniversaries of Tagore, Netaji or Nazrul. What stopped them?\" she questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127748", "title": "More global positioning systems to be installed on water tankers", "text": "JAIPUR: After global positioning systems (GPS) installed on 100 water tankers in the city succeeded in reducing the number of water-related complaints, the public health and engineering department (PHED) has decided to install the system at water tankers in Amber and Sanganer tehsils.In the next seven days, 50 more water tankers in the city will be equipped with GPS with an aim to check water theft, according to officials.From the water filling point of the tankers to their destination where the water would be supplied, the PHED is closely monitoring the movement of the tankers and also the level of water in the tanker through the GPS.In Jaipur, water is being supplied through tankers in various areas. On a routine basis before installation of the GPS, the department was registering complaints relating to improper supply of water because of the fault of water tanker contractors. The PHED then took the decision to install GPS after noticing that complaints of people had increased against water tanker contractors. It has reduced a number of complaints like contractors getting tankers only half filled or selling water to other persons instead of supplying it to a place where government has decided.\"After the installation of GPS, we have successfully reduced the number of complaints,\" PHED superintendent engineer (Jaipur circle) Dinesh Sharma said.The GPS keeps a close eye on water tanker movements. If a tanker stops at a location and the level of water in it recedes, it will give clear indication to the PHED officials through the system that the water has been stolen from it. \"The system provides us information on how much time a tanker stops at a particular location and how much level of water reduced during its stoppage at a place,\" an official said.The PHED installed the GPS system with an investment of around Rs 40 lakh and connected 100 water tankers online through GPS.Altogether 100 water tankers in the city are making 650 trips daily to supply water in various areas where water is not being supplied through PHED pipelines or to areas which get very less water supply. The water through tankers is supplied by contractors and the state government has printed on the tankers that it is free supply and not for sale.Sharma said around 1.5 million litres per day (MLD) are required for the entire city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13130517", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Nupur Talwar's judicial custody extended by two days", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A sessions court on Monday extended the judicial custody of Nupur Talwar by two days in the twin murder case of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.The court is also likely to give its order on the plea of dentist couple Nupur and Rajesh Talwar for providing them all the CBI documents pertaining to the case.Additional district and sessions judge Shayam Lal had during the first hearing of the case on May 11 reserved its order on the Talwars' plea as their counsel complained deficiency in case-related documents provided to them by the investigating agency.CBI counsel R K Saini had told the court that the agency had provided all relevant documents to them and has withheld only those on which it is not relying for the couple's prosecution.The judge first orally asked the CBI to give all the documents to the Talwars \"for the sake of justice\".Later, he fixed May 14 as the next date of hearing of the case to give a formal order on the plea after the couple gave an application to the court seeking the documents.In their plea, the Talwars had said the CBI had not provided them with all the documents related to the case, including the report prepared by the first investigation officer, Dataram Nauneria of Uttar Pradesh Police, and their telephone call records.The CBI stoutly opposed Talwars' plea for more documents. Special judicial magistrate Preeti Singh on May 9 had sent the case for sessions trial, rejecting a plea by the couple that the case cannot be put to trial as they have not been supplied all the prosecution documents.Transferring the case, the magistrate had said she did not have the requisite power under the criminal procedure code to hold the trial of a murder case which can only be tried by a sessions court.-with inputs from PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127463", "title": "Cops pick holes in 56 lakh robbery at jewellery shop", "text": "Mumbai: Investigation into last week's Rs 56 lakh robbery at R G Jewellers in Ghatkopar has hit a dead end with the police raising doubts whether the robbery actually took place or was stage-managed.On May 4, Kanak Shah (38) filed a complaint that three men posing as customers came to his shop, situated in the busy market lane on Mahatma Gandhi Road in Ghatkopar, and made away with gold ornaments weighing 2 kg and worth Rs 56 lakh.The police have found several discrepancies in the case. Firstly, according to Shah, the robbery took place in broad daylight around 11.30 am, when he was alone in the shop and his servant had gone for some delivery. The police feel that the shop is situated just a stone's throw away from the crime branch unit and it is impossible for anybody to run away on the crowded road at this hour.Police say it is impossible that within ten minutes, the robbers came, threatened the complainant and fled away with booty, and that too without any resistance from Shah and no neighbours came to know of it. It was Shah who later called his neighbours and informed them.Secondly, Shah has said that the robbers were not wearing any mask and went away on foot, which police say is doubtful. When police asked Shah to describe them so that sketches can be made, he was unable to describe them. When police asked Shah why the robbers did not take away the remaining jewellery from his shop, Shah told police that he requested them not to do so as it belonged to some other customers and the robbers \"listened\" to him.Further, the police are suspicious about the CCTV camera installed at the shop. The CCTV camera has not been working for a fortnight, however, when police confronted the camera repairer, they were told that it was Shah who kept postponing the repair, which would cost him only Rs 1,800.Police are also not ready to buy Shah's claim that the accused fled towards Ghatkopar railway station as the station road is too busy and the robbers would never take a chance by getting into crowded trains. Sources said that police are trying to find out whether Shah is trying to make a false claim for insurance. \"Our investigations are in progress and it would be inappropriate to say anything at this stage,\" said a senior official, requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131266", "title": "Gabbar Singh vs Dammu: Box Office Collections", "text": "He is known as the man with the Midas touch in Telugu film industry. And power star Pawan Kalyan continues to be the reigning raja of sky-rocketing Tollywood box office collections. With Gabbar Singh turning out to be a smash hit, mega fans have every reason to celebrate. So let's just draw a brief comparison of Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh and Jr. NTR's Dammu movie collections.First Day Collections Share (In AP alone): Rs. 8.15 croresNizam - 2. 25 Vizag- 0. 65 East - 0.82 West- 0. 65 Krishna - 0.65 Guntur - 1. 09 Nellore- 0. 37 Ceeded - 1. 95 Total: 8.43 crores - (AP)Karnataka - 0.75 crores USA - 3.7 crores Total - 12.88 croresGabbar Singh USA records: Thu $ 157,349, Fri $ 204,897, Sat $ 214,844 , Total: $ 577,090.NTR's Dammu Movie First Day Collections: 12.5 to 13 crores. (Only AP 9 to 9.73 crores)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13133288", "title": "India may move troops to peacetime positions: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: India is likely to thin-out troops from wartime positions on the border with Pakistan, where they were deployed after the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks, according to a media report today.The two countries reached an understanding on withdrawing troops during President Asif Ali Zardari's visit to New Delhi on April 8, The Express Tribune quoted unnamed military and diplomatic officials as saying.The withdrawal of troops to peacetime positions is among the first substantial overtures since the two sides resumed peace talks after a two year gap in the wake of the Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people.A formal announcement about the withdrawal is likely when the Indian Prime Minister visits Islamabad, possibly during the latter half of this year.\"It is going to happen in September or October,\" an unnamed official told the daily.Political figures privy to the President's day-long visit to India said the major development was a result of talks through backdoor channels, which had been active for the past couple of years.Officials said the Indian government had mobilised troops to take wartime positions at the disputed border with Pakistan, particularly in Kashmir, immediately after terrorists launched the attacks in India's commercial hub of Mumbai. The attacks in Mumbai were blamed on the Pakistan- based Lashkar-e-Toiba .According to experts, in a wartime scenario, the regular army starts manning the border instead of special forces meant for protecting boundaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13128833", "title": "Things not rosy, but hope to resolve crisis: Karnataka CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Saddled with dissidence and the burden of additional portfolios, Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is doing the balancing act trying to pilot the turbulence-hit BJP government till the next polls. Gowda said his March 24 letter to the central leadership demanding action against five ministers loyal to B S Yeddyurappa is not the issue. \"When individuals are power hungry their aspirations cloud judgment,'' he said. Excerpts from an interview:Do you take the blame for triggering the crisis with your explosive letter to the central leadership?That letter was written in March when there was a severe crisis. It is quite natural that a chief minister or party president has to bring to the notice of central leaders what's happening in the state. This letter is becoming an issue after two months. In my opinion, the issue is something else.How will you placate the miffed ministers and legislators?That issue will be discussed and resolved by the core committee. Yeddyurappa is a member too.When will you offload the additional portfolios?About ten days ago, I met my party president and seniors in Delhi. I requested them to give the green signal for cabinet expansion saying I was burdened with additional portfolios and that I won't be able to do justice to them. Also, with just a year left for the elections, I may find it difficult to implement the programmes I had announced in the Budget.So why the delay?I don't know. They said please wait for a few days and I'm waiting.What portfolios will you retain during the expansion process?I will definitely retain finance and another portfolio, and hand over the rest to my colleagues.Which other portfolio do you want to retain?I'll have to interact with my colleagues and decide.Is the ministry expansion going to be difficult with too many aspirants from different camps?It will be a difficult task as there are more aspirants than berths. But we can have only 34 ministerial berths, including that of mine, so it will be a difficult balancing act.How will the balancing happen?We will try to see everything goes on smoothly with due consultation with all parties involved. If I'm unable to arrive at a decision, I will seek the central leadership's help.How do you propose to take Yeddyurappa and his followers with you as they are upset over your letter?I do concede things are not that rosy. There are few who are not happy with me as Yeddyurappa couldn't be made CM again. I hope giving priority to them during the cabinet expansion should resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126982", "title": "Students find cracking Common Law Admission Test easier this year", "text": "BHOPAL: The state capital witnessed three important examinations, including common law admission test (CLAT), excise inspector test and AIPMT on Sunday. After Samvida Shahla Shikshak exam, it is the second time in 2012, when Bhopal saw a huge turnout of aspirants.Around 2,400 students appeared for the CLAT at five different centres of the state capital. When contacted, students and coaching centres teaching faculties claimed that the paper was quite easy which would increase cut-off this year. \"Compared to last year's paper, this year paper was easy and somewhat small. I think the cut-off marks will definitely be more than the last year,\" director of Legal Edge Tutorials, Harsh Gagrani said. Gagrani said the cut-off for top three colleges, including Bhopal's National Law Institute University is expected to be around 150. \"Overall cut-off should be around 115 while for the top three colleges it should be around 150-155,\" Gagrani claimed.CLAT is being conducted for admission to 14 national law universities all over India for both under-graduate and post-graduate programmes, including LLB and LLM. There are around 1,575 seats available for under-graduate courses. Result will be declared on June 30.Students also found the paper easier this year. \"It was an easy paper. I am hoping to get the marks needed for top colleges,\" an aspirant Shweta Pandit said.In the final exam of the All India Pre-Medical and Pre-Dental Test, students turned in a big number. Bhopal was the only centre in the state for AIPMT in the state. In the pre-entrance test, around 2.75 lakh students appeared out of which 30,788 students cleared the first round for the final exam. The exam was conducted at ten centres across India. There are around 1,900 seats in 127 medical colleges and 250 seats in 30 dental colleges across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128471", "title": "Lack of canteens irks college students", "text": "RANCHI: A canteen is the most crucial part of a student's life on the campus as it is here that he makes friends, hangs out for hours biting into piping hot samosas and shares the juiciest of gossips. However, many students in the capital are missing out on this important aspect of college life as many institutions do not have canteen facilities. As a result, students have to scout the neighbourhood for bites.\"We have to go out and eat when we are hungry as there is no canteen in the college. There is a temporary arrangement for serving tea but the idea does not appeal to us,\" said Pragati, a student of Women's College science block.This college has more than 12,000 students and yet the administration is not making arrangements for their refreshments. Shanaya, a student of the college, said, \"We have been demanding a canteen for a long time. Even if one does come up in the near future, I won't be able to enjoy canteen life as such because I am in my final year.\"Principal Zeenat Kausar said, \"We have plans for a canteen. The work will start as soon as we get funds from UGC.\"Similar is the condition of other colleges. The Marwari College has more than 14,000 students and yet students have to go out looking for food during break. There are even instances of students falling ill after eating roadside food. \"Two of my friends fell ill after eating chaat from a thelawallah outside the college. We have no option but to gorge on junk food. Even if we bring tiffin where do we eat? Is it possible to eat in front of everyone in the classroom?\" asked Zeba, a student of Marwari College.There's another problem of going out to eat. Girl students become easy targets of roadside Romeos, who wait outside the gate to tease these youngsters. \"They are aware of our lunch timings and harass us. Sometimes they tug at our dupattas and even slap us on the back!\" said Sandhya, a student of Women's College.Other colleges which do not have canteens are Doranda College, S S Memorial College and J N College. The president of the Jharkhand Students' Union, S Ali, said, \"We have been demanding canteens in colleges for a long time but the Ranchi University administration has not been taking our demand seriously. They are least bothered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127236", "title": "Online shopping gaining currency", "text": "INDORE: With the e-commerce gaining currency as cost-effective, highly convenient and time saving, a large number of youngsters in the city nowadays prefer buying apparel, footwear, gadget, mobile accessories, branded perfumes and books online. Many of them believe that e-commerce websites save time, provide enough varieties and showcase 'in-things' of various established brands, which more often do not have outlets in the city.Harshal Puntambekar, a city-based regular online shopper, says \"Quirky message tees are very difficult to find in malls here. Hence, I order tees from inkfruit.com as it gives good discounts and deliver order within a week.\"\"Online shopping has made it easier to buy branded clothes with good discount options. Sales in city malls are very seasonal but every time I log on to online shopping websites, I find good discounts options,\" says Rajni Kapoor, who shops online at least twice a month.While discounts are a vital reason why people opt to shop online, absence of branded stores in city malls is also driving Indoreans to buy merchandise of established national and international brands online.\"USI is one of my favourite brands which do not have an outlet in Indore. So I order for T-shirts online. Moreover, many of these websites also have a good collection of footwear and gadgets\" says Sahib Mehta, who believes that online shopping is lot more convenient and it saves time.E-commerce websites also observe a lot of traffic from techno junkies who drool over the latest gadgets. Himanshu Uppal, who recently bought a smart phone, says, \"These websites offer good discounts on market price. I recently bought a smart phone for Rs 14,000 while its market price was Rs 18,000.\" Himanshu frequently shops online for pen drives, hard disk and other electronic gadgets.Similarly, Kunal Gupta, a budding photographer, orders for camera accessories like lens filters online. \"Other than buying headphones and mobile accessories, I also buy branded perfumes, which are either not available in the city or are priced very high,\" he says.Apart from shopping, e-commerce websites are widely used by people in Indore to send gifts to friends on their birthdays. Shishir Mittal says, \"I order for gifts online, pay via card and these websites deliver gifts to my friends.\"Cash on delivery option, which is available on most e-commerce websites these days is a major reason why people find it safe to shop online. \"Initially, revealing debit card details online was a major problem. With cash on delivery option, online shopping has become both safer and easier,\" says Noren Arif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128601", "title": "Haryana whistleblower\u2019s transfer faces hurdle?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of environment and forests has asked the Haryana government to relieve whistleblower Indian Forest Services officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi for a deputation in the central government.The letter mentions that Chaturvedi has been appointed at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Delhi and may be relieved immedi-ately so that he can take up the new responsibilities.\"Sanjiv Chaturvedi has been selected as deputy secretary, AIIMS, Delhi under the ministry of health and family welfare for a period of four years (from the date of joining)...\" reads the letter sent by under secretary, MoEF, OP Joshi.However, the officer is still waiting for a go-ahead from the state government. When contacted, Haryana environment and forest minister Ajay Yadav said no such file had reached his office.\"The matter could be in the pipeline,\" he said. Asked whether the state was keen to let the officer go, Yadav said that the final order may or may not be in his (Chaturvedi's) favour.But a senior official in the state department, who wished not be named, said that they have received the communique and that the matter was under \"active consideration\".As per cadre rules of All India Service Officers, in case of a conflict between the state and the Centre regarding deputation, the Centre's decision would prevail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13127810", "title": "Joining forces for Lord Hanuman", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Residents of D Block of SBS Nagar organized a sunderkand path on Saturday night in a park here to pay obeisance to Lord Hanuman. It was for the first time that the area residents got together to organize a religious function.On Saturday evening, they gathered at the park, developed by them, and participated enthusiastically in the three-hour prayer meet. Later, community food was served to all.A homemaker and area resident, Veena Sachdeva, said, In our block, there is no temple or gurdwara. And so, we decided to hold the path here. We have asked the authorities to provide us space where we can construct a temple or a gurdwara.The area residents live together like a family. It was great that all of us came together to organize a religious function... we thoroughly enjoyed it. We will hold more such events, said Avtar Singh, another area resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130393", "title": "I'll Stay with TDP till I Die: Jr. NTR", "text": "Good news for all the Nandamrui fans. Young tiger Jr. NTR has finally put an end to all the speculations about the actor breaking ties from Telugu Desam Party , floated by his grandfather NT Rama Rao. The talented actor reiterated that he will never differ from his home ground and his duty will always remain to serve it. It has been strongly speculated that Tarak had differences with Chandrababu Naidu and Balakrishna and as a result, distanced himself from TDP. However, Tarak recently reacted to the growing rumors by saying that his grandfather late. Sr. NTR has floated the party and his family will continue to render their service to it with great commitment.Says Jr. NTR, \"Why will I move away from the party founded by my grandfather? He has been a great inspiration to us (read Nandamuri family) and many people in the state, and we all need his blessings and well wishes to succeed. Acting is my profession and supporting my family is my responsibility. I cannot say now whether I would get into politics or not but I'll back and campaign for the party (like I did in 2009 elections) forever and this is my final stance.\"The issue of NTR distancing from the party strengthened when one of NTR's close aide and TDP Vijayawada Urban Unit President Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan hugged rival YSR Congress Party President YS Jagan Mohan Reddy in full public eye. It was rumored that NTR was the man behind Vamsi's act. Prod NTR on this and he clarifies, \"Vamsi is neither my brother nor a relative, he's just a producer of one of my films, Adurs. And it is totally unfair to attribute his motives to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129095", "title": "Bhajji felicitates forest guard", "text": "BANGALORE: He had been shot in both legs by poachers and smugglers. But that hasn't stopped him from guarding the habitat of the big cat whose guardian he thinks he is.Forest guard Govinda, who has been patrolling the Nagarahole tiger habitat for over 26 years now, was on Sunday felicitated by cricketer Harbhajan Singh with the Wildlife Services Award 2012.\"I am happy and feel honoured to be chosen for this recognition. But there is clearly 75% shortage of forest guards in the state,\" said Govinda, who hopes the administration will do the needful before the big cats vanish for ever.Hailing from Nallurpalla in Hunsur taluk of Mysore district, Govinda joined the department as a forest guard in 1984. Having worked under some illustrious forest officers, Govinda acquired special anti-poaching skills which pitchforked him into the frontline of efforts to secure forests and wildlife from poaching and timbersmuggling mafias.Govinda, whose family has received life threats from poachers, said seniors, the local political brass and police should help him in his efforts to protect the tiger.The award was given during the trophy presentation ceremony of Save the Tiger Cup cricket championship.Hailing the efforts of such conservationists, Harbhajan said he is all for saving the wildlife and the tiger. \"As citizens of this country, we must join the forest department and individual conservationists and work towards this cause,\" he added.\"We, as cricketers, have a huge fan following. We hope our efforts to promote conservation raise concern among people and force the government to sit up and take notice. I take this opportunity to urge the government to take tiger conservation seriously and implement all that is planned before it is too late,\" the cricketer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126947", "title": "A happy Mother's Day for three expecting moms", "text": "BHOPAL: For three middle-aged expecting women in the city, this Mother's Day would be marked as one of the most memorable days of their life. After two decades of trying, these would-be mothers in their 40s, finally conceived through the in vitro fertilization (IVF) - a fertility procedure also known as test tube babies.On Sunday afternoon, Shashi Tiwari, 45, Anuradha Shukla, 44 and Sudha Singh, 42, tested positive for pregnancy, said Dr Randhir Singh of a private IVF centre. The procedure starts with fertilization of mother's egg outside her body which is then transferred to her womb.The transfer of the eggs in all the three women was done a month ago and the good news came in when the lucky mothers underwent the IVF procedure succeeding the first cycle, Dr Singh added.\"Two of the three women are likely to have twins. The embryo placed back into the mother's uterus is expected to develop normally until delivery after eight months,\" said Dr Singh.\"It's a happy Mother's Day for the three of us,\" said Shashi Tiwari, who could not convey the news to her husband. \"He works in a coal mine in Chhindwara, I will contact him later in the evening and give him the good news,\" she added.The transfer of the eggs in all the three women was done a month ago and the good news came in when the lucky mothers underwent the IVF procedure succeeding the first cycle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13129434", "title": "Schools in a fix over RTE rule", "text": "Mysore: With holidays coming to a close, schools will soon reopen, but many are finding it difficult to provide 25% seats to children under Right to Education Act as the admission processes are already over.When TOI contacted deputy director of public instructions department BK Basavaraju, he said that in a meeting with unaided school authorities, the department was directed to provide RTE quota seats from this academic year itself without fail.He said, \"In the meeting, a few school authorities claimed that admissions are already over. But we have directed schools to reduce the 25% admissions of non-RTE students (canceling of admission who have already joined) to provide seats to RTE quota students as we have to follow the rules of the government.\"Basavaraju said the last date to submit applications for RTE quota in unaided schools is May 25. Respective block education officers will calculate 25% availability of seats, school-wise, and notify it to the public on the school notice boards.CBSE and ICSE Private School Management Association Mysore Zone (Chamarajanagar, Mandya, Kodagu) secretary S Ramanathan says schools welcome the order of Supreme Court to provide 25% seats under RTE, but implementing it from this year is very difficult. \"To provide seats for RTE quota students, if we cancel the 25% admissions of non-RTE quota students, who have already joined, then parents will question us. These students cannot even join other schools as most school seats are occupied,\" he added.\"If the government permits to increase the seats by another 25%, schools can provide admissions under RTE from this academic year,\" he opined. Government schools are closing due to lack of strength, many children may leave government schools and join private schools under RTE and this may lead to 20% of closure of government schools.CBSE and ICSE Private School Owners Association Mysore zone (Kodagu, Chamrajnagar, Mandya) president Sudhakar S Shetty said, \"RTE provisions are confusing because Supreme Court has ordered that if admissions are over in CBSE and ICSE schools then admissions under RTE quota can be given from next year.\"Vishwa Manava Vidyanikethana School founder BK Chandrashekara Gowda said the government didn't give much time to implement RTE.He said, due to implementation of RTE within a short period, the admission process will be confused in schools this year. At least the government should give one-year time to implement RTE properly, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127111", "title": "Medical student arrested for impersonating in All India Pre-Medical Test", "text": "NEW DELHI: A final year student of MBBS was arrested on Sunday for impersonating another student in the All India Pre-Medical Test (mains). Shiv Raj (25), was offered Rs 2 lakh for impersonation, police said.The incident took place at a private school in Barakhambha Road - which was the center for the exam, police said.\"Raj was caught during a routine check in the examination hall. He was found to be writing the paper on behalf of another candidate, identified as Vijay Kumar Shakya. Raj was immediately taken into custody,\" said a senior cop.Shiv Raj studied at Sawai Man Singh Medical College, Jaipur in Rajasthan, cops said.He told interrogators that some seniors lured him with money and also offered to fund his trip to city if he agreed to write the paper for Shakya. A case under Section 419, 420 and 451 of IPC was registered at the Barakhambha police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128783", "title": "Wait for low floor circular service to Vyttila continues", "text": "KOCHI: The wait of the commuters for low floor circular services on Vyttila-Vyttila route will continue as the city depot of KSRTC is having a shortage of buses and crew.A KSRTC official said that though three low-floor buses had arrived in the depot in November last year, they were allotted to other routes.\"Three of the six buses that were allotted to the city in November were lying unused in the depot. Since there was shortage of buses in some other routes, we had to use these buses in those routes,\" the official said.P I Sheik Pareeth, district collector and RTA board chairman said that the permits to begin six services had been granted after a series of discussions with the motor vehicles department, representatives of private bus operators and the KSRTC.\"At present, there are no objections for allotting the permits for services in the specified route. Once the buses arrive, they can start the services,\" he said. The buses allotted under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM), would conduct services from 6 am to 10 pm, officials said. Besides non-availability of buses, the staff crunch is also affecting services. A senior official in the transport corporation hinted said that Ernakulam depot had a shortage of about 70 employees to run regular services in the city.\"There is an immediate need to recruit more staff to facilitate the operation of new buses including the six services in Vyttila-Vyttila route and about 15 services in various other routes. We have approached the employment exchange for recruiting 500 drivers and 325 conductors on daily wages in the district,\" the official said.Shortage of buses and staff cited as main reason. Though three low-floor buses arrived in the depot in November 2011, they were allotted to other routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13127532", "title": "8 illegal Bangladeshis arrested near Ajmer dargah", "text": "AJMER: Continuing the combing operation in the dargah region, police on Sunday detained 83 people of whom 8 were identified as Bangladeshis residing here illegally. Police arrested them and will produce them in court.The team of dargah and Ganj police on Sunday again started the search operation in Langerkhana Gali, Anderkot, Khadim Mohalla, Bada Peer road and detained 83 suspicious people. \"We are verifying their details and others who came here and started residing. Most of them claimed to be from West Bengal , Odisha and Bihar,\" police said.Police are also checking hotels and guest houses to verify details of the guests putting up there. \"We have instructed hotel owners to give rooms only after verifying the identity of the pilgrims,\" police said.Police have increased the vigil in the dargah area considering the upcoming 800th Urs of Khawaja Moinuddin Chishty. Last Tuesday, police arrested four Bangladeshis who were living here illegally and also detained 87 suspicious people. \"We called extra force from the police lines and went to Anderkot, Khadim Mohalla, Langerkhana, Bada peer road and detained suspicious people staying there,\" police said.Most of them who are detained looked like beggars came from different parts of the country. \"We verified four of them as Bangladeshis who came here illegally and are residents of areas near Dakha,\" an official said. Police also checked the addresses Odisha and Bihar given by these arrested persons and found them to be fake. \"We are also verifying the identity of other people and they are still in police custody,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13128014", "title": "TET: Govt consulting legal experts on the problems", "text": "LUCKNOW: State government on Sunday said it would take at least 10 more days to reach a decision regarding the Teachers Eligibility Test. Saying that it was aware of the problems faced by those who appeared for UP TET in 2011, the government said it was in the process of examining all aspects of the test. Consultations with the legal department for a possible solution were also being done, a government spokesman said.The test, which was conducted for the first time in May 2011, is being probed following charges of large-scale irregularities. The anomalies came to light after former secondary education director Sanjay Mohan was arrested and subsequently suspended for his alleged role in duping unemployed youth by promising them success in the test. Following these anomalies, the state government considered cancelling the test, but was met with stiff opposition from those successful candidates who argued they cannot be made to suffer because of a few people involved in the scam. More than 11.5 lakh candidates had appeared for TET in May 2011. Though 2.7 lakh qualified, placements of 72,000 candidates are still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128960", "title": "Get your home loan rate lowered", "text": "When Delhi-based Mahendra Gupta opened a letter from the housing finance company recently, there was both good and bad news for him. The dismal bit of information was that the 20-year home loan he had been repaying since 2008 still had 22 years to go. Despite four years of regular repayments , the loan tenure had been extended because of the rise in the home loan rate from 10.25% in 2008 to 13% now. The good news was that Gupta's lender was ready to convert the loan to a lower rate if he paid a one-time conversion fee. He paid 7,300 and got the interest rate lowered to 10.5%. \"My loan tenure came down from 272 months to 166 months,\" gushes the 35-year-old . Gupta can consider himself lucky. Not every lender offers its customers this option . Worse, very few keep their customers updated about changes in interest rates or how they impact their repayment schedules. Most banks just go by the wording of the loan agreement, which says the lender can increase the rate and accordingly extend the repayment tenure. If the term cannot be extended , the bank raises the EMI or asks the borrower to pay a lump sum.Be a proactive borrowerYou need to be proactive about your loan repayment and check the interest rate. When the base rate was introduced, home loan customers thought they would get more transparent deals from their lenders. However, many banks continue to discriminate between old and new customers, charging the existing ones a higher rate than that being offered to new borrowers . If you are being charged a higher rate, ask your bank to convert it to the rate applicable to new borrowers. Don't assume your bank will not listen to your request. Home loan growth slowed down from 15% in 2010-11 to 12.1% in 2011-12 . More importantly, the RBI has abolished the prepayment penalty levied by banks and housing finance companies. So, shifting to another bank is not as costly as it used to be. Banks are willing to negotiate, especially if the borrower has a good repayment history. If a bank refuses to budge, a mild threat of shifting the loan to another lender can work wonders.Balance tenure is crucialKeep the remaining term of your loan in mind when you sit at the negotiating table. When Gupta got his interest rate converted to 10.5% from the earlier 13%, his tenure of 22 years and 8 months was cut down by 8 years and 10 months. Remember that if your loan has less than 10 years to go, the benefit may not be as spectacular . As the table shows, the benefit progressively reduces if your balance tenure is lesser. A 1.5 percentage point cut in the rate will shave off nearly five years from a 20-year loan, but it will reduce the tenure by just one month if the loan has only five years to go. Since you are paying a conversion fee upfront, the change may not lead to any significant gain. Go for it only if the reduction is at least 2 percentage points and your loan has more than 10 years to go.Cut the tenure, not the EMIWhen the interest rate on your loan is lowered, don't make the mistake of reducing the EMI. It's a tempting thought because it eases the pressure on your monthly budget. However, lower EMIs mean longer tenures and higher interest costs. Instead, bring down the tenure of the loan. Only if you genuinely find it difficult to pay the EMI, should you opt for a lower instalment. This is especially true of individuals who have taken a large home loan on the basis of a projected income, but have not got the kind of pay hikes they expected. Also, double-income families, where one spouse has lost a job or stopped working, may find this option useful. Besides, you should check if the new rate that is being offered to you is linked to the base rate of the bank. Make sure it is not a promotional rate that is being offered to new customers. Banks offer low rates to attract customers but hike the rate after 2-3 years. Since home loan tenures are typically 10-15 years, don't go by just the short-term benefit offered on the loan. The loan agreement should clearly specify the spread between this rate and the bank's base rate.The cost of changeFor a new and lesser interest rate, banks charge 0.5-1 .5% of the outstanding amount. However, switching to a new bank is a lot costlier and requires more paperwork. Even if your previous lender does not levy a prepayment penalty, the new lender will demand 0.5-1 .5% as processing charges. There is also the convenience aspect. You will have to go through the entire process of submitting documents-proofs of income and identity, and PAN card, etc. Therefore, do a cost-benefit analysis before deciding to convert or switch to another lender. (With Babar Zaidi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13128774", "title": "'Be liberal in giving crop loans'", "text": "GONDIA: Civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh has appealed to all the nationalized banks to be liberal in sanctioning loans to farmers for kharif crops.Addressing a survey meeting to chalk out plans for kharif season in Gondia district, Deshmukh said, \"The banks should readily give loans to the needy farmers. In fact, they should become a bit liberal too in disbursing the loans.\"This year the total crop loan disbursal in Gondia would touch Rs 1.35 crore mark. A lion's share of this - Rs 89 lakh - will be handled by district cooperative banks while nationalized banks will have to give Rs 22 lakh and Gramin bank Rs 24 lakh.\"Over 1.87 lakh hectares will be cultivated in this kharif season. Out of 63,000 quintals manure requirement, 57,000 quintals have been made available,\" district superintendent of agriculture Manohar Chandrikapure said.MSEDCL superintending engineer Ashok Fulkar said that a special agency will reinstate the electricity connections of consumers whose lines were disconnected for non-payment of bills.Deshmukh directed all the department heads to see that their targets are achieved. Collector Pradeep Kalbhor, MLC Rajendra Jain, MLA Gopaldas Agrawal, CEO of zilla parishad Dr Yeshwant Madavi, deputy manager of Mahabeej Meshram, Dr DV Ghorpade, MSEDCL superintending engineer Ashok Fulkar, DR Sanjay Kshirsagar, cooperative bank manager Vivek Lakhote were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131278", "title": "Nayantara confirms Dirty Picture remake", "text": "Nayantara, the stunning actress who made her come back into films is streamlining by signing back to back films in Tamil and Telugu.Latest is that, the actress has given her nod to enact the role of Vidya Balan in the remake of Bollywood Blockbuster Dirty Picture. Earlier we heard many names Anushka, Nayantara, Richa Gangopadhyay et al, making vibes to play the female lead in this remake venture. But beyond all the rejections Nayan is getting ready to essay this national award winning role.Dirty Picture script revolves around the life of the yesteryears item glam Silk Smitha, who enjoyed the equal status to that of lead ladies of her time. This film has successfully screened and has become the highest grosser in Bollywood box-office, beside many petitions that were claimed to stop the movie. Finally it made regional filmmakers acclaim the remake rights. Nayan will be playing the lead in the Tamil version.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129357", "title": "Molestation victim thrown into well, rescued", "text": "KANPUR: The Unnao police have arrested a youth on charges of molesting an eleven-year-old girl and then attempting to kill the victim by throwing her into a well at Lakshman Kheda Majra Aata village on Saturday night. The water level in the well was low and she did not drown. The villagers rescued her with the help of ropes and ladders, police said.Rohit alias Hagni, son of Ram Lal Pasi, a resident of the same village, initially reported to be absconding, has been arrested after the girl's father lodged a complaint with Achalganj police.Police said Rohit followed the girl who stayed in his locality to fields, where she had gone for some work on Saturday night and allegedly molested her. He threw her into a well, in a bid to kill her. When the girl did not return, her parents approached the police.Police said water level in the well was low and the girl was rescued when the villagers heard her cries. She narrated about the incident to Achalganj police.Rohit around midnight. During interrogation, he admitted to having sexually abused the girl and throwing her into the well, the police said.The accused will be produced before the court on Monday. The girl has been sent for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127115", "title": "Election Commission reprieve for Chandrababu Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chandrababu Naidu earned a reprieve from Election Commission when it concluded that the TDP president was not guilty of violating the model code of conduct for his remarks on Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy's visit to Tirumala temple. Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal said that criticising Jagan for entering the Lord Venkateswara temple without signing the declaration of faith was not tantamount to a violation of the model code. The CEO said that he had reviewed recordings of Naidu's statement but had found the charges of violation to be without any substance.Bhanwarlal, however, said that reports of Congress MP Chinta Mohan canvassing inside the TTD administrative building in Tirupati and of TDP leader Chadalavada Krishna Murthy holding a poll meeting at a church have been sent to EC. He said that a report was till awaited on roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasad Rao's alleged statement describing Sonia Gandhi as a bigger Christian than Jagan, a remark which had created a flutter in political circles.Bhanwarlal said that he would review a report on chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's comment that voting for any party but the Congress in the temple town of Tirupati would be an unholy act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13128989", "title": "Collegemates killed our boy, says family", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Alok Ranjan, VI semester student of Nagarjuna College of Engineering and Technology, Venkatakgiri, was found dead on a railway track , his family refused to buy the police theory that it was a case of suicide.While police cite the suicide note found in 21-year-old Alok's college bag to say it was a clear case of suicide, his relatives allege that the note was not in his handwriting at all.\"First ,Alokis notsomeonewhowillcommitsuicide . I have been in touch with his friends and they told us that the handwriting of the suicide note did not match with his in his notebooks . Alok had faced graver problems in the same college and yet he always fought his way through them,\" said Niraj Sharma, Alok's first cousin.Alok, a native of Darbhanga district of Bihar , was found dead on the railway track near Devanahalli on Saturday morning.Vijay Kumar Thakur , Alok'sdad ,who arrivedon Sunday , had to leave for Darbhanga within hours as Alok's grandmom passed away on Sunday evening , reportedly out of shock over her grandson's death.Niraj said Alok had called his mother around 7pm on Friday . He told her there was a threat to his life and he was in hiding . \"He admitted that slapping the girl was a mistake but other guys with her were looking for him to take revenge ,\" he added.The family said Friday's incidents were a followup of problems he had been having in the college since March 2011.\"Atthattimehewasstaying in the hostel and the guys who fought with him on Friday had attacked him then too. Badly injured , Alok was hospitalized and underwent a surgery . A steel rod was inserted to mend his broken jaw . He was on bed rest for six months ,\" said Niraj.Alok's family filed a case with local police then but no action was taken . The family also alleged that they received a threat from the family of the accused demanding withdrawal of the case . Later , Alok moved out of the hostel and stayed with his friend in a paying guest accommodation near the college , Niraj said.|On Friday , Alok received a call from his ex-girlfriend who asked him to meet her in the college . The conversation in the college went out of hand and he slapped her . He was attacked by the girl's friends and later handed over to police . After he was let off with a warning , he went to the nearby aerodrome and remained in hiding . His body was found on the track the next morning.The family alleged that he had been killed and only a fresh probe could bring out the truth .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128631", "title": "Cops arrest engineer for murder of pawnbroker", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai police on Sunday said they had solved the murder of Maduravoyal pawnbroker B Gunaram on Saturday night and had arrested a 26-year-old engineer from Periamet for the crime.The arrest of A Ramajayam alias Appu was made almost a month after the grisly murder on April 14, when CCTV cameras recorded images of the killer, moments before he slashed the pawnbroker's throat and made away with more than half a kilo of jewellery.The police caught Ramajayam when he attempted to rob a woman, Chandraprabha, on Saturday. Investigators said Ramajayam on Saturday entered an apartment in Meenakshipuram, Pallikaranai.\"He brandished a knife at Chandraprabha and asked her to give him her gold chain,\" a police officer said. \"When Chandraprabha raised an alarm, he attacked her with the knife.\" Chandraprabha's daughter Rakhi came to her rescue and Ramajayam attacked her too. But neighbours caught him when he tried to escape and handed him over to the police.During interrogation, Ramajayam, who completed a BE course from a college in Mahabalipuram in 2007, confessed to the murder of Gunaram. He told investigators that he killed the pawnbroker to repay a loan of 10 lakh. Only 6 sovereigns of the jewellery he took from the pawnbroker's shop was genuine gold.Ramajayam, too, didn't have the time to think whether the pieces of gold jewellery he stole after murdering a pawn broker at his shop at Nerkundram were fake. As fate would have it, the 'gold pieces' he bagged from the shop were mostly imitation jewellery.A probe officer said: \"Ramajayam took the stolen jewellery to a gold shop in the suburbs. There he found out that the half a kilogram of gold he was carrying was fake. But what he didn't know was that amid the fake pieces lay six sovereigns of gold jewellery,\" said the officer.Ramajayam told the police that he planned the murder and robbery to pay off the Rs 10-lakh loan he had run up for a job. According to him, the cash was passed on to a doctor in Singapore who promised to jumpstart his career in Colombo.Ramajayam told police that he met the doctor, Jai, in Colombo. He pieced together the money from money lenders for Jai, who took the money and absconded, pushing him into a financial crunch.In his confessional statement to the police, Ramajayam said he checked out the shop for two days when he visited one of his friends in Maduravoyal. \"He noticed the pawn broker, B Gunaram, was alone most of the time. He was sure that he could easily overpower diminutive Gunaram,\" said joint commissioner of police (West) K Shankar.On May 14, he walked into the shop with a gold chain and asked Gunaram if he could get another piece of the same make. When the pawn broker walked into a room, Ramajayan tailed him and slit his throat from behind.\"Ramajayam was in love with the sister-in-law of a police constable. The couple planned to get married soon. He shuttled between Chidambaram, Periamet and Thousand Lights looking for a job, said a senior police officer.He deposited the fake jewellery at the policeman's house, telling them that they were given by the doctor to even out with him. The traffic cop told the police that he was not aware of the murder episode and the CCTV footage.\"Ramajayam didn't go out for two days when he saw his photo in the newspapers. But when people failed to recognize him, he decided to grow a beard to conceal his identity,\" said a senior police officer.Based on his confession, police seized gloves, cell phones, a spray to kill insects and a tape from the bag. He always carried the bag with him and also used five to six different cell phones, according to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127598", "title": "Democracy cannot be allowed to falter: President", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an oblique reference to growing public impatience over governance, President Pratibha Patil said Indian democracy cannot be allowed to falter as demands for development grow louder and popular sentiment is voiced more and more vocally.\"Democracy cannot be allowed to falter, for it is the very essence of our nationhood,\" the President said, addressing MPs at Parliament's central hall at the conclusion of a special session to commemorate the 60th years of the first sitting of Parliament.The President pointed to the need to balance expectations. \"Pressures are developing on account of many reasons, demands for development are louder, people are articulating their demands very vocally and many shades of opinions are emerging,\" she said.Speaking at the same function, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made a more direct reference to cynicism about politics and Parliament. \"We should firmly reject those who would mock the institutions of our democracy that have developed over decades of experience,\" he said.Taking up cudgels on behalf of the parliamentary system, he said, \"We are not a perfect democracy. But we are a functioning democracy with mechanisms and safeguards that allow for the reconciliation of diverse interests and differences of opinion.\"With the top figures in the government and opposition in attendance, Patil said, \"The big challenge is for democracy to proceed towards being a vibrant but health democracy.\" She pointed to the complex task of making do with fractured mandates and governments that \"are mostly coalitions and legislatures are composed of many parties\".\"Discussions can be difficult and divergent but yet solutions have to be found through discussions in Parliament and resolved through established parliamentary practices,\" Patil said, echoing the sentiments expressed by most MPs in both Houses during a day-long discussion on the Indian Parliament completing 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13129344", "title": "Absence of compound poses threat to residents", "text": "Hubli: Residents of Sangam colony, Bharati Nagar, Indraprasta Nagar and surrounding areas of Old Hubli are fed up with the drain problem, as its poses a serious threat to children, and the drain line doesn't have a proper compound.Drain water from the gutters and sanitary has been flowing into the main drain line, which flows through old Hubli areas. Irritated by the foul smell, neighbours and residents living near the main drain are now hesitant to live in their houses.According to residents and onlookers it is unsafe to walk in the area at night as there aren't any safety compounds to the main drain line, posing a high risk of falling in the drain. The slope land near to the main drain lines has become dangerous for residents.Speaking to TOI, Sharadabai Dalabanjan, a resident of Sangam Nagar, said that after the rainy season begins the overflow of drain water enters the houses which are built near the drain line. The gutters and sanitary flows in the same drain line and create a foul smell.Many of the roads don't have gutters and UGD connections and its drains flows through the area and generates unhygienic condition throughout the area.Girish Divate said earlier a girl fell into the drain line and later she has rescued. He also said that during the rainy season it is very problematic for the residents as drain enters to the houses of the area.Quote hanger: Speaking to TOI, area corporater Raghavendra Ramadurg said that a proposal of Rs.60 crores to construct compound to the main drain line has sent to government for grant. Once the UGD work finished then the safety measurements will be made to the drain line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128024", "title": "Missing girl returns, was abducted, and gang-raped", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 12-year-old girl, who went missing from her residence in Juhapura on April 17, has returned home but with tales of harrowing experiences which include gang rape. She returned on Friday night. Owing to the torture marks and abuses she had been put through, the girl was taken to VS hospital immediately for treatment.There, she said that she was gang raped after being abducted. After this,A complaint was registered at Vejalpur police station and the girl was admitted to the Sola Civil Hospital for treatment and collection of evidence. Police believe the girl was forced into a prostitution racket by a young woman and her two accomplices. All three have been booked for abduction and rape of the minor.When the incident took place, the victim used to stay in Fatehwadi with her parents, siblings and her grandmother. The girl's mother died three years back and her father remarried. Her father runs a two-wheeler repair shop.On April 17 she had gone to Juhapura to meet some relatives. But, she never returned home. Her father had then registered a missing person's report at Aslali police station. He had also sought help from some non-governmental organizations.On Friday night, she made a sudden reappearance at her home. Her body bore multiple injuries which pointed towards abuse and torture. The girl's legs had burn marks which were inflicted when she refused to comply with the wishes of her abductors.The girl's story left the cops and her parents in a state of shocked. On the fateful day while returning home from Juhapura she didn't have money for autofare. just had Rs 4 with her. She could not board an autorickshaw for this reason. At this juncture,A young woman offered to drop the girl homeon her scooter. Later the victim learnt that the woman's name is Faiza Laludia, a resident of Vankaner in Saurashtra.But the woman took the girl to Jamalpur and gave her a spiked drink. where she was given a cold drink which put her in a semi-conscious state. The girl claims that she used to be given the intoxicant regularly and she obeyed all that Faiza told her.Then the minor was taken to Narol where she was raped regularly by two men - Asim and Asif. While Asim and Asif used to visit regularly, there wereOther men too who used to visit and on a daily basis. For this Faiza used to take money from the men, the victim told police.For close to a month the ordeal continued and the girl's health deteriorated which had scared Faiza who abandoned the girl near her residence before escaping.Vejalpur police sources said, \"We have detained Faiza. Preliminary interrogation reveals that she runs a prostitution racket and it is possible that she has abducted minor girls in the past too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13127453", "title": "BSF gears up to thwart smuggling during dust storms", "text": "Jaisalmer: The Border Security Force has begun a special exercise from Sunday to strengthen its operational activities near the international border. This will continue till May 27. Due to scorching heat and dust storms, there are always chances of intrusions, and in order to thwart such attempts, an Operation Alert has been started, said officials.During this period, foot-patrolling, camel patrolling, vehicle patrolling etc will be increased. Footprint checking, which is done twice a day, will be done thrice a day. Sources said that in this exercise, officers and jawans of all units of BSF will participate. There is information that the Pakistani intelligence agency has dumped consignments of fake currency notes and heroin in their area adjoining the Rajasthan border and during dust storms, they make efforts to push such consignments into Indian territory. In the past few months, three big cases of heroin smuggling took place at Ganganagar border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128382", "title": "Abeyance lifted on intake of 118 India Reserve Battalion recruits", "text": "PANAJI: The 118 new recruits of Goa police's India Reserve Battalion (IRB) whose appointment as IRB constables was kept in abeyance after seven days of training at the Police Training School (PTS), Valpoi, due to the election code of conduct have now been sent for nine months training to Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.\"They were sent for training after the order keeping their appointment on abeyance was lifted by the government. After the elections we pursued the matter with the present government and got an approval,\" said a senior officer.Sources said that on December 20, the 118 recruits received a message from police headquarters that they have been selected as constables and were asked to collect their appointment order. They were asked to report on December 23 to police headquarters. However, as December 23 was a Friday, they couldn't join till December 27. But by December 27, elections in Goa were declared and the code of conduct came into force.The 118 new recruits joined work and were asked to report for training at PTS as they didn't immediately get a slot for training with CRPF outside the state.The Bharatiya Janata Party wrote letters to the Election Commission of India, drawing its attention to issuance of backdated appointment letters to aspiring candidates in various Government departments and submission of their acceptance letters way past announcement of elections in the state.ECI then sought clarification from all departments, including the police, and then issued a notification stating that no recruitments should be done when the code of conduct is in existence in the state. Once the notification was issued, the SP (headquarters) issued an order keeping the appointment of 118 recruits in abeyance and asked the PTS to implement the order on priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13127446", "title": "Married for 50 years, they want their marriage registered", "text": "PANCHKULA: In their 70s, when many people lead a retired life, there are couples who are getting their marriages registered. Four such elderly couples who have got their marriages registered with the Panchkula Municipal Corporation office -- of who two are newly-weds -- have been reported in the past 10 days.It was recently that an elderly newly-wed couple got their marriage registered here at the office. The bridegroom was 75 and the bride was 56. The woman is a Non Resident Indian (NRI), while the groom is a Panchkula resident, whose first wife is dead, said O P Sihag, executive officer of the Panchkula Municipal Corporation. He added, When these couples came, first we thought that they might have come for some other work but when they said that they wanted to get their marriages registered, it was a bit surprising. Though the couples felt a bit shy talking about it, our employees made them feel comfortable.Another newly-wed couple got their marriage registered corporation recently. The groom was 73 and the bride 61. There were two more old couples who got their marriages registered recently. While one groom was 76, his wife was a year or two his junior. In the second case, the groom was 78 and his wife, 73. Though they had got married earlier but got themselves registered only now. One of the couples said that they were so busy with household chores and careers of their children that they only found time now to get their marriages registered, said another officer. He added, Another couple said they had to go abroad because of which they wanted to get their marriage registered.As per the Marriage Registration Act, a newly wed couple has to get themselves registered within 90 days of the solemnization of the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129116", "title": "'Nothing frivolous about accessory designing'", "text": "Designing is fun and accessory designing even more so. I love to use my fingers to create new things. I completed a postgraduate in applied bio-molecular sciences from Nottingham University, UK, but realised that it is accessory designing that allows me to bring my imagination to life. Coming from a science background I had my own reservations on dabbling in what I thought was a frivolous field. I started the course as a hobby, but now it has become a passion.Accessory designing involves designing products used to complement fashion. These include fashion jewellery, handbags, footwear, belts, headgears, and anything else one can use one's imagination in. I completed a four-month accessory design course from the India International Trade Centre (IITC), Mumbai. After this course one can work as a designer, stylist, merchandiser among others.The course updates one with the latest trends in fashion accessory. We were taught to design and embellish jewellery, bags, clutches, belts, footwear, hair accessories, practically as well as on paper. To create a variety of handmade products we used materials like fabric, paper, clay, metal and glass beads, newspaper, wire etc. We also had a chance to exhibit our handmade products in an exhibition held by IITC in November last year held exclusively for its students. Here we got a chance to explore the market and understand the latest trends and also understood the preferences of customers.Accessory designing is a profitable business. The global fashion industry has significantly expanded in the last decade and good designers are in demand. Such courses train young students and even homemakers like me to turn it into a serious profession. Long after the course was over, I exhibited at various up-market locations around Mumbai and have taken orders for customised jewellery. I recently launched my own brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13128518", "title": "Poverty no bar for Bokaro toppers", "text": "BOKARO: A government-aided high school at Taranari in Red-hit Chandrapura block is now talk of the town for producing district toppers in the Class X Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) examination.The first, second and fourth ranks in the examination in the district have been bagged by students of this school. Unlike 121 Jharkhand board schools in the district, the students here are performing exemplarily well for the past five years.Visiting Taranari, about 18 km from the district headquarters, one can find the school building like any other government schools. But what stands out in the school is its discipline. This year, the result of Bokaro in the board exam was not so good as only 69.53% students have passed of the 35,733 candidates appeared in the district. But the students of Taranari high school have performed well as 70% of the total appeared students have passed with first division marks.Ravi Kumar has become the district topper by scoring 430 marks (86%). The second position is achieved by Baidyanath Mahto who got 422 marks (84.4%) of the same school. And, Ajay Kumar comes fourth in the toppers' list scoring 421 marks (84.2%).Fathers of Ravi and Baidyanath are farmers while Ajay is a son of a railway employee. Of the 451 students studying in the school, 80% of them come from farmers' family. The strength of girl students are more than the boys in the school, said headmaster Amrit Mahto.Amrit said he and his team of 17 teachers give full attention to each student. He also extended credit to parents of the students who focused on studies of their wards.Amrit said in 2008, the state human resource development department has awarded his school as an 'utkrisht (special)' among 35 such schools across Jharkhand. The then education minister had felicitated him in a ceremony as all the 154 students of his school who had appeared in the board examination had passed with first division marks.Residents of several villages, including Taranari, Paplo, Narra, Taranga, Ghatyari and Telo, whose children are studying in the school seemed proud with the result. Villagers were seen celebrating the success of their wards. Adding more glory to it, Dumri MLA Jaggannath Mahto has announced to award Ravi with a motorbike and Baidyanath with a laptop, said Gupteshwar Mahto, the Taranari panchayat mukhiya.Ravi, however, gave credit of his success to his teachers and parents. \"Because of my teachers and hard work, I could score 98 marks in maths, 73 in English, 81 in social science, 89 in Hindi and 89 in science. I have never taken tuition. It is all what taught in school I used to study at home. I want to become a mechanical engineer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133879", "title": "Music launch of 'Kya Delhi Kya Lahore' to happen in Pakistan?", "text": "If all goes well then Karan Arora will get the music launch of his next flick 'Kya Delhi Kya Lahore', which is being mentored by Gulzar sahab, in Pakistan .And it seems the producer of the movie is working hard really hard for that. \"This movie is a satire that depicts the life and challenges, which people from both the countries faced, right after the partition, and therefore I would love to take this movie to Pakistan and show it to our brothers and sisters there. Though, due to visa and other constraints my dream to get some shooting done in Pakistan , could not get fulfilled, I am not just looking forward to getting the music launch done there, but am also trying to take a big delegation from India there,\" claims Karan, on his recent visit to Allahabad, where he had come on a personal visit, adding, \"Since we have also roped in a few Pakistani singers in this project including Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, getting the music launch done there makes a lot of sense to me.\"Though, Karan's earlier project 'Bhindi Bazar ', did not turn out to be a commercial success, he feels ' Kya Delhi Kya Lahore ', is going to make a mark in a much bigger and better way. \" Bhindi Bhazar was my first project, where I did a lot of mistakes. But I have learnt my lessons and would ensure those things do not get repeated in future,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128837", "title": "Genco rapped for delay in developing coal blocks", "text": "NAGPUR: State power utility Mahagenco has been issued show cause notices for inordinate delay in developing captive coal blocks allotted to it. Timely work on the blocks would have ensured proper supply of coal for four of the seven thermal power stations in the state, which are currently facing huge shortage of coal, hampering power generation and also leading to losses.To cater to the requirement of coal for its existing and new power projects, ministry of coal (MoC) had allotted three captive coal blocks - Mahanadi &amp; Macchakata and Chendipada-I &amp; II in Orissa and Bhivkund in Vidarbha to Mahagenco. But it failed to develop the blocks and ensure coal production in time, leaving its new power units facing a shortage of coal.Warning about de-allocation of the blocks, excluding Bhivkund, the MoC's notice dated May 4 has pointed out that Mahagenco had even failed to get clearance certificates. \"Mahanadi &amp; Macchakata block was allotted on February 6, 2006. As per rules, the coal production should start within 36 months (42 months in case it is forest land) in case of open cast mine, and 48 months (54 months in case of forest area) in case of underground mine. Accordingly, coal production was to start from August 6, 2009. No serious efforts have been made to develop the block. Mahagenco has repeatedly failed to keep its promises made to the ministry and is thus non-serious about timely development of the block,\" said the MoC.The same notice has been issued to Gujarat State Electricity Board (GSEB) as the block was allotted jointly to two power utilities. Mahagenco and GSEB had formed a joint venture, Mahaguj Collieries Limited, to develop the block. The block is very big and comprises geological reserves of whopping 1,400 million tones coal.The expected coal production from the block is 50 million tonne per annum (MTPA) of which Mahagenco would get 30 MTPA. If the production had started in 2009, Mahagenco would not have any problems related to coal supply. Currently, the total requirement of Mahagenco for its seven thermal power stations is around 40 MTPA. So, development of this block would had been very beneficial for Mahagenco.Similarly, the MoC has also issued show cause notice to Mahagenco for delay in developing Chendipada-I &amp; II blocks with geological reserves of 294.50 million tonne. The block was allotted on July 25, 2007 and production was to start on January 25, 2011 in the first block, and on April 25, 2013 for the second block.Mahagenco managing director Subrat Ratho told TOI the government of India needs to step in and help the company.\"We are facing various problems in land acquisition and environment and forest clearances. Efforts are going on for last many years but not bearing fruits. The Centre should help solve the problems,\" he said.The MoC has also issued show cause notices to Maharashtra State Mining Corporation Limited and 51 private companies. Those from Vidarbha include M/s Field Mining and Ispat Ltd, M/s Wani Coalfields Private Ltd, M/s Kesoram Industries Ltd, M/s Maharashtra Seamless Ltd , M/s Dhariwal Infrastructure Ltd, M/s Gujarat Ambuja Cements Ltd and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128659", "title": "Woman held for helping hubby escape from jail", "text": "NASHIK: The Chandwal police have arrested Savita Jhalte (22), wife of Ashraf Hamid Shaikh, who escaped from the Chandwad sub-jail along with two others early on Saturday. Jhalte was held on Sunday night for providing a hacksaw blade to her husband to escape.The couple has been remanded to police custody till May 16.Shaikh had escaped from the sub-jail along with Sarfaraj Gulam Chaudhari and Khurshid Hamid Shaikh.The police have recovered a Hero Honda motorcycle of a police constable, which the accused had stolen to escape.The three escaped from the sub-jail in Chandwal tehsil around 3am on Saturday, but Shaikh was arrested on Saturday evening. The trio made their escape by cutting through iron bars of the jail door by using the hacksaw blade. On their way, they stole a bike of a constable parked on the premises of the Chandwal police station.A few weeks back, the three had attempted to kill a youth over an illicit relationship. They were arrested by unit 1 of the crime branch from Bharat Nagar.After police custody, the trio was sent to magisterial custody. When the police learned that the three were involved in the theft of batteries installed for towers of mobile companies, they sought their police custody.While the entire police machinery went into a tizzy following their escape, the police realized a woman had come to meet them on Friday. They detained her for interrogation on the suspicion that she had provided them the blade.Reports said the police told her to call her husband claiming that she was hospitalized. Shaikh easily fell into the police trap at Nashik Road. The hunt for the other two is under way. There are 18 offences registered against Shaikh at the Nashik Road, Adgaon, Gangapur, Pimpalgaon Baswant, Vadner and other police stations, mainly related to theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131577", "title": "Rethika Srinivas is on a high", "text": "Rethika Srinivas, who has acted in Vazhakku Enn 18/9 as the school correspondent and very close associate of a state minister, is very glad that she has stunned audiences with her extraordinary performance in her very first attempt at acting.Rethika, who belongs to a Tamil family which is residing in Mumbai, has a post graduation in media studies from a UK-based University.She started her own media company, Ice Breakers, which has produced many ad films and conducted mega events in Dubai with Kollywood and Bollywood stars. Rethika has also acted in more than 40 ad films including for brands like BSA SLR, Preethi and Chennai Diamonds.Rethika Srinivas auditioned for the role in Vazhakku Enn 18/9 and says that director Balaji Sakthivel had full faith on her and gave complete freedom to perform.Now, the actress is being approached by many filmmakers who want to sign her on for their films after watching her performance in Vazhakku Enn 18/9 . But Rethika says she is not in a hurry to sign films.Quiz her about the feedback from her family, given that she plays a negative character in the film, and Rethika says, \"First of all, everyone in my family praised me a lot. My husband, who knows nothing about Tamil cinema, watched Vazhakku Enn 18/9 again and again with his friends. As for audiences are concerned, they are very mature nowadays and can easily differentiate the character and the actor who is playing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127034", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board customers likely to get monthly water bills soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Secunderabad Cantonment will get water bills every month instead of once in six months. With this move, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) will now follow the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) model to improve its revenue.As per official records, there are around 20,000 water connections in the Cantonment area. Of them, 40% customers are paying bills promptly. A special software is being developed to collate data of customers. \"Once the data is collated, we will issue notices. In case, customers do not respond/clear arrears, then we will disconnect water connection without intimation. Our target is to collect arrears and improve revenue,\" the SCB official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/faridabad", "code": "13127538", "title": "Toll order: Keep 50 paise to pay for Gurgaon-Faridabad Road", "text": "NEW DELHI/FARIDABAD: Commuters on the Gurgaon expressway or the DND flyway have already been facing major difficulties in giving Re 1 or Rs 2 change to pay the toll, but the worst nightmare is waiting to happen on Gurgaon-Faridabad Road. For multiple trips in a day, cars and three-wheelers on this road would have to pay Rs 22.50.The Haryana Public Works Department has notified the rates for all categories of vehicles and a huge hoarding has also been placed near the toll plaza at Bandhwadi village. PWD officials put the blame of this \"peculiar pricing\" on the document prepared by the planning commission. \"The toll rate for a round trip for cars, jeeps and three-wheelers has been calculated as per the norms laid down by the plan panel,\" said a senior official. A one-way trip is pegged at Rs 15.Admitting that the 50 paise change will become a huge problem, PWD engineer-in-chief Mahesh Kumar told TOI, \"Now that it has come to my notice we will find a solution. Getting 50 paise change is difficult these days and we know how change is becoming a bigger problem for commuters and the private concessionaire collecting toll.\" He, however, said a round figure would soon be worked out.The 25km state highway has been widened from two to four lanes. The concessionaire Reliance Infrastructure, which expects a huge jump in the traffic flow on this stretch, is taking no risk. A RInfra spokesperson said the toll rates had been fixed and displayed following the concession agreement signed between the Haryana PWD and the company and it could not be changed now. The spokesperson said that now they cannot make any change. \"Daily commuters travelling by car, jeep, three-wheelers need to pay Rs 22.50 for two-way journeys, which is one and a half times of the single-journey rate,\" an official statement said.The spokesperson added that the company had discussed the change problem with RBI, which has agreed to supply more 50 paise coins in Haryana. \"Our toll plaza staff are also instructed to ensure that commuters do not face any inconvenience because of 50 paise coins,\" he said.Commuters who have been using the road without paying any fee are angry with such \"ridiculous\" charges. \"We hardly get 50 paise coins and even if the concessionaire gives us the change, how are we going to use them? In the name of the rule book, the government can't force us to face a bigger problem. If the notified charge is not rationalized, we will end up in long jams at the toll plaza,\" said Rajesh Keith, who uses this road regularly.The concessionaire said it would soon introduce smart cards for daily commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126566", "title": "Pune's poor don't have access to water: Rajendra Singh", "text": "PUNE: Water conservation expert and Magsaysay awardee Rajendra Singh made a strong plea for protecting the rivers in the city, saying that untreated water should not be let into the rivers, there should be no encroachments on river beds and the ecological flow should not be disturbed.Singh was speaking at the Pune District Water Conference (Pune Zilla Paani Parishad) organised by the Pune Zilla Pani Hakka Samiti, formed by political parties and organisations, in the city on Sunday. He said that the participants should take an oath to work together for the revival of the rivers.Singh, who is the president of the Rashtriya Jalbiradari, said that water is being exploited in Pune. \"The poor in the city don't get access to water. All the five rivers in Pune region have been converted to nullahs,\" he said.Earlier on Sunday, Singh, Prakash Ambedkar of the Bharatiya Republican Party, and other members of Jal Biradari, visited Devnadi in Baner, Mutha river bed stretch from Vithawaldi to NH-4, and Ramnadi to inspect the current situation.Singh, who was instrumental in rejuvenating many rivers in the country, said that despite the stay order from the Bombay high court on the ongoing concretisation of water bodies in the city, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) was constructing a road along the Mutha river bed stretch from Vithalwadi to NH-4 under JNNURM. The PMC has interpreted the court order wrongly, he said.\"Pune receives 12 MLD (million litres per day) of water, and I was told that there are plans to treat 7 MLD of water. This means that at present, most of the untreated water is discharged into the water bodies. Even treated water should not be let into rivers and it can be used for irrigation and domestic purpose,\" he said.At the conference, experts and political leaders discussed the water supply and distribution crisis the district is facing, solutions for the crisis, and the direction of the movement to ensure change in the situation.Ambedkar, president of the Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh, appealed to citizens to come together and fight for their rights. \"Citizens should pressurise elected members to either provide water or resign,\" he said.Suneel Joshi, state chief of Jal Biradari Singh, pointed out the sorry state of the polluted Ujjani dam. \"The villagers on the bank of the dam have to suffer as the water is not potable. We have to act now or Varasgaon and Khadakwasla will reach the same state too,\" he said.The team with Rajendra Singh also visited Bhukum village, in Mulshi talulka to study a well restoration project initiated by villagers. The 'Mauli-Aai' well built by Ahilyabai Holkar will be cleaned and revived through community participation under a movement to protect, revive and restore natural sources of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126775", "title": "Youth held for trying to steal mobile phone", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old man was arrested on Saturday evening for trying to snatch a mobile phone from a parcel booking office at the railway station. Police said that the victim, Lokanathan (38), a resident of Erode was working as a supervisor at the parcel booking service in the railway station. Saturday evening while he was working in office, a youth took his mobile kept on desk and ran away. While running away, a constable at the railway station caught him. He was taken into custody by the Railway Police. teh culprit has been identified as Chandru (19) from Changanassery in Kerala.Police said that Chandru was an inmate of an orphanage in Changanassery. He was said to be adopted by the orphanage after he landed at the place on a train from some state in the North. He was allegedly involved in a few theft cases earlier and was lodged at the Porstal School, a jail for prisoners between the age group of 18 to 21 years in Pollachi. He was remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13128678", "title": "\u2018Bill Clinton dubbed Obama incompetent'", "text": "NEW YORK: Former US President Bill Clinton dubbed Barack Obama \"incompetent\" and pressed wife Hillary to quit her job as secretary of state to challenge the incumbent president in the primaries, a new book has claimed.\"The country needs you!\" the former president had told Hillary Clinton, urging her to run this year, according to accounts of the conversation included in Edward Klein's new biography of Obama.Obama, Bill Clinton had said, according to excerpts, \"doesn't know how to be president\" and is \"incompetent\".The title of Klein's explosive , unauthorized biography of Obama, 'The Amateur' , was taken directly from Bill Clinton's bombshell criticism of the president, the author said. \"Barack Obama,\" Clinton said, \"is an amateur.\" The withering criticism is incredible , given the fact that Bill Clinton is actively campaigning for Obama's re-election , the New York Post said.According to the book, Bill Clinton unloaded on Obama and pressed Hillary to run against her boss during a gathering in the ex-president's home office in Chappaqua last August that included longtime friends.\"The economy's a mess, it's dead flat. America has lost its Triple-A rating . . . You know better than Obama does,\" Bill had said. Hillary resisted the entreaties, according to two of the guests interviewed. \"Why risk everything now?\" a sceptical Hillary said, emphasising that she wanted to leave a legacy as secretary of state.The book's claims were shot down by spokesmen for the White House and the Clintons . Bill Clinton's spokesman said the excerpts were \"completely false\" . The White House spokesman accused Klein of making up facts to sell books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131494", "title": "Punjabi market in Canadian cities: A reflection on ethnic enclaves", "text": "Are ethnic enclaves a good or bad thing for Canadian cities? Should immigrants assimilate and disperse into mainstream English and French speaking communities or cluster together in their own ethnic enclaves? I am most familiar with South Asian settlement in British Columbia, especially the emergence of a vibrant Punjabi market district in Vancouver and Surrey. Vancouver has a population of approximately 600,000; 49% people in Vancouver have English as their mother tongue and about 3% speak Punjabi as their mother tongue. In Surrey, which has a population approaching 500,000, English is the mother tongue of 56% populace and a significant 19% speak Punjabi as their mother tongue.When Punjabi Sikh settlers first came to British Columbia in the late 1800's and early 1900's, it could be argued that ethnic enclaves were a necessity. Many Sikh immigrants faced severe racial discrimination due to the local population being concerned that the Sikh immigrants may work for less and take their jobs. The Sikhs were different with their turbans and traditional customs. The Sikhs gathered and lived together for support, to afford a place to live in, and to earn a living. The early Chinese and Japanese settlers faced considerable discrimination as well. It is not surprising, therefore, that the historical foundation was laid for the eventual realization of ethnic enclaves like Chinatown and Punjabi market. These ethnic enclaves were essentially in response to difficulties in integration.Ethnic enclaves are not the same as ethnic ghettos, which are common in the USA, especially among some impoverished African-American communities in major American cities. Canada has a much stronger social safety net, official multiculturalism policy and a much more healthy approach to immigration than the USA. Nonetheless, perhaps the large impoverished and somewhat neglected Aboriginal population in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver is the closest thing to an ethnic ghetto in Canada. It is important to note, however, that the history, settlement patterns, public safety issues, government response, and approach to poverty and social problems in the Downtown Eastside is probably very different than the American experience.The Punjabi ethnic enclaves in Vancouver and Surrey are actually thriving middle class communities and commercial districts. Most members of the community are property owners and their children are becoming professionals such as doctors, lawyers, and engineers and contributing to Canada. This does not mean there are not problems in the community such as organized crime, gender selection, and lack of integration and language problems. In fact, you can go to some popular fast food restaurants in Surrey and the person at the front counter cannot even speak fluent English.Nonetheless, there are many benefits to ethnic enclaves. They provide a focal point for the community. They are a gathering place for people of similar origins and provide an efficient way to provide culturally sensitive public services such as English language, settlement, translation, and employment training services. Ethnic enclaves add colour to cities. The Punjabi market in Vancouver and Surrey are fast becoming a tourist draw and shopping mecca for high quality silks, suits , saris, sweets, spices, delicious authentic curry dishes, ornate gold jewellery, and of course Bollywood films. The Punjabi and Hindi films showcased at the Strawberry Hill cinemas in Surrey are often packed with local South Asian residents and even many members of the mainstream community. Furthermore, the evolution of an ethnic enclave is in keeping with freedom of mobility rights and is democratic. Many Canadians, however, argue that it is not healthy to form ethnic enclaves where people of similar interests, religions, customs, language, and culture gather together. They say it will lead to the balkanization of Canada, as there is a point of no return when some ethnic enclaves grow and grow so large. We have seen the racial and religious riots that engulfed Paris recently by the largely Muslim population who were starting to feel alienated and neglected by the French government. Is there really a breaking point? Should Canadians be concerned about what is happening to their cities and communities? Will ethnic enclaves eventually lead to alienation, decreasing property values, social division, unrest, lack of integration by immigrants, and racial riots? What can be done to prevent this from happening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127305", "title": "Renting shops may cost dear to owners", "text": "INDORE: A survey conducted by the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) to detect illegal subletting of shops under its control in the city markets has revealed that out of 4,500 shops, about 200 have reportedly been sublet by the licencees for obvious purpose of earning fast bucks. The civic body's survey is underway and it has covered only 60 out of 104 market places in the city indicating that the number of illegal subleasing of shops by owners may go up once the survey is over.With this finding, the civic body is gearing up to act against subletting of shops by its owners once the list of such shops are ready and fresh licences will be issued to these shops based on new rent rates. IMC earns around Rs 4 crore of revenue per annum in the form of rent from these shops and now planning to increase its revenue from rent and license.IMC has nearly 4,500 shops in around 104 markets spread across the city. Till now, the survey is over in around 60 markets and so far 200 shops have been found to have been sublet by their respective owners during the drive. Deputy commissioner (license) R S Sanger said that all the 200 shopkeepers have been issued notices. The civic body had planned to ramp up the rent of shops under its control in the 2012-13 annual budget which was quickly met with stiff opposition from the traders. At that time, the traders had alleged that rents have been increased 200 to 300% and termed it as unjust. However, the IMC has taken the stand that shops' rents have not been hiked since long and they are loosing huge a revenue as a result of it. As of now, IMC charges Rs 2 per square feet as rent from these shops and now proposing to increase it up to Rs 25 per square feet.\"Rent of IMC's shops are very less whereas in the same area private players are charging hefty amounts as rent. Taking advantage of it, some of the shopkeepers have sublet their shops and they are earning good amount of money,\" said an official adding that during survey they checked out whether the shops were operating or not or if it was run by the person who was allotted the shop. The IMC takes possession of those shops, which are not functional or the ones being sublet. The official said that the civic body would issue fresh licence to the sublet shops at new rate. It will increase the revenue of the IMC.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that they were trying to diversify the revenue basket of civic body. As of now, property tax is one of the major sources of revenue for the IMC and they are trying to explore more avenues of income sources to achieve target of Rs 300 crore for 2012-13.The IMC takes possession of those shops, which are not functional or the ones being sublet. The civic body would issue fresh licence to the sublet shops at new rate. It will increase the revenue of the IMC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128619", "title": "Kalakshetra in crisis over Samson\u2019s return", "text": "CHENNAI: She is a protege of the legendary Rukmini Devi Arundale, a Bharatanatyam dancer of national repute, and a much-decorated figure in the corridors of power. But would that be enough to reinstate Leela Samson at the helm of affairs at the elite Kalakshetra dance academy?Despite the unanimous support of the academy's governing board, Leela Samson's return as director of Kalakshetra Foundation is fraught with legal and procedural challenges. If the 61-year-old dancer of eminence is to be reappointed, the union ministry of tourism and culture --- which governs Kalakshetra -- will have to rework the Foundation's recruitment rules, especially the upper age limit for appointment to the post of director which is currently 55.\"But can government rules be changed to accommodate a single person?\" asks RT Shyamala, counsel for CS Thomas, a retired faculty member from Kalakshetra who filed a writ petition in the Madras high court against Samson holding the post of director after attaining the official retirement age of 60 years.An angry Samson had resigned abruptly from her post on April 12 after questions were raised regarding the issue at a board meeting two days earlier. At the next meeting on May 11, the governing board passed resolutions seeking her reinstatement and urging the ministry to bring her back. She has been subsequently quoted as saying that she is willing to reconsider the post.Since she had not withdrawn her resignation before April 30, the last day as per her notice period, the only option now is a reappointment. \"Samson handed over the responsibilities of her post and the deputy director had been appointed as director-in-charge. If she has to be reappointed, the ministry will have to first appoint a search committee and invite applications for the position,\" says Shyamala.The governing board had also recommended that the ministry modify recruitment rules with regards to age suitably so as to make Leela Samson's reinstatement possible. The board had called Samson's leadership of Kalakshetra \"visionary\" and appreciated her work at the academy over the last seven years in her role as director.Senior artists have welcomed the resolution. \"If the rules are modified based on this resolution, it will set a good precedent for other art institutions as most artists evolve after they turn 60 and it is not right to prevent them from holding a position because of that reason,\" says dancer VP Dhananjayan. Posts such as director general of the Archeological Survey of India and the director general of the National Archives of India under ministry of culture have a retirement age of 70 years. The member secretary of the Indira Gandhi National Centre for Arts can continue in the post up to the age of 65.However, when the case comes up for hearing next, Thomas' counsel is planning to challenge the board's powers to pass such a resolution regarding Samson's recruitment. There is also a debate over whether the culture ministry can refuse to acknowledge the retirement age for the director's post after having accepted Samson's resignation, which stated superannuation as the reason.Leela Samson was appointed to the position of director of Kalakshetra Foundation in February 2005 under a short term contract. However, unlike any other government post, her contract mentioned neither an upper age limit nor specified the tenure even while she enjoyed all the benefits under the government's sixth pay commission recommendations. \"Under the sixth pay commission recommendations, some fundamental rules are applicable to all government employees, one of them being a retirement age of 60,\" says Shyamala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127523", "title": "Municipal Corporation flouts own rule to water parks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to watering of plants, it seems that the municipal corporation is defying its own order that parks have to be watered using only tertiary water as the MC has given a fresh water connection to the Butterfly Park in Sector 26.This water is being used to water trees and other plants there. Not just this, there is a big pond in the park that too is being filled with fresh water.This, even as most sectors of the city continue to suffer because of low water pressure. And to tackle this very problem, the MC had ordered that no cars be washed and no lawns watered using fresh water. The MC even waters its parks and lawns using tertiary water and wherever pipelines of tertiary water are not there, tertiary water tankers are used for watering. But when it comes to the Butterfly Park, all the orders seem to have been ignored.The park is spread in an area of 7 acres. The pond in the park is being filled using fresh water supply, while the plants too are being watered using fresh water and that too since 2009 when the forest department started maintaining it.In these three years, lakhs of gallons of water has been supplied but higher officials of the MC have no clue whether such a water connection is there or not.The caretaker and gardener of the park Ranbir said that for the past couple of months he has been taking care of the park and since then he has been gardening the entire park using fresh water supply only, and the pond too brims with it. He said that he does the watering in the morning before 9am, in the afternoon at 12.30pm and after 5pm in the evening because fresh water supply comes then only.Sat Parkash Aggarwal, member of the water supply and sewerage disposal committee said that this is a gross violation as there is scarcity of fresh water and already residents are facing a lot of problems because of the low pressure. To solve the problem the committee members are holding a meeting on Monday and this issue will also be raised then. Superintending engineer R C Diwan said he is not aware of such a water connection but it will certainly be removed if fresh water is being supplied because the instructions are very clear that gardening cannot be done using fresh water supplyHuge wastageAccording to sources since its inception in 2009 more than 1 crore 2 lakh litres of water have been consumed. In the current reading the meter is showing usage of over 2 lakh liters of water. Around 34,000 people could have easily consumed this water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13128044", "title": "Minting a skilled work force", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Class IX student Manjulata Sahu was forced to quit school last year to help her family in domestic chores until it was time for her to get married. That would have been the end of the Nimapada girl's education. But the teenager was soon lured by the promise of campus placement with Rs 5,000 monthly salary after a month's training by a Bhubaneswar-based institution.With a large number of agencies giving funds to support skill development these days, top notch institutions have changed their focus from distributing fancy degrees to impart employable expertise to those with almost no educational qualifications to boast of. Bar bending and steel fixing, masonry, driving and motor mechanic, sewing are some of the skills in high demand zeroed in on by organizations to reduce the demand-supply gap.After one month of sewing machine operator's training at Centurion University of Technology and Management (CUTM), Manjulata would be able to take a three-month on-job training with a monthly pay of Rs 3,500. \"After that I will get a garment industry job of around Rs 5,000 with accommodation facility in an Indian city. What an exciting change,\" beamed Manjulata. CUTM has already trained 3,000 students as sewing machine operators.\"There is a huge demand for this kind of training. We are unable to produce sufficient manpower for industries approaching us for people with such soft skills,\" said Mukti Mishra chairman of Gram Tarang Employability Training Services, an initiative of CUTM.Around 15 million youth need initial vocational training every year in India and the existing private and public institutional capacity is only three million. \"To meet the huge demand, we wanted to partner in this sector as a major thrust area,\" said Mishra. Gram Tarang offers training in desktop publishing (DTP), tailoring, motor repair, wielding, among others. It has training centres in Paralakhemundi, Bhubaneswar, Rayagada, Balangir, Balasore and Koraput in the state besides four centres in Andhra Pradesh.\"While government departments such as ministry of rural development and ministry of SC/ST development support different kinds of training, we have also collaborated with industry to churn out skilled manpower needed for them,\" said Abhinav Madan, managing director of Gram Tarang. Though most of the training is mainly for school dropouts or for those with low educational qualification, several graduates too are joining the courses because of guaranteed jobs, he added.If someone visits the fast progressing construction work at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Bhubaneswar, chances are high that one would come across semi-skilled construction workers trained at Sri Sri University (SSU) here, promoted by spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. \"Vocational training is an important aspect of our university. All our trainees on bar bending and steel fixing are getting campus placements. Larsen and Toubro is our largest recruiter,\" said Vijaya Lakshmi Mohanty, associate director (public relation) of the university. SSU vice-chancellor Kailash Chandra Mishra said the varsity will expand its vocational training base to cover several other skill-oriented training soon.All the 15,000 tribal students taking admission in Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences (KISS) get vocational training as an integral part of the curriculum. Every student undergoes vocational education in one of the 50 trades offered as per his or her talent, the institute claims. KISS offers computer training, painting, composite farming, photo framing, food processing, incense stick making, animal husbandry, food processing and preservation, tailoring, applique, bakery, soft toy making and driving, among others.Chief secretary B K Patnaik, during a meeting on skill development here on Friday, said the state targets to train one million youth during the 12th Plan period. Currently, there are 800 technical institutions and training centers in the state with an yearly intake capacity of 1,34,000 students. Around 70,000 youth are to be trained outside these institutions each year in association with private training partners, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128486", "title": "Jharkhand human resource development cancels teachers\u2019 recruitment test", "text": "RANCHI: After a series of protests from various student unions and applicants, the state human resource development (HRD) department has decided to cancel the high school (upgraded) teachers' recruitment examination scheduled for May 23.The HRD department had sent a letter to the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) on Sunday to cancel the teachers' recruitment examination for 3,000 posts.\"The main reason to cancel the examination was that the syllabus was not yet announced. Syllabus was provided in the examination conducted by Jharkhand Public Service Commission in 2008 but the JAC was unable to provide a proper syllabus this time,\" said B K Tripathy, the HRD secretary.An applicant for the examination, Tulsi Kumar, said, \"We had been demanding a proper syllabus since the examination date was announced but all that JAC said was that the questions will be from the graduation level. There are five universities in Jharkhand and we had no clue about syllabus of which university should be followed.\"The applicants heaved a sigh of relief after the examinations were cancelled. Arvind Mahto, an applicant, said, \"I was really worried about how I will prepare for the examination in such a short notice. I am thankful to the HRD department to understand our problem and cancel the examination.\"Another major reason for cancellation of examination was creation of 6,000 more vacancies in upgraded high schools. Tripathy said, \"We decided that if the examination is postponed for one or two months then examination for a total of 9,000 posts can be taken together. There is no meaning of taking examination for the same post twice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13129227", "title": "Corp asks minister to give land for anganwadi centres", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode crporation has written a letter to revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan to take necessary steps to provide revenue land in the corporation limit for the construction of anganwadi centres.The high land price and paucity of funds had forced the civic body to approach the department. Out of the 584 anganwadi centres less than 250 centres have their own building; others function in rented buildings.\"The state government provides only Rs 50,000 for the construction of an anganwadi from its planning fund,\" said M Radhakrishnan, social welfare standing committee chairman. \"We need around Rs 15 lakh to 20 lakh to construct an anganwadi in the present market rate of land and construction materials. At least two and a half cent is needed for the construction of anganwadi. We need a minimum of Rs 5 lakh to purchase a cent of land,'' said Radhakrishnan. \"We would be able to construct around 150 anganwadies if the government allots revenue land for the same. Some of the schools have come forward with a helping hand saying that they will provide a portion of the school building to operate the anganwadies,\" said chairman.He said they are waiting for the response of the revenue department.Kozhikode: The Kozhikode Corporation has written a letter to Revenue Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan urging the minister to take needed steps to provide revenue land in the corporation limit for the construction of building for the anganwadies in its limit.The high land price in the corporation and paucity of funds had forced the civic body to approach the Revenue Department requesting it to issue a Government Order (GO) which will allow the construction of anganwadi building in revenue land.At present the Kozhikode Corporation has a total of 584 anganwadi centres in its 75 wards. Of the 584 anganwadies , only less than 250 anganwadies are having their own building. Rest of them are functioning in rented buildings.M Radhakrishnan, Social Welfare Standing Committee chairman said that the state government is providing only Rs, 50,000 for the construction of an anganwadi from its Planning Fund. we need around Rs.15 lakh to 20 lakh to construct an anganwadi building in the present market rate of land and building materials. At least two and half cent is needed for the construction of an angawadi . We need a minimum of Rs. 5 lakh to purchase a cent of land,'' said the social welfare standing committee chairman. We would be able to construct around 150 anganwadies if the government allots revenue land for the same. Some of the schools have also come forward with a helping hand saying that they will provide a portion of the school building to operate the anganwadies,'' said the standing committee chaiperson.The Kozhikode Corporation has also requested the education institutions in its limit to provide a portion of their land for the functioning of the anganwadies.We have submitted the letter and are waiting for the response of the Revenue Department,'' said Radhakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127234", "title": "Students set to pay for govt\u2019s fee lapses", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to arm-twist the state government into releasing fee reimbursement arrears, engineering and other professional colleges on Sunday announced that, starting next year, they would be forced to ask students to pay up the fee in case of any delays in the release of official funds.Colleges said that they will ask students from the fresh batch as well as the current batches to pay their own fees from the coming academic year, 2012-13, if the government fails to release the first installment of funds by July 2012.The decision was taken on Sunday at the general body meeting of the Consortium of Engineering and Professional College Managements' Association. As per a Supreme Court order, the government is supposed to pay up the fees in four installments - in July, October, January and March.The association claimed that despite a Supreme Court order asking the state government to clear fee arrears, the government is yet to release Rs 2,000 crore under the scheme this year. Speaking at a media conference, Ramesh Nimmatoori, president of the consortium representing over 300 engineering and professional colleges, said that the government should follow apex court instructions and make the outstanding payment on time.\"If the government delays release of funds, we will have to trouble the students. It is the responsibility of the government to see to it that students face no harassment over fees,\" Nimmatoori said. Interestingly, since colleges have decided to increase their fees from the coming academic year, the state government will have to pay an extra Rs 1,500 crore over the original estimate of Rs 4,500.A recent SC judgment states that any college which implements the Sixth Pay Commission's scale for teaching staff would be allowed to hike its fees. \"About 400 engineering colleges out of a total 721 are ready to match the Sixth Pay Commission scale. That entitles them to increase their fees,\" said Nimmatoori.The colleges have also asked the government, which is reeling under the fee reimbursement burden, to do away with the management quota altogether. College managements have urged the government to follow All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) rules for admissions in the new academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129196", "title": "Fee hike: Kanpur parents body to hold dharna in front of Vidhan Bhawan", "text": "KANPUR: Members of Kanpur Parents Association will stage a one-day dharna in front of Vidhan Bhawan in Luckow on May 15 to protest against fee hike in English medium schools. The dharna will also be staged by the parents associations of different cities of the state, who are facing similar problems.Secretary of Kanpur Parents Association Sanjay Shukla said that the members expressed disappointment over the non-cooperative approach of administrative officials.\"All members of UP Parents Association will hold a day-long dharna outside Vidhan Bhawan on May 15,\" Shukla said.He added that there is an exorbitant hike in fee in different English medium schools on an annual basis. In some schools, the hike has crossed around 50 per cent during the last four years. This is putting additional burden on parents.Meanwhile, some schools are also gaining profit by directing students to buy uniform and books from particular shops. Various schools have increased annual vehicle charges.\"The extra charges are putting unnecessary burden on parents,\" said Satendra Mishra, member of parents association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13128794", "title": "Collector, MLA clash over project works", "text": "BHANDARA: District collector Pradeep Kalbhor and BJP MLA Nana Patole had a wordy duel at the district rural development agency (DRDA) steering committee meeting on Saturday. The drama unfolded in the presence of Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel , who was in the chair, when Patole wanted to know why the district was lagging behind in implementing various projects funded by the central government.The meeting was also attended by Shiv Sena MLA Narendra Bhondekar, CEO of Bhandara ZP Arun Dubey and heads of various government departments and agencies in which schemes funded and implemented by DRDA were reviewed.A specially prepared note was circulated among members and subject-wise review was done. When the question of computerization of revenue records of farmers' agriculture property came up before the committee, Patole asked why the district was lagging behind. He also wanted to know the progress of allocation of grant to handicapped and old age beneficiaries of Sanjay Gandhi scheme. He commented that there was a staff crunch in the office of the district collector. On this, instead of giving a satisfactory reply, Kalbhor came to the podium and reportedly spoke rudely with Patole.As the MLA asked to speed up implementation of the government schemes, Kalbhor arrogantly said that he was doing his best despite staff crunch. Patel also appeared uncomfortable on seeing the two engaged in war of words.Patole told Kalbhor that he would raise the issue in the assembly and question the behaviour of a public servant at government meetings. Patole told TOI, \"Kalbhor was the servant of a political boss from Gondia and he proved the allegiance before him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13130874", "title": "Fireman's residence burgled in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Miscreants decamped with 10 tolas of gold and other valuables, including cash to the tune of Rs 8,000, from the residence of a fire brigade employee at Hazaripahad.The burglars, who also took around 10 tolas of silver, had sneaked away with the valuables when the Gade family was on a pilgrimage tour to Panchmari.The cops from Gittikhadan police station reached the residence of Gades on Sunday evening after the family discovered the theft on their return from the tour.Thefts at vacant houses have become common in the city with the onset of the summer season. Police said that it is common for the burglars to take advantage of this season when families prefer to go for vacations and pilgrimages.Police said that the burglars might have jumped over the boundary wall to access the premises and later damaged the front door lock to gain entry into the house.The burglars ransacked the residence before they were able to lay their hands on the valuables which were kept in an almirah in the kitchen.Police also said that the burglars tried to look for more booty elsewhere in the house too. Fingerprint experts too were summoned at the spot along with the dog unit.Meanwhile, an offence of burglary has been registered at the Gittikhadan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126970", "title": "It is real itchy for inmates in hostels as scabies cases go up", "text": "BHOPAL: No early end to hostel inmates' travails appears in sight. Overcrowding, poor hygiene conditions are leading to more case of skin diseases in college students. The issue has once again come to the fore as many medical experts are now recommending youngsters to be vigilant with cases of 'clean man scabies' - which is passed between people by close skin contact.\"Scabies is most common among those who live in overcrowded conditions. The core of the problem is a large student population living in unhygienic conditions,\" said dermatologist Dr Sumit Soni. There are hundreds of hostels in the city with an estimated student population running into lakhs.\"The number of those who suffer from scabies infection is on the rise in college students. The first time someone is infected with scabies, he or she may not notice any itching for a number of weeks (four to six weeks),\" he added. By and large, diagnosis can be made simply by observing the characteristic burrows of the mites causing scabies, but the entire group has to disinfected, he said. Suresh Kaul (name changed) is a native of Satna studying in an engineering college in Bhopal . \"I first found I had scabies late last year. But the infection reoccurred thrice until I changed my PG accommodation,\" said Kaul.Even girl hostels are not from infection. \"Number of girls with skin problems has nearly doubled in recent times. Earlier, we assumed it was due to poor quality of cosmetics they might use, but now it's the living conditions which are to blame,\" said a doctor of JP hospital.In recent inspections carried out by food and drug administration (FDA) hostels unhygienic hostel and canteen conditions were established, however they were let off after a warning. \"We would revisit the hostels in due course and if they are found to be in violation of FDA we will penalise them,\" said district designate FDA officer Dr Pankaj Shukla.\"The truth is not only you have to maintain hygiene but ensure you roomies do the same. Infestation can also spread through the clothes, bed sheets, sofas that are used by the patient,\" said Dr Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13129308", "title": "Udasi bats for BSY", "text": "Hubli: State public works department minister, C M Udasi, while speaking to reporters in Gadag on Sunday said that politics is like a sports and one should take it with sportsman spirit.He said chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has become chief minister with the help of B S Yeddyurappa and he should not forget it.Udasi also said: \"We all have become ministers with the help of B S Yeddyurappa. So we have given our resignation to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa. Yeddyurappa is our leader now and we will follow his decision\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128876", "title": "Lack of qualified magistrates badly affects child rights", "text": "Kochi: The 10th standard student who brutally murdered a classmate at Alappuzha on Wednesday might not get to be heard compassionately as chief judicial magistrates (CJMs) who hear cases of adults are hearing juvenile cases as well in Kerala, despite the law concerned stating otherwise.The law on juvenile cases, The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act of 2000, specifically states that no magistrate lacking special knowledge or training in child psychology or child welfare should be appointed to head the Juvenile Justice Board in each district. The board consists of a magistrate and two social workers and decides on measures to rehabilitate and reform children.However, no separate post of juvenile magistrate has been created by the government, as has been done in Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. Instead, CJMs of each district who hear cases related to adults are given the charge of juvenile magistrates also. Temperament of CJMs who function as juvenile magistrates once in a week and as CJMs the rest of the week cannot be changed suddenly to protect the best interest of the child as required by law, says criminologist and author James Vadakumchery.\"A magistrate's personality cannot be changed like that. A magistrate cannot be a juvenile magistrate as well as an adult magistrate at the same time. Such a system is distorted and defective,\" he said.As CJMs are required by the law to monitor juvenile magistrates and ensure that cases don't pile up, the layer of monitoring put in place by law is lost , points out Sandhya J, child rights activist of Human Rights Law Network.Crime statistics available with National Crime Records Bureau for 2010 too reflects a defective system in Kerala. While 60.29% of the 826 juvenile cases were pending disposal in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, where separate juvenile magistrates hear cases, had much lower pendency rates. Only 22.93% of the 1,644 juvenile cases in Tamil Nadu were pending whereas Maharashtra had only 28.7% cases pending despite having registered a whopping 6,388 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131514", "title": "When friends decide to chill out", "text": "It was Saturday night and three friends, cricketer Sreesanth and actors Rajeev Pillai and Kailash, chose to spend their weekend by chilling out at a night club in Kochi.The three were spotted at Ava Lounge, Dream Hotel. A source says, Sreesanth, Rajeev Pillai and Kailash were sipping their drinks and did not bother to get on the dance floor. The three did not walk in single, but with their respective female partners, who are still unidentified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "uttarpara", "code": "13128574", "title": "Capsize: 3 more bodies found", "text": "Uttarpara: Three bodies were found floating near two ghats a day after a boat carrying pilgrims capsized in the Hooghly. Five bodies have been recovered so far. But police are yet to trace two-year-old Kankol Mondal who was on board with his mother.Three more bodies have been found on Sunday in the boat capsize tragedy in the Hooghly river.The deceased were identified as bodies of Tapasi Sardar, (in her twenties), Abhijit Mondal and Mihir Dey. While Tapasi's body was found near Dargatala Ghat in Uttarpara, the bodies of Abhjit and Mihir were found floating near Baromandir Ghat in Konnagar (aged between 30 and 40 years) were found floating near the two ghats on Sunday. With this three, a total of five bodies have been recovered so far. Two year old boy Kankol Mondal of Sukchar who accompanied her mother remains untraced.The country boat carrying 19 pilgrims from Sukchar in North 24-Parganas to a Kali temple in Konnagar capsized around 1am on Saturday. Police and local people launched rescue operation immediately. They managed to rescue 12 persons at the dead of the night. Two bodies were found after sunrise.The body of Tapasi Sardar was found near Dargatala ghat in Uttarpara while that of Abhjit Mondal and Mihir Dey were found near Baromandir ghat in Konnagar.Bansberia MLA and Trinamool Congress district president Tapan Dasgupta visited the ferry ghat on Sunday.\"The government has announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh each to the families of the victims. But there is need to be more careful as in order to avert such tragedy in future.most of these country boats are not fit to sail in the Hooghly,\" Dasgupta said. These boats usually carry more passengers than its capacity. It becomes all the more dangerous during this time of the year period when nor'westers are almost a regular affair. accompanied by squall hits this part of the country frequently.Also, the ferry ghats too are not maintained properly by the lessees who run them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129364", "title": "Traffic jam at Ramadevi causes inconvenience", "text": "KANPUR: A heavy jam was witnessed at Ramadevi on Sunday evening. A long row of trucks, roadways buses and cars was seen. The jam had taken into its grip the Ramadevi crossing and adjacent areas. It had affected the movement of vehicles on Kanpur-Lucknow highway.The residents of the area claimed that jam at Ramadevi has become a routine affair. They said that it is a routine problem. Large oil and gas tankers (trucks) were left stranded, queued up one behind the other.The long row of trucks extended over the fly-over which connects Ramadevi with Barra and beyond. The situation became grim when the light vehicles like cars tried escaping the jam from the lanes.The encroachments on the road by the fruit and vegetable vendors worsened the situation. The shanty shops had narrowed the road. The traffic cops stationed at Ramadevi crossing did not bother to clear the jam. It continued for hours. People remained stranded, finding ways to get out.Prateek, who was caught in the jam, said that this was for the second time in the week that he was stranded at the same place.Naresh, a resident of Jagaipurwa echoed similar sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126798", "title": "Burglars loot 40 sovereigns of gold from house in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Burglars broke into a house at Kothari Nagar in Singanallur here on Saturday night and decamped with 40 sovereigns of gold and cash amounting to three lakh kept in a shelf. The incident happened when a 45-year-old woman and her two daughters had gone on pilgrimage to Sree Padmanabha Swamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram.However, burglary at the house of an income tax officer in the same locality was prevented when a safety alarm went off forcing the robbers to flee. Owner of the house was away in Thenkasi with his family to attend a temple festival. Both the incidents were reported a day after robbers took away 84 sovereigns of gold from three houses in Ganapathy area when those families were out on summer vacation.According to police, K Manonmani of Kothari Nagar went on pilgrimage to Thiruvananthapuram with two daughters on Wednesday. Manonmani had already sold her house to his neighbour and was about to vacate the house by June. Before going on pilgrimage, Manonmani entrusted the man who purchased the house to stay there for the safety of the house. The man slept at the house for two days but he didn't turn up on Saturday night.It was only by Sunday noon, locals found a two-wheeler owned by Manonmani outside the gate though the gate was locked from inside. Smelling trouble, they contacted Manonmani and informed the police also. The police rushed to the spot and confirmed the robbery. It was suspected that the thieves attempted to take away the two-wheeler as well. Finger print experts and dog squads were pressed into action and police are searching for culprits.S Balaji, an income tax officer presently posted in Tirupur, owned a house in Kothari Nagar and had gone on pilgrimage to Thenkasi on Thursday. Around 11.30 pm, burglars had broken open one door of his house but they escaped when the burglary alarm started ringing. Locals gathered there soon and informed police and Balaji soon.Following the continuing indents of burglary, police have intensified night patrolling in the city. A booklet on how to prevent burglary and chain snatching also being circulated in the city from Sunday onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13128665", "title": "For women, men with 'bedroom eyes' are shifty, not attractive", "text": "LONDON: Hollywood hunks like George Clooney and Antonio Banderas are perceived to be attractive for their \"bedroom eyes\" . But a study says that men with the half-closed look makes women think you are shifty rather than romantic.On the contrary, men who look at women with a normal, open eyed gaze are perceived to be more sincere and better partners , according to a team at the University of Michigan which has carried out the study.In their study, researchers discovered that narrowing the eyes in an attempt to look alluring only makes men look untrustworthy and up for a fling, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The researchers, however, warned them and any other men to use such a technique carefully.A research results show that among women the open eyed man was seen as far more desirable with 71% saying they'd rather marry him.The majority also said they would rather have a relationship with him too.Lead researcher Daniel Kruger said the sexual maturity bedroom eyes suggest \"can come back to bite you\" later on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13127371", "title": "\u2018Uncle\u2019 driving BMW during crash: Witness", "text": "GURGAON: After an employee of the BMW owner claimed in court that he was behind the wheel of the car that took two lives in an accident on May 5, an occupant of the car during the crash told the police on Sunday that \"an uncle\" whom he did not know was driving.In what strengthens the police suspicion that a cover-up is being attempted, cops said Daksh Jaiswal, who got injured in the accident, had been changing his statement regarding the age of the accused driver. Daksh is a friend of Suraj, the son of car owner Devendra Sehrawat, who is missing since the accident.On Saturday, Rajesh, who works as a driver with Sehrawat, sought anticipatory bail claiming that he was driving the BMW which rammed an Indigo car.\"We recorded his (Daksh's) statement. But he did not give any satisfactory statement. Once he said the driver was about 35 years and the next moment he claimed that driver's age was around 50. We are waiting for Sehrawat's son Suraj to join the investigation. If he does not do so, we will issue non-bailable warrant from a city court,\" DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal said.Police suspect naming Rajesh as the car's driver is part of the cover up plan especially since Sehrawat's son Suraj, a student of DU, was missing since the accident took place. Police are clueless about his whereabouts. Now they have sent second legal notice to Surajto help police in the probe.Next, the Gurgaon police are likely to get statements from witnesses who were at the spot near IFFCO Chowk when the accident took place. Investigators had pinned their hopes on Daksh since he was one of the main witnesses to the accident. Police have already recorded statements of other injured persons - Rajendra, Veena and Sailesh. None of them could give enough details about the BMW's driver.However, police sources said that a key eyewitness in the case has told them that there were only two men in the BMW when it hit the Indigo car. The witness told cops that while the injured was lying in the car, the person suspected to be behind the wheel got out of the driver's seat and fled.\"We are questioning more eyewitnesses but won't disclose details since we suspect that some persons are trying to protect the real driver,\" said a senior police officer.A city court will take up the anticipatory bail application of Rajesh on Monday. \"We will wait for the court order on Monday. After that we will approach the court on issuing non-bailable warrants against the BMW car owner and his son,\" said police commissioner K K Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13132267", "title": "Solar energy: Government planning to set up 10,000 water systems", "text": "NEW DELHI: To meet the drinking water needs of people in Naxal-affected areas, the government is planning to set up 10,000 solar based water systems in 78 districts which have been hit by Left Wing Extremism.\"We have just prepared a proposal for 10,000 solar based water systems which supply drinking water to communities in rural areas,\" Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said while addressing a conference here.Ramesh said that this ambitious project would cost Rs 540 crores.\"It is a very ambitious project of 10,000 solar based drinking water systems with a total cost of 540 crores which we are going to fund. We have the money, money is not the problem,\" he said.Ramesh said that this project marked the convergence of the twin aims of developing rural areas and promoting use of renewable energy.\"For the first time we have taken the programme and said that lets address this issue of renewable energy because there are villages and habitations which are not going to seek electricity in the near future because of a variety of reasons... for remoteness, forest areas and so on,\" he said.Later speaking to reporters, Ramesh said that 200 water systems which utilized German made ground water pumps and solar panels made in Pune, had already been installed in Naxal affected Gadchiroli District of Maharashtra.\"We are going to do it in all the 78 Naxal affected districts. We have already installed 200 such systems in Gadchiroli district,\" Ramesh said.He also said that there was need to carry out development in areas affected by Naxalism.Ramesh was speaking at a conference which had been called to discuss \"Towards greening Rural Development programmes in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127208", "title": "Malakpet munjal market quenches Hyderabad\u2019s thirst", "text": "HYDERABAD: A makeshift fruit market dealing exclusively in munjal (fruit of the palm tree) thrives at the entrance of the TV Tower in Malakpet which surprisingly operates on well established economic principles.The fruit sellers were pushed out of the previous location opposite Yashoda Hospital two years ago as their presence there was creating traffic problems. The sellers moved to the vicinity of TV Tower last summer but sales were dismal then. Things are looking up this year and the less than 50 ft wide 'marketplace' has become the wholesale point for city's munjal sellers. District buses ferrying farmers with their produce from Kodad, Nalgonda, Chotuppal and surrounding areas stop on cue even as commission agents can be seen furiously negotiating prices with farmers.Business is conducted here under the supervision of Venu Goud whose family has been in the munjal business for more than three decades. Goud informs that the trade is distributed among seven commission agents who purchase the fruit in bulk from farmers and sell them on the spot. The GHMC officials had allowed them to operate from the location, he said.\"Farmers bring the munjals in baskets (gumpas) and sell them in the same measure. The price of a basket is subject to change everyday. The price is highest during the morning and as the day progresses it decreases. Rain can bring down its price. The commission agents procure the fruits and distribute them among sellers. On an average at least 150 baskets are sold, where each basked contains at least 400 munjals. People from the Old City and places as far as Patencheru come here to purchase them,\" he said.The commission agents or 'asaamis' who distribute the fruits among the sellers are conspicuous by their book-toting presence. \"They are the people who buy and give it to us. So we call them 'asaamis' (non resident cultivators). At the end of the day we give them the money and settle the accounts,\" said B Yadamma, a seller. She added that this year more than a hundred sellers have been selling the fruit while last year there were hardly 60 of them.When asked if conducting such a trade is legal, an official of Kothapet fruit market said that though the sellers may be encroaching on public space in the strictest sense, they may be allowed if they are not causing any inconvenience.Goud further said that the business is profitable for everybody involved. According to him the farmer bears the transportation cost and makes the effort to get his produce here from far off places. The commission agents buy in large quantities. Even if the consumer bargains hard with the seller, the seller can make a profit of at least Rs 5 on every dozen sold.Interestingly the presence of fruit-sellers has facilitated other businesses to thrive. Tea suppliers, food vendors, cigarette sellers and auto drivers linger around TV Tower from the time the selling starts at 8 am to 5 pm when the sellers call it a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129686", "title": "Course cursor: Microbiology", "text": "Ram Lal Anand College of Delhi University offers a full-time three-year BSc (Honours) course in microbiology. The course, which was introduced in 1989, has been updated and revised every three to four years since then. Students with physics, chemistry, biology or biotechnology in +2 with a minimum of 70% are eligible to apply. Also, students need to have mathematics as a subject till class X to be eligible for the course. The minimum percentage required for admission is not constant and keeps changing every year.Elaborating on the course modules, Vijay K Sharma, principal, Ram Lal Anand College (morning), says, \"The market demands in this field are dynamic and a lot of research developments keep taking place. The course is divided into three parts - Part I, Part II and Part III. Each part consists of two semesters and each semester comprises four theory papers, including practicals. The contents of the course have been drawn to accommodate the widening horizons of the discipline and it reflects the changing needs of students , pertaining to the fields of chemistry, mathematics , statistics and computational skills.\" He further adds that the total number of seats for the course is 31 and applications received for these seats are 15 times every year.Students completing this degree course, Sharma says, have a good market value. As far as career prospects are concerned, around 90% of students go for Master's in sciences after completing their graduation, he informs. After their Master's , almost half of them choose to study abroad. Students who decide to work after their graduation get employed in sectors like quality control, food control, pharmaceutical companies, agriculture industry, genetic engineering, to mention a few.\"The increasing scope of this subject in India and abroad in terms of employability makes microbiology a popular course. The fee for the course last year was Rs 6,278 per-annum . For the next academic session, the fee might be increased by Rs 300,\" adds Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134258", "title": "Sangeeth Sivan's Idiots sets sail today", "text": "Director Sangeeth Sivan's story Idiots has officially gone on the floors.The film, which stars Mollywood actor Asif Ali, will be directed by Sangeeth's assistant and close associate MA Bava, therefore marking his debut. The script, according to Sangeeth falls under the new-age genre of film-making that seems to have taken over Mollywood. \"I have only written the script for the film. The story is quick, easy and at the same time gripping - about an incident that happens over a short span of time.I am going to be in Kochi for a while only to help Bava with the initial process. I am eager to see how the audience responds to this one, as it seems to be lapping up anything that is new or different from the usual run-of-the-mill commercial ventures,\" says Sangeeth. Sangeeth also overlooked an exclusive photo shoot with the lead actors for the project over the weekend. The team began shoot today, amidst elaborate celebrations that took place at the Parade Ground at Fort Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13134649", "title": "About Rs 1 crore robbed from ATM cash loaders", "text": "BANGALORE: In a daring daylight strike, a 15-member gang robbed about Rs 1 crore being transported for loading in ATMs by a private agency in the city.The gang members armed with logs waylaid the vehicle, broke the window panes and overpowered the gunman and two cash loaders when they were proceeding to load the currency notes in ATMs in R T Nagar locality, police said. The culprits, who came in two vehicles, attacked the cash loaders and the gunman and escaped with about Rs 1 crore cash. The three received minor injuries and had been hospitalized, police said.\"However, we are to ascertain to exact amount from the bank authorities\", police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13128891", "title": "Common Law Admission Test 2012: First trial was not a cakewalk", "text": "BANGALORE: The Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2012 elicited mixed response from aspiring lawyers after the exam on Sunday.Many found the paper simple, while some said it was tricky. Students felt that Mathematics and English appeared to be easy scoring, whereas the rest were a little tough. Experts said there were many surprises in store for students this year, as the pattern for many sections had changed.\"CLAT seemed to have moved back to its 2009-2010 pattern. Contrary to the given notification; the English section was filled with vocabulary-based questions . There was only one reading comprehension passage with10 questions. This was accompanied by a mix of questions on synonyms, idioms, prepositions , Latin phrases and foreign words. There were also a few questions on Para-Jumbles . This paper was of moderate difficulty level and a decent score would be 28-30 marks,'' analyzed Amandeep Raj, national academic head, LST, Career Launcher.According to experts, the sections that took students by surprise included general knowledge and legal aptitude. The GK section deviated from the format as informed on their site. There were about 20-22 questions from static GK and the rest were current affairs. Students found static GK a little difficult to attempt.'' Last week I appeared for the National Law University, Delhi (NLUD) test, which was difficult. CLAT appeared easy compared to NLUD. Mathematics and English were the easiest sections, but I found the general knowledge section little difficult as most part of it was static. All in all, it was a paper with average difficulty level and I am expecting good result ,'' said Divya Natesan, a student, Shanti Bhavan Residential School, Balliganapalli, Tamil Nadu.The logical reasoning section was dominated by verbal logic, whereas 'legal aptitude' was again a surprise for the students.'' There were 10 reason-assertion questions based on legal knowledge. The reasoning part was also unexpected as a few questions didn't have any legal principles and students were supposed to take the help of their prior knowledge of laws and principles in order to solve the question,\" said Amandeep.\"Mathematics had some lengthy calculations, but overall the paper was not at all lengthy and quite manageable in the given time frame. GK section was also easier than expected ,\" said Kumar Narayanappa, another candidate.Result on May 28As many as 25,769 students applied for the test that holds the key to gaining admission to 14 prestigious law schools in the country, including National Law School if India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, with 1,702 UG seats. The test was conducted in 20 cities across 46 centres. The two-hour exam consisted of English, general knowledge, elementary mathematics, legal aptitude and logical reasoning. It had both multiple-choice and 10 short-answer questions. The result will be announced on May 28 and will be uploaded on the CLAT website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128620", "title": "Officials want afforestation funds to be diverted to set up institutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The forest bureaucracy has tried to get through the Planning Commission what the environment minister denied them - Rs 2,000 crore from a fund outside the Consolidated Fund of India, called CAMPA, collected from development projects - to set up their own institutions and beef up their 'capacity'.Environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan had shot down the proposal mooted by the forest bureaucracy headed by the Director General of Forests P J Dilipkumar to use Rs 1,000 crore from the CAMPA funds to set up new research centres under the Dehradun-based Indian Council for Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE).She noted that the funds were collected from private and public agencies who get forestlands to set up their projects. The fund was set up under orders of the Supreme Court and is meant for afforesting lands in lieu of those given up.But the same proposal has now found its way into the working group reports of the 12th five-year plan with the head of ICFRE V K Bahuguna - also the chair of a sub-group on forestry -- recommending that CAMPA guidelines permit such use and Rs 1,000 crore should be used for strengthening centres under ICFRE.Besides this, the report has also advocated using another Rs 1,000 crore to \"meet the needs of infrastructure for field staff in all the states/UTs\". A total of Rs 6,499 crore has been asked for 'infrastructure development' of forestry institutions including Rs 1,265 crore for 'motivation and morale of forest personnel'.But elsewhere in the report, the foresters admit, \"While the CAMPA funds are available for making the loss of forest cover due to forest lands already diverted by way of undertaking compensatory afforestation, it is a general tendency of the states that increase in central sector funds for forestry sector invariably led to reduction of state funding to forestry, rather than treating central funding as an additional resource.\"The committee that made the recommendations to the plan panel comprised of 10 serving or retired forest officers and two others. The working group reports are not automatically accepted by the Planning Commission and the final chapter on environment and climate change by the plan panel is yet to be finalized.If the plan panel agrees to the proposal, it would further take away monies from the fund that several state governments have demanded as theirs as it comes from diversion of forests in their lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128177", "title": "Magadh University exam affected at B S College centre", "text": "PATNA: The ongoing degree-level examination of Magadh University (MU) has been affected at B S College, Danapur, due to the Patna district administration's decision to convert the college campus into a strong room and counting centre for the Nagar Parishad elections which would continue till May 22.According to college principal Pravin Kumar, the college is currently holding degree (honours) level examination for Part II. A large number of examinees, mostly girls, are taking the examination at this centre. The college has few rooms and halls to conduct the examination. However, the district administration has started putting up barricades on the college campus, thereby causing much difficulty in holding the examination peacefully, he said.Kumar said it was very difficult for the college to hold the examination in open on Saturday after the district administration occupied few rooms. As a result, at least five women examinees fainted in the sultry weather condition. They were immediately rushed to a local clinic for medical treatment, he said.The principal said he had urged the district administration to make arrangements to hold the elections this time on the sprawling campus of a Danapur-based government school to enable the college hold the examination peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "13128742", "title": "Dhaka indicts ex-Jamaat chief for 1971 war crimes", "text": "DHAKA: A Bangladeshi tribunal on Sunday indicted an 89-year-old former chief of fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami on 61 charges for committing crimes against humanity during the 1971 Liberation War, months after he was arrested.\"The international crimes tribunal indicted Ghulam Azam for five types of crimes he committed during 1971 Liberation War\" fighting with the Pakistani troops, prosecuting lawyer Syed Rezaur Rahman said. The charges came under five categories including conspiracy , planning, incitement, complicity and murder during the nine-month war. The panel set June 5 for starting the trial against Azam, who pleaded not guilty.Azam was the former chief of Jamaat-e-Islami in the then East Pakistan wing of the fundamentalist party and provincial minister under the Pakistani junta in 1971.The prosecution earlier described him as the \"key collaborator\" of the then Pakistani junta alleging he masterminded the alleged atrocities including genocides or mass murders of Bengalis during the Liberation War.Azam's party opposed Bangladesh's 1971 independence with many of its activists joining the auxiliary forces of Pakistani troops. If proved guilty Azam could be sentenced to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13129556", "title": "Police reluctant to file cases against saffron activists: Dalit leaders", "text": "Mangalore: Dalit leaders on Sunday complained about the alleged reluctance of police in filing cases against saffron cadres, who carry out attack in the name of moral policing, during a grievance meet convened by superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal here.Guruvappa, a dalit leader from Kadaba in Puttur taluk, alleged that assistant sub inspector of Kadaba police Rukmayya Gowda threatened dalit community members when they visited the police station to lodge a complaint against a member of an upper caste community.\"This kind of attitude by the police will help upper class members continue to exploit dalits. The officer also had threatened a dalit family for lodging a complaint against leaders of pro-Hindu organizations, who forced a dalit girl to file a false complaint against a Muslim Youth. Pro-Hindu organizations leaders wanted the girl to file a false complaint that the Muslim youth had tried to kidnap and molest her,\" he explained.SP Abhishek said that the police have already arrested three accused based on the complaint filed by the girl. \"We will initiate action against the ASI if the girl or her family members file a complaint,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13128879", "title": "Wardha farmers get Rs 29 lakh assistance", "text": "WARDHA: Rotary Club of Wardha on Saturday distributed loans worth Rs 29 lakh to the farmers in dire need of assistance for carrying out agriculture activities, at a programme at Datta Meghe hall. Of late, the banks have stopped giving them agriculture loans, leaving them with no option but to approach private money lenders who exploit them most of the time.In the programme, organized along with Rotary Club Mumbai, 114 farmers from Wardha district received money. The fund has been sponsored by Amitabh Bachchan Foundation through banker cheques.Addressing the Karjmukti Melawa, project in-charge Kalpana Munshi said, \"I had a discussion with Dr Kiran Kher to enlist the needy farmers. This is a small effort to free farmers from clutches of debt\". tnnPresident of Rotary Club of Mumbai Paul George said, \"We are teaching organic farming to farmers of 12 villages in Selu tehsil along with an NGO. We intend to teach farmers how to use the farm funds properly. It took two years for us to conduct this programme.\"Congress MP Datta Meghe, who was the chief guest, said, \"I would like to thank Amitabh who understands farmers' problems. These problems are the outcome of wrong policy implemented by the government.\" He went on to say that the problems can be eliminated in close coordination between the Centre, state and the NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127117", "title": "Bal Thackeray admitted to Mumbai hospital, stable", "text": "Mumbai: The condition of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , who was admitted to Lilavati Hospital on Saturday, is said to be stable.Chest physician Dr Jalil Parkar, \"His condition is stable and there are no complications. He was admitted due to his chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD),\" Parkar said.\"We are awaiting the results of some medical tests and may discharge him on Monday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128417", "title": "Prasar Bharati gets exemption from paying income tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the significant beneficiaries of the finance bill passed in Parliament last week was public broadcaster Prasar Bharati. In a major relief, the national broadcaster has been exempted from paying income tax.Till now, Prasar Bharati had to maintain accounts at nearly 600 drawing and disbursal offices(DDOs) to meet the requirement of tax procedures besides the unnecessary harassment of assessment.PB officials said they had been pursuing the step for some time but it was only after I&B; minister Ambika Soni's intervention that the proposal picked up pace. The broadcaster was exempt from I-T till 2002 when for some inexplicable reason the provision of recognizing it as a \"charitable organization'' was removed.The official said Prasar Bharati worked in national interest and the drain of its resources was ultimately being borne by the government. \"The exemption is an important step to improve Prasar Bharati's financial affairs and also a great recognition of the important role it plays,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128809", "title": "Panampilly Nagar all set to get a facelift", "text": "Kochi: Panampilly Nagar, one of the oldest residential areas in the city, is all set to get a makeover. District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) is planning to make it a 'night life street' with the support of district administration by earmarking areas for shopping, eat-out joints, live shows and parking bays. DTPC has allocated around Rs 1.10 crore for the project.\"There is no night life in Kochi compared to other metros. Our vision is to make this residential area a model avenue that is fully functional at night with kiosks that have entertainment components. We have allocated Rs 1.10 crore as initial amount for this proposal. Rather than being just a model road it will be a model avenue, where we will also focus on its overall ambience and thus attracting a class crowd,\" said DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar.While the tourism department is optimistic about the proposed plan, PWD is bit sceptic due to the lack of funds. PWD had proposed an initial plan of cable trenches rather than digging up roads. Now, they plan to make use of pipes and manholes. The district collector had met tourism and DTPC officials and discussed the funding aspect of the project.\"The plan is in its initial phase and yet to take shape. A lot of work has to be done before we start the beautification phase,\" said PWD executive engineer Hashim P A. The department of tourism sees this as a challenging project and hopes to combine the efforts of the corporation, KSEB, BSNL and KWA to carry out the developmental works.Tourism Promotion Council is expecting the participation of companies as part of their corporate social responsibility activities. \"It is a great idea and we will have to see how much of it will be executed. But the important thing is maintenance after the beautification,\" says Akshara Paulose, a resident of Panampilly Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128820", "title": "Final decision on Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test on May 28", "text": "NAGPUR: Months of confusion and deadlock over proposed common engineering examination is finally going to end. The ministry of HRD has confirmed to TOI that a final decision on the proposed Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET) will be taken on May 28.Speaking to TOI from New Delhi, HRD minister Kapil Sibal's private secretary Uma Shankar said, \"We had a productive meeting with the IIT Council on Saturday. Now a joint meeting of all the major councils will be held on May 28 where a final decision on ISEET will be taken.\" Shankar himself is an ex-IITian from Chennai.The biggest stumbling block for ISEET has been opposition from the prestigious IITs. One of the reasons that these renowned institutions were unhappy was the proposed inclusion of std XII board marks to determine the merit rankings. The second reason was what IITs called 'highhandedness' of the HRD ministry in thrusting a new examination format on them.It is expected that some minor changes will be made to the exam format during the May 28 meeting to address the concerns of IITs.A senior professor from one of the older IITs in north India said on condition of anonymity, \"IIT is the toughest exam in the world and its sanctity has been maintained because the entire process is personally controlled by the IIT management. Without proper consultation the ministry is trying to totally revamp a system that has been in place for decades.\"The HRD ministry had held consultations with the institutes and even invited suggestions from them through an online forum , but only 2,200 people responded.Shankar said, \"We had two committees in 30 months, Acharya and Ramasami panels, to look into a common engineering exam - so all the aspects have been studied in detail. Now, we have Kota system of studies where the student is coached only for IITs and does not give importance to std XII board marks. It is very important that students should focus on their board exams since the Kota system of studies is unacceptable.\"\"Anyone with less than 95% in board exams will have a very tough time making it to the merit ranking list. So there is no question of dilution of standards. Currently students who crack the IITs are scoring on an average 70% in their boards because their coaching is very one-track which is not a good sign,\" said Shankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129674", "title": "Real business experience", "text": "Business schools must manage and stay ahead of change by periodically evaluating their curriculum in the light of the dynamics in the global economy. In line with this, the Robert H Lee Graduate School at the Sauder School of Business, University of British Columbia (UBC), Canada, is offering a revamped MBA structured according to the demands of the industry and the economy.\"The increasingly complex and highly volatile global marketplace demands managers who can lead transformation, embrace innovation and weather massive shifts in the business landscape . The new MBA is the result of a two-year process of consultation with business leaders, faculty, students and alumni to give students a 360-degree management perspective, extensive real-world business experience and first-hand exposure to marketplaces around the globe,\" says Murali Chandrashekaran, associate dean, Professional Graduate Programmes at the Robert H Lee Graduate School, Sauder School of Business , University of British Columbia, Canada.Chandrashekaran says that in order to ensure that students are up to the challenge of a volatile global market, creativity has been made a major theme in the new MBA. Students will be pushed to explore new ways of thinking and approaching business problems to bring their best ideas to the surface. The school has started a Business Innovation career track to equip students to generate breakthrough ideas, test innovations , and create new value propositions.He says that they identified profiles that allow managers to excel in key sectors and made those the framework for the new curriculum. Starting in fall 2012, the MBA will include a mandatory global immersion experience under which students will travel to the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM-B ), Copenhagen School of Business, or the Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China, to form teams with MBA counterparts and work for multinational companies .This experience will push them to broaden their perspectives and expectations, and give first-hand experience conducting business in a different cultural context.The new MBA programme will cater to students from a variety of backgrounds and work experience ranging from two to 20 years, will require GMAT score of 650 and above and fluency in English.&gt; For more stories on management, log on towww. myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13129521", "title": "Innovations galore at Srishti 2012", "text": "MANGALORE: Forgot to lock the door of your house? Fret not. Students of Rajarajeshwari College of Engineering, Bangalore has developed a device that can help one lock or open the door by just sending an sms.The team consisting eighth semester electrical and electronics engineering students BV Deepika, Rahul J Gujran and Spurthi demonstrated their innovative project for home security at Srishti 2012, the 10th edition of state-level project exhibition and competition organized by Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, at Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management here on Sunday. Deepika said that the device is developed using GSM modem. The nechtronic lock used in the door can be opened either mechanically or electronically. In addition, the passive-infrared mechanism in the device sends an sms to the house owner when guests or strangers stand in front of the door.\"Further, the system also helps check vehicle theft and robbery. The device will send an sms whenever someone makes an attempt to steal vehicles parked outside the house and also when strangers try to enter the compound,\" Deepika explained.Meanwhile, M Sunil, P Prashanth, K Prashanth Kumar and SR Sachin, all students of University BDT College of Engineering, Davangere, exhibited a project, which will be a boon for the Indian Railways. The system will help the railways to discharge the night soil from toilets in trains on the tracks away from city limits.Team leader Sunil said that the 'optimum speed discharge toilet system' developed by them will release night soil from toilets only when the speed of the train exceeds 40 km.\"The system will help railways to keep railway stations clean as it does not release night soil when the speed of trains decreases below 40 km. We had discussions with Southern Railways's Mysore division officials recently. The research and development wing of the division appreciated our project during the meeting,\" he added.F3-800 racer car and automatic flood monitoring and protection of dam developed by students of Basaveshwara Engineering College, Bagalkot, smart farmer assistant and e-ration management system by students of Siddaganga Institute of Technology, Tumkur, student satellite project of NMAMIT, Nitte, weed control robo and pedal powered washing machine developed by students of Sahyadri Institute of Technology too attracted the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129998", "title": "People should accept reality: Habib Faisal", "text": "Ishaqzaade director Habib Faisal and actress Parineeti Chopra explain their position against criticism levelled against the filmBarely days since Ishaqzaade released, and some critics are lambasting the film as regressive and sexist. This, despite the film amassing nearly Rs 10 crore in the first two days. One of the grievances is director Habib Faisal has turned a firecracker of a character (Parineeti's Zoya) into yet another spunk-less pushover, transforming a genuinely energetic film into a wet blanket.However, Faisal and Parineeti seem amused by all this attention. Ribbed about the negative publicity, Parineeti quips, \"I play a janwar in the film.\" So why and how is the janwar tamed? \"That's because of the people I face. Woh mardon ki haveli hai and only Arjun's mother counts there. They don't know how to treat girls. My character is almost raped by her so-called husband ( Arjun Kapoor). What can she do but wipe back the tears and attack him? She is a girl in letter and spirit.\"Parineeti explains her character has never been kissed before. The inevitable happens: she falls in love. \"Obviously, she is affected. And I totally disagree she is regressive. One shouldn't forget girls and boys are way different at heart. Besides if people are asking why Zoya, who is depicted as a strong girl, suddenly gets gagged and tortured, why can't they see a tall, well-built man is countering her?\" says the effervescent actress.Some reviews have made a pointed reference that the second half of the film is a let down. \"Gosh. Why do industry people in India see a film in two halves?\" Faisal shoots back.Countering criticism about Parineeti's character being regressive, he says, \"Then they have definitely not seen the scenes where Zoya beats Arjun black and blue and makes him do down on his knees.\" Faisal adds, \"All said, I am showing reality to attack reality. I can't create a Utopian world featuring a bra-burning feminist. Women are brutally tortured in large parts of the country even today.\" What does he think about allegations that the film is sexist? \"People should accept reality. Your regular middle class man still does not accept a strong woman. Scratch the surface, and you will see fundamentalism in all castes and religions. Every now and then, there is an attempt to suppress love,\" he replies.Parineeti defends Faisal's position saying, \"I think Habib Sir should cast these critics in Ishaqzade 2 (laughs) and only then will they fully understand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128564", "title": "Gadkari on Hatia mission, meets Arjun Munda in hospital", "text": "RANCHI: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Sunday called on chief minister Arjun Munda and others who were injured in the chopper crash.Six people, including the chief minister, had a miraculous escape in the crash at Birsa Munda airport on last Wednesday.During the brief interaction with Munda and deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the leader of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislative party in the assembly, Gadkari reportedly took the opportunity to discuss political situation in the state and the strategy of the ruling alliance for the June 12 Hatia assembly byelection. The meeting continued for almost 20 minutes.Gadkari tried to prevail upon Munda and Hemant to put maximum effort to ensure victory of a candidate from any party of the ruling alliance. The important alliance partners in the government are the BJP, JMM and the Ajsu Party. NJP national general secretary Vijay Goel and state president Dineshanand Goswami were also present in the meeting.On his way to the airport, Gadkari and Hemant discussed the possibilities of giving a consensus candidate for the Haita byelection as BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda had lost to Congress nominee Gopal Sharan Nath Sahdeo by a slender margin of 25 voters.Sources in the BJP said Gadkari was concerned about the differences within the ruling alliance that led to defeat of veteran party member S S Ahluwalia. \"The JMM is yet to announce the candidate for the bypoll and we tried to convince Hemant that they should support our candidate so that the BJP candidate wins the election,\" said a source.Goswami was not in a mood to disclose much about what transpired in the meeting but admitted that smooth functioning of the state government and Hatia byelection were the focus of discussion.\"Our candidate had lost the assembly election in 2009 by a very small margin and there is very good chance for victory of BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda. We expect that the JMM will support our candidate and help strengthening the alliance government,\" said Goswami.Meanwhile, the JMM cancelled its executive meeting scheduled for Monday. The meeting was convened to take a decision on the Hatia bypoll. \"Party supremo Shibu Soren has gone to New Delhi to take part in the special session of Parliament. There he will also meet senior BJP leaders. Once he returns from New Delhi, we will call a meeting and decide if the party will field a candidate or not,\" said an executive committee member of the JMM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13126814", "title": "'We want justice for Kshma'", "text": "GURGAON: Over 200 people, mostly alumni of various management schools and friends of Shailesh Shetye and his deceased wife Kshama Chopra Shetye along with couple's relatives, gathered near IFFCO tower on Sunday evening. This was the place where the accident took place on May 5 leading to Kshma's death. People had gathered on Sunday to pay a tribute to her and the ill- fated Indigo car driver, Sanjay Gulati. They demanded fair trail and speedy justice in the case.Later, a silent march was also conducted from ground zero to Galleria Market, where candles were lit in the victims' memories. Many people had even flown from Mumbai, Pune and other parts of the country to be a part of the campaign which was started on Facebook under the name of \"Justice for Kshama and Shailesh Shetye\".At Galleria market, the first candle was lit by the family members of the couple who could not hold back their tears. Some close friends consoled them and remained with them through out the event.Pragya Gautam, a batch mate of Shailesh and Kshama at Symbiosis Institute of Business Management (SIBM), said, \"Here we have gathered together to show our solidarity towards Shailesh and Sanjay Gulati's families during their time of grief. We also want to request the administration to ensure a free and fair trial in the case so that momentum which has gathered so far is not lost.\"Gautam added that another very important message they want to spread is that traffic laws should be made stringent so that innocent lives are not lost and guilty is brought to book.One of Shailesh's friends informed that Kshama's mother condition is still critical and she is in ICU while Shailesh himself is still trying to come to terms with the situation.As friends said, the saddest part is that Kshama's parents have still not been told about her death. Her father is a heart patient, said the well wisher.Kshama was pregnant at the time of accident. \"They were a loving couple and we pray that Shailesh gets justice,\" said Kumar, a batch mate at SIBM.Navdeep Thandi, another batchmate, said, \"After MBA, Shailesh and Kshama were in UK for six years and shifted to Mumbai a year back. Kshama's father was to undergo second bypass surgery on May 4 at a private hospital in Gurgaon, but due to some medical issues, the operation was postponed for two weeks. Who would have known that very next day Kshama would die in a gruesome accident?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127380", "title": "Residents to get safe driving tips", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Baffled over the increasing number of road accidents going on unabated in the city, which is famous for its wide roads, Chandigarh Police have decided to give safe driving tips to the city residents.Though, earlier also police have conducted many workshops to disseminate knowledge about safe driving, but this time six cops have been especially sent to the Institute of Driving and Traffic Research, in Delhi, for this purpose. At present, they are undergoing a driving skill enhancement programme (May 9 to 15) and they would impart these advanced tips to city dwellers after returning.\"This is a skill enhancement course called \"Trainers' Training\" and it focusses on safe driving tips and better traffic management. It has different modules and all of them are based on practical training. Once back, these cops will share their knowledge with colleagues and locals through various platforms,\" Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (traffic), told TOI.He added, \"Besides, inculcating safe driving tips in residents, we want out trained officers to point out the perennial problems causing accidents and suggest permanent solutions for these.\"The selected six cops are being given training on scientifically engineered tracks that present variety of driving experiences in difficult circumstances to the trainees. This is an in-house digital training. Tracks will be electronically controlled and an electronic display board will be there for demonstrations.Chandigarh, which was designed by legendary Le Corbusier , has the maximum density of vehicles in the country. There are over 7 lakh registered vehicles in this city with population of around 11 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mall road", "code": "13127834", "title": "Young bizmen kick up their heels", "text": "MALL ROAD: Young businessmen, their wives and kids had a gala time together at a kitty party organized by them at a restaurant on Mall Road on Saturday night.At the event hosted by businessman Rajat Jain and his homemaker wife Neha Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, the attendees discussed anything and everything, but work. Rajat made sure everyone had a good time. We played fun games, tambola, quiz and danced on Hindi and English numbers belted out by a DJ. Later, we enjoyed a scrumptious dinner, he smiled. About eight couples attended the party, including the absentees of last time, Ranjeet Aggarwal and Apeksha Aggarwal of College Road. From mundane issues like how to beat the heat to serious ones, we talked about everything. It was sheer fun, he said. Those who attended the party included Amit Jairath of Rishi Nagar, Kunal Maini of Civil Lines, Rajat, Nitin Gumber of Maya Nagar, Piyush Jain and Nishant Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, Sachin Ahuja of Rajguru Nagar, Ranjeet Aggarwal of College Road and their friend Chetan Mehandiratta.Sachin, who came along with his wife Preety Ahuja, said, It was a nice and light party. Not only the adults, but kids too had a great time, playing games and jiving on peppy numbers. Amit will host the next kitty party at a BRS Nagar restaurant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130675", "title": "Karun and SRK battle it out!", "text": "TAG Heuer, the worldwide leader in sports watches and chronographs, launched a new TAG Heuer boutique at the Palladium Mall at Lower Parel.The afternoon also saw the launch of the new TAG Heuer Carrera 'Monaco Grand Prix' Limited Edition Chronograph by brand ambassadors Shah Rukh Khan and Karun Chandhok . Keeping with the theme of motor racing, SRK and Karun battled it out on F1 racing car simulators much to the delight of all the fans.At the launch, Jean-Christophe Babin, President and CEO, TAG Heuer said, \"India has a special place in my heart and in the world of TAG Heuer. The launch of our boutique today in the presence of both our India Brand Ambassadors gives an impetus to our commitment to the India market.\" Shah Rukh said, \"My nine-year long association with the brand makes me feel like an integral part of the brand and I have witnessed its growth since it entered India and 2012 marks yet another year of excellence in watch making for the brand.\" Karun added, \"I really value the support that the brand has given me from my early racing days. It is my true pleasure to be part of every milestone in the brand's growth in India.\" Franck Dardenne, GM TAG Heuer India, was also seen present at the do", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13128093", "title": "On Mother\u2019s Day Times of India group fetes mothers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Women in Bhubaneswar had a gala time on the occasion of Mother's Day on Sunday. The Times of India group organized \"My Mom Sweetest\" - a fun-filled event to celebrate the special day to express love and gratitude to mothers.Several events such as panel discussions on issues related to motherhood, games, quizzes, competitions, celebrity talks and so on were held during the day-long function.The panel discussions focused on issues such as challenges of motherhood, health concerns of mother and so on. Among the panel members were principal of Blossoms School Nadia Moghbelpoor, gynecologist Sarojini Sarangi and Jita Parija. Among the participants, mothers with the best smile, the best personality, the best attire, the most congenial and the best hairdo were selected.Celebrities Sabyasachi, Anu Chaudhury and Sritam Das reflected upon the special bond they share with their mothers and expressed gratitude for the immense love and support of their mothers in giving them an identity of their own.Sabyasachi said, \"Actually every day is mother's day because we cannot chose a special day to honour her. This day is a slap on people who are dumping their mothers in old age homes.\"Anu Chaudhury, said, \"I owe everything to my mother who is behind every act of mine.\" While her mother Soudamini Chaudhury said, \"I gave enough space to my kids and never differentiated between a boy and a girl.\"Similarly, Mother's Day was celebrated by Junior International Chamber's ladies wing at Berhampur and felicitated women who brought up their children amidst all odds. \"We honour these mothers as they dedicated their lives and struggled hard to make their children successful in life,\" said K.Kusuma, one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127254", "title": "Two snatch gold chain worth 50K", "text": "Mumbai: Two bike-borne youths snatched a woman's gold chain worth Rs 50,000 in Jogeshwari (E) on Sunday morning. The victim, V R Disa, was returning home when two youngsters on a bike accosted her. The pillion rider snatched her gold chain and fled. Disa was unable to note down the bike's registration number and did not see the chain-snatcher's face, the police said. The Meghwadi police have registered a complaint.\"We are trying to find more details. We will speak to some eyewitnesses and other people in the area,\" said a senior police officer.Recently, police commissioner Arup Patnaik had directed additional police commissioners to review the situation after every chain-snatching reported in their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13126547", "title": "IPL 5: Hussey propels Punjab to stunning win over Hyderabad", "text": "MOHALI: Team Punjab literally dug a hole for themselves after conceding 190 runs to Team Hyderabad before coming up with an edge-of-the-seat chase to win the IPL tie by four wickets in Mohali on Sunday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In PicsSkipper David Hussey's gritty knock of 65 runs and some late hitting by the lower order ensured that the hosts stay alive in the league.Just when the hopes of Punjab chasing down the total began receding, all-rounder Gurkeerat Mann (29*) came out of nowhere to hit 16 runs (a six and two fours) off the last four balls to gain a crucial victory.Punjab now need to win at least two out of the remaining three league games to stay in playoff contention.Much to their chagrin, Hyderabad once again lost the plot after posting a huge total. Conceding 53 runs in the last four overs did them in with Manpreet Gony and Daniel Christian drawing the flak in the end.Earlier, the home team allowed the visitors to post a daunting total. Shikhar Dhawan and Cameron White made batting look easy as they scored 96 runs for the third wicket.Dhawan raced to 70 off just 51 balls and White complemented him with an unbeaten 67 off 41 balls in the middle overs to put the struggling side in a strong position.Daniel Christian gave the finishing touches and his 24 runs off just 10 balls made sure Punjab went back to the dressing room with their heads down.Punjab bowlers cut a sorry figure except seasoned Azhar Mahmood who fired the opening and parting shots for the home team. Punjab bowlers had no plan and sprayed the ball around aimlessly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128149", "title": "Global meet to focus on state's investment scenario", "text": "PATNA: The International renewable energy business conclave \" Energy Revolution Bihar\" commencing here on Tuesday is expected to focus on decentralized renewable energy (DRE) as a tool to remove energy deficit in the state. The meet would bring global perspectives on driving investment and policy frameworks for development of renewable energy in the country.The event will focus on ways and means by which Bihar can become a role model for India and the world if the investment climate is optimized, create opportunity for renewable energy industry to network and develop viable energy models.\"Our aim is to further strengthen the political commitment of the Bihar government to work towards DRE and to bring energy experts, policymakers and financial investors on the same platform and get unanimity of approach for working together cohesively,\" said Ramapati Kumar, one of the organizers of the conclave. Greenpeace India is the organizer of the event.Bihar energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and animal husbandry minister Giriraj Singh are expected to attend the inaugural session.The business conclave will see participation of experts like MNRE director Pravin Dhameeja, Energy Head India ( World Bank ) Ashish Khanna, Moser Baer CEO Rajvardhan Ghai, Alstom Power India (country head) Sunand Sharma, Greenpeace India executive director Samit Aich, Sun Source Energy CEO Adarch Das, and head Renewable Energy Campaign (Greenpeace India) Ramapati Kumar.The Smart Energy Access Report on Bihar will be launched and showcased as potential roadmap to boost investment in the renewable energy sector to remove energy deficit. The report will show how micro-grid system based on renewable energy sources can provide sustainable energy services to all as it is available in the developed world. The reason for Bihar to look for option of renewable energy is its availability natural resources like solar, hydro and wind power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132149", "title": "I'm shooting in Rangoon now: Amit Sen", "text": "Director Amit Sen is perhaps the first Indian adman to be shooting an ad in Burma for that marketIn between being engaged with the pre-production of his adaptation of \"HaJaBaRaLa\", director Amit Sen has taken time out to shoot an ad in Burma. Currently in Rangoon, the director is shooting a hair oil commercial meant for the Burmese market.Says Amit, \"I am Perhaps, I am the first Indian adfilmmaker to be shooting in Burma for an ad meant for that market. An agency from Kolkata handles some work in Bangladesh and Burma. Incidentally, Burma is now opening up and so I was approached to make the ad.\" Ask him what he thinks worked in his favour to get the assignment and he says, \"I think, my experience in organizing and executing productions in foreign soil may have worked in my favour. I have previous experiences of shooting in Bangladesh, Kathmandu , Australia and Sri Lanka . I am here in Rangoon with a unit of seven people. The rest of the unit is from Burma.\"As for the local Burmese industry, Amit says, \"It's in a very nascent stage. The industry now is evolving. The last time when I was in Burma, it had felt as if I was caught in a time warp that's stuck 50 years ago. There is a huge South Korean influence in the media. It has also been influenced by the popular culture. Most of the soaps here are dubbed versions of South Korean works.\"Shooting will be over by May 20 and the director will return to Kolkata to start work on his feature film again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13128717", "title": "Short of beds, UK hospitals treating patients in corridors", "text": "LONDON: Patients left stranded on trolleys for hours and forced to have treatment in corridors is becoming a familiar scene in British hospitals , presenting a \"worrying picture\" for the authorities. Nurses in Britain say patients are being forced to have treatment in corridors partly due to the loss of hospital beds, the BBC reported.The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) says feedback received from more than 1,200 staff paints a \"worrying picture\" , with patients regularly being in ambulances or held in a queue or left stranded on trolleys for hours. The government, however , said there were enough beds for this not to be happening. Health minister Simon Burns said: \"There is no excuse for patients to be left waiting on trolleys.The NHS has beds free and available, and hospitals should be supporting their nurses to ensure that patients are admitted to them quickly. We will not hesitate to take action where we find hospitals failing to do so.\" Of the 1,246 nurses and healthcare assistants who replied to an RCN request for feedback, a fifth said providing care in corridors is daily occurrence.Furore over medical outsourcing to IndiaUnions and employees have opposed a plan by hospitals in Leicester to outsource medical transcription work to India as part of plans to cut costs. Outsourcing the typing of letters by doctors is expected to cut time to 48 hours and save about \u00a3500,000 under the plan expected to be implemented in the next two years, reports from Leicester said. A 90-day consultation on proposed changes has been launched, sparking concern that the changes would lead to job loss for medical secretaries in UK. Some hospitals elsewhere in UK have also outsourced their medical transcription work to India. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13133428", "title": "BJP waits for Yeddyurappa's announcement", "text": "BANGALORE: With negotiations having failed, the BJP central leadership and chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda are now waiting for former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa to make his stand known on Monday at 4 pm.Gowda returning from New Delhi around noon held discussions with party state president KS Eshwarappa and others. However, he declined to comment saying: \"Until the central leadership resolves the internal party issue, I will not react.\"The only person optimistic was Eshwarappa who felt that Yeddyurappa will not take any drastic stand of quitting the party. \"He is only pained over certain issues,\" he added.Yeddyurappa paid a visit to Tumkur's Siddaganga mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji early morning. He holds the seer in high esteem and always consults him before taking any important decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127507", "title": "5th cop gets beaten publicly in 2 weeks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A constable with the police control room (PCR) was thrashed by a tipsy man publicly when the former tried to stop him while he was thrashing his wife in Manimajra on Sunday. The incident took place around 1.30pm, when constable Sandeep went on the spot after receiving a call from the police control room about a man beating up his wife. Police have arrested Akash Kumar and will produce him in the district courts in Sector 17, on Monday.Constable Sandeep is the fifth police personnel to have been thrashed while performing his duty, in the past fortnight. Police sources said two female constables, who accompanied the constable to the spot also failed to control the tipsy man and could restrain him only with the help of a passerby. Sandeep received injuries and his uniform was also torn in the incident. SHO of the police station at the Manimajra police station, Rakesh Shukla, said, Akash is a habitual drunkard and on Sunday we had got a complaint that he was beating up his wife. Constable Sandeep along with two women constables went to his house. They tried to control Akash but he went berserk.Earlier AbuseOn April 21, two police constables Bhim Singh and Mangat Singh were thrashed by occupants of BMW cars in two incidents. On May 5, two home guards of Chandigarh police were abused, thrashed and threatened in Sector 36 and near Sector 52 in two incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128362", "title": "Demonstrative boating, kayaking in Campal creek", "text": "PANAJI: While many may shun the thought of a boat ride on what they would see as a nullah, enthusiasts, civil society and members of the Goa ForGiving trust enjoyed kayaking and boating on the 'Campal Creek' on Sunday. The event was part of the initiative of Goa ForGiving seeking revival of the Campal Creek.The trust also hopes to see the creek beautified later to make it a tourist attraction.While the boat and kayak rides drew many curious bystanders on the bridge near the DB Marg, others couldn't resist the temptation of a cruise. Drishti lifeguards were at hand to row the boats and provide rescue services if required. The boat rides began near Inox and proceeded along the creek towards the bridge at St Inez from where they turned and returned. Many could be seen clicking photographs from their boats.\"It was fantastic,\" said Franky Gracias who was one among the enthusiasts who undertook a boat ride on the Campal Creek.\"It really gives you the feel of heritage. Once you reach the part of the creek that joins the river , you get a view which is truly amazing. I never knew it was so beautiful,\" he added.CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues who also undertook a boat ride said the ride was easy, but getting the Creek cleaned would be the tough part.Armando Gonsalves, chairman of the Goa ForGiving trust, said \"the boat ride was amazing. I think the last time I've done it was 40 years ago. It was a short ride. This time I went across the entire stretch and it was an amazing experience.\"He said the initiative \"was to try and show people that this (Campal Creek) is a beautiful creek and not a nullah. \"People should understand that waterways add beauty to the land, and need to be protected,\" he added.Gonsalves said he would undertake these boat tides more often after the creek revival process is completed.However, the plastic bottles and other garbage floating on the nullah did not escape the attention of those around. A sewage chamber was seen overflowing in the middle of the Creek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127073", "title": "CM seeks report on misuse of chopper", "text": "HYDERABAD: The chief minister on Sunday directed chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi to order an immediate inquiry into the alleged misuse of a government helicopter wherein a pilot reportedly took a passenger on an unauthorised joyride, a news that has appeared in a section of the media. He asked the Dwivedi to conduct a thorough probe and submit a detailed report in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134187", "title": "Jalaja is back with Balyakalasakhi", "text": "The character heroine of 1980s, Jalaja is coming back after a long gap. She is doing the role of Suhra's mother in the movie 'Balyakalasakhi'.She had won Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress and Filmfare Award for Best Actress in 1981 for the movie Venal directed by Lenin Rajendran.This film is inspired by Vaikom Muhammed Basheer's famous story 'Balyakalasakhi'. Pramod Payanoor is the directorof this film. Megastar Mammootty and Isha Shervani are doing the central charcters of the film.Jalaja is one of the few actors to have acted in the films of most great film-makers of Malayalam cinema, both for art-house and commercial films. The Malayali audience would be thrilled to see her on screen after such a long time for sure.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13133581", "title": "Cartoon row: Pranab says all objectionable content to be removed from textbooks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of controversial cartoons in textbooks generated heat in the Lok Sabha today with members demanding immediate action in the matter saying the sketch has hurt sentiments of a section of the society.Raising the issue during Question Hour, Harsimrat Kaur (SAD) and Shailendra Kumar (SP) demanded that the CBSE textbooks carrying the cartoons should be removed immediately. They were joined by Congress members, including Sanjay Nirupam and Lal Singh, who demanded a clarification from the HRD minister Kapil Sibal. Sibal was not present in the House.Shailendra Kumar walked to the Chair and submitted some papers depicting objectionable cartoons. As he raised the issue from the Well, the Chair asked him to return to his seat.Parliamentary affairs minister P K Bansal clarified the government position saying, \"Even before the matter came up before the House, the minister had noticed it and directed that the cartoons be removed from the books.\"When this did not pacify the members, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said, \"All objectionable material in textbooks and, if necessary, the books will be removed.\"Mukherjee assured the House that such books will not be prescribed and the entire publication will be withdrawn. He said the HRD minister or he himself will apprise the House once steps have been taken.Nirupam demanded that an apology should be rendered to those who have been insulted in the cartoons and appropriate action should be taken against the guilty. Speaker Meira Kumar said the matter is important but asked them to raise it during Zero Hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "13127835", "title": "Young get grooving, shake off stress", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: As the weekend set in, the city came alive with residents enjoying a Saturday night party at a restro bar in Ferozepur Road to shake off all the fatigue of the hectic week. A DJ from Delhi had been specially invited to get the young men and women grooving.Barewal Road-resident Amandeep, who was at the party, said he enjoyed switching off from everything else and just keeping step with the music. The DJ mixed music very well making it hard to resist shaking a leg. Since Sundays are off from usual work, Saturday night parties are real fun. Its simply breaking up from the dull routine of life and enjoying oneself, he said.For Model Towns Mandeep a Saturday night party was about shaking a leg and some stress off with it. Too many concerns often make one feel frustrated and are take away the sheen of ones life so ones got to let go. I am glad the city is catching up with the Saturday night-party culture, he said.Kamaljeet, a resident of Model Town, also informed that he had a lot of fun with his friends. Yaran nal baharan (all fun lies with friends only) and I have made up my mind to keep partying hard with friends.Amit Sharma, who stays in Haibowal, said at the party he was able to cut off from everything else and enjoy to the hilt. After chilling out on Saturdays and relaxing on Sundays one is charged up for the week ahead. When we have adopted the western work culture it is important that we adopt their ways of enjoying too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127708", "title": "Early detection key to saving sight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The retinoblastoma clinic of the department of ophthalmology in PGI, is observing Retinoblastoma Awareness Week till May 19.The doctors emphasized that eyes of every child should be examined right from early years. The purpose of organizing the awareness week was to shed light on white reflex, which is the most common symptom of retinoblastoma in children. In Sundays session, the appearance of white reflex was explained through talks, multimedia, diagrams and videos. It was stressed upon that early detection is the key to saving life and sight. In addition to that, benefits from the government and non government organizations were explained to the public.Retinoblastoma (Rb) is a rare eye cancer that forms in the eyes of babies and young children. Tumours usually develop before the age of three. Rb can affect one eye (unilateral) or both eyes (bilateral) and a child can have multiple tumours in one or both eyes. The cancer does not spread from one eye to the other. Each tumour is caused by a unique genetic change in a single retinal cell. The cancer affects 1:15-20,000 live births, or around 9,000 children every year, worldwide. It affects boys and girls equally, and is not more common in any race of area of the world.Key message was that parents should get the eyes of the children checked by an eye specialist whenever they see white reflex, sudden onset of squint or development of large eye. Families with retinoblastoma history should get the eyes of children checked right from birth onwards for early detection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127388", "title": "Weak rupee hits Rajasthan's gold imports", "text": "JAIPUR: With rupee falling to Rs. 52.36 per dollar, the state's import of gold has gone down drastically, further pushing the prices of the metal.Rajasthan, which imports gold worth Rs 800 crore every year, is facing the heat of sliding rupee against the dollar. This has had a major impact on the sales which has gone down by 70-80% on a daily basis and left the city jewellers jittery about the prospects of recovering the losses.\"There is complete breakdown. Imports have come down to 33% in the local market and the benefits which we were expecting after the rollback of excise and custom duty have been nullified with the rupee getting weaker,\" said Ashish Meghraj, owner of a jewellery store in the city.The jewellery industry here imports gold as a raw material, and traders mostly engage in value addition and delivering a finished product. As a result, the profit margins are directly dependant on the cost of import.\"In gems and jewellery business, we import everything. The cost of raw material has shot up by nearly 22% in just a month. The billing of diamonds and gems is in dollars. With the raw material getting costly, we too have to increase the prices,\" said Manoj Aggarwal, Jaipur-based exporter of gems and jewellery.Experts fear that if the fall in rupee continues for another few days, the price of the yellow metal could escalate to Rs 32,000-Rs33,000 per 10 gram. \"If the trend continues, the gold prices can break all the records,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.As a ripple effect, artisans and goldsmiths too are facing the heat of soaring gold prices. Mahesh Bengali, a goldsmith at Badi Chaupar said, \"There is hardly any work these days. First the 21-day long jewellers' strike and now the increasing gold prices have rendered us jobless. Jewellers say they are not receiving enough orders. It is getting tough for us to survive.\"India's gold imports for April have come down to 30-32 tonnes, a third of 90-92 tonnes recorded last year during the same period. The bullion dealers fear it could further plummet in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127524", "title": "Vasundhara Raje meets Gadkari, Jaitley in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: Former chief minister Vasundhara Raje , who recently found herself in the middle of a major feud within the state BJP, met senior leader Arun Jaitley and party president Nitin Gadkari in New Delhi on Sunday. According to reports, Raje discussed the recent turn of events in the party in the state and expressed regret over them.Raje said that the feud over Gulab Chand Kataria's Lok Jagran Yatra was rather unfortunate and told them that she had no plans to quit the party. She had met Jaitley at the Parliament while on Sunday evening she paid a visit to Gadkari at his residence.Raje also stressed on the need for certain changes in the state unit. The Raje camp for long has been demanding a change in the leadership and a formal announcement on her name as the chief minister candidate ahead of the assembly elections.Infighting had the state unit in jitters after Raje threatened to resign from the party over giving Kataria a green signal for his yatra. On May 5, Raje during the state core committee's meeting, had stormed out in protest, following which several Raje loyalists including 61 legislators handed over their resignations to her.After a show of strength for almost a week in Jaipur, Raje left for Delhi on Friday. Prior to this, the senior leadership had clarified that no disciplinary action would be taken against those who had resigned.She will be in Sikar on Tuesday along with senior BJP leader L K Advani and Parkash Singh Badal to attend the unveiling of the statue of former Vice-President Bhairon Singh Shekhawat at his ancestral village Khachariawas. The senior leaders would arrive at Khachariawas in Sikar by a chopper to attend the ceremony which coincides with his second death anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128496", "title": "Narvekar gives in after police intervene", "text": "PANAJI: The revolting managing committee members of the Goa Cricket Association needed police protection to take charge of the association on Sunday.Embattled GCA president Dayanand Narvekar allegedly gave the members a tongue-lashing, abused, threatened, locked the GCA headquarters at Porvorim and refused to budge until Porvorim police took matters in their own hands amidst high drama.\"I have not handed charge to anyone. They took charge forcibly and with the help of the police,\" Narvekar said.The rival group-that claimed support of 12 members with the arrival of Prakash Phadte in Goa and enjoy the backing of chief minister Manohar Parrikar-were in a celebratory mood after dethroning Narvekar.\"We have the majority and we have taken charge. A meeting of the managing committee has been convened for Monday,\" said senior vice-president and acting president Vinod Phadke.Porvorim police said Phadke lodged a complaint alleging the members were abused and threatened by Narvekar, who had trespassed into the premise.He also alleged that they were restrained from entering the premises by Narvekar, who had locked the gate and was himself saddled inside. Police protection was immediately sought but no case was registered.Related report, P 16\"As per our information Narvekar arrived at the GCA premises at about 3.45pm and locked himself in the premises with his supporters when the (managing committee) members arrived at about 4.05 pm,\" police said.Fearing a law and order problem, a police team led by PI CL Patil rushed to the GCA headquarters and there was a heated debate between both parties.\"Finally, Narvekar allowed the members to enter from the Southern side of the premise. He greeted the present members, wished them the best and walked out,\" police added.Eleven of the 13 managing committee members, it may be recalled, sensationally joined hands to show Narvekar the door.Narvekar has ruled GCA with an iron-hand since assuming charge in 1998. Since then he has enjoyed an uninterrupted and free reign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13131455", "title": "Keshubhai Patel targets Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi may find the going tough for the upcoming assembly elections as his predecessor and and BJP warhorse, Keshubhai Patel, is mobilising politically influential Patel community which can tilt the power balance in the state.The 82-year-old Modi-baiter, who remained in political wilderness for over four years, has not only embarked on to attending public meetings and functions, mainly organised by his community, but also been openly criticising Modi, while pitching for the change of current government.From the beginning of this year, the BJP stalwart, who was unceremoniously removed from the chief minister's chair and replaced by Modi in 2001, has attended more than four major public gatherings and openly voiced his thoughts against the chief minister.Patels, who constitute about 18 per cent of state population, shifted their loyalty to BJP in Gujarat after former Congress chief minister Madhavsinh Solanki worked out a KHAM (Kshatriyas, Harijans, Adivasi (tribals) and Muslims) formula to politically alienate the powerful community.Patels were the backbone of BJP's successive victories in the state elections.In the run-up to 2007 elections Keshubhai Patel had initially taken a tough stand against Modi, however, he relented only after intervention and promises from party's top leadership, sources close to Patel said.\"However, those promises have not been kept either by the top leadership or by Modi so he (Patel) was lying low so far,\" they said.\"However, this time he is determined to take the fight to its logical conclusion,\" they added.Among other promises, Patel was purportedly assured of giving ticket to his son in 2007 assembly polls.The determination to put Modi on mat is palpable in Patel as apart from attending public meetings, the former chief minister has also been networking with leaders like Gordhan Zadafia, who has openly revolted against Modi and formed his own outfit, Maha Gujarat Janta Party (MJP).In absence of strong and credible opposition in Gujarat, Patel's campaign against Modi is emerging a major factor in the run-up to the elections due in December this year.In a recent public meeting Patel said that his community was \"living in fear under the present regime of Modi\".Blurting out a popular catch-line of an advertisement, Patel said that \"Dar ke agey jeet hai (victory is yours if you overcome fear); we require to hold our nerves\".Underlining the sentiment, Zadafia, who fell out with Modi, said, \"Keshubhai has nothing personal to gain that is why he is taking on the present regime. He is coming out as a statesman to help people who are finding themselves in trouble\".The founder president of Maha Gujarat Janta Party further said that \"Keshubhai's word matters not only in his community but among many others as he has spent 60 years in public life of Gujarat. He is still active and meeting people by touring all over the state\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nottingham", "code": "13131553", "title": "Meeting of minds", "text": "NOTTINGHAM: The 10th anniversary of the Developing Solutions programme and the successes of past and current scholars were celebrated with a conference hosted at Nottingham's University Park campus on Monday April 30.The programme included a keynote speech by the Jeremy Browne MP, minister of State for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a talk on the origins of the scholarship programme by Dr Christine Humfrey, former director of the International Office at Nottingham.The University of Nottingham is due to mark this major milestone of its flagship Developing Solutions programme by transforming it from its foundations as a scholarship programme to a broader scheme.Vincenzo Raimo, director of the University of Nottingham's International Office, said, \"Developing Solutions is an investment in the development and growth of nations through individuals. Our vision is for it to grow into a UK flagship scheme for international scholarships, recognised for its support of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals.\"Working with external organisations and partner institutions, the updated scheme aims to empower students through learning so they can make a real difference to the development and prosperity of their home country. It will also provide funding towards travel and living expenses, to ensure that the most talented overseas students have the opportunity to study at Nottingham regardless of their financial circumstances.Najabat Ali Khan, a beneficiary of a Developing Solutions scholarship, said, \"I chose to study MSc in Computer Science and Entrepreneurship because it is unique and highly valued in the software industry. With the current credit crunch, it can be really hard for students or their parents to bear the financial cost associated with higher education.\"The scheme focuses on one-year Masters of Science (MSc) programmes that have development and sustainability at their core and sits alongside the Commonwealth Shared Scholarships, a joint initiative between the UK Department for International Development (DID) and UK universities.The Developing Solutions Scholarship scheme will offer 105 scholarships in 2012. While 30 will cover 100% of the tuition fee, the remaining 75 will have to pay 50% of the cost.However, almost one-third of successful scholarship winners are forced to decline the award due to financial constraints. The improved Developing Solutions programme will aim to provide greater assistance with travel and living expenses to more students through the support of the University's Impact Campaign.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127662", "title": "Give Muslims due space in House: Owaisi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raking up the issue of a \"deficit\" in representation of Muslims in Parliament, MIM MP from Hyderabad Asaduddin Owaisi on Sunday asked for proportional representation since in the past 60 years, the representation of Muslims had not risen in keeping with the proportion of rise in the Muslim population in the country. \"Only 471 Muslims have been elected to Parliament so far, and this is the reason for the backwardness of the community,\" he said.According to the Hyderabad MP, the 60th year was \"the right time to decide on proportional representation\". He said 60 years had not healed the pains of the Muslim community. \"I don't want to carry the baggage of secularism,\" he declared.Rajya Sabha MP Sitaram Yechury also called for structural changes in Indian democracy as he lamented the fact that there were central governments which did not even have more than 36% of popular vote. He said it was time, therefore, to look at the issue of proportional representation.\"We can begin by having two adjoining constituencies clubbed together and each individual having two votes, one for the party and the other for the individual, so that the diversity of India doesn't become a casualty,'' he said.\"And then, the percentage of votes received by the party can be presented, according to a pre-given list, to the Election Commission , on the basis of priority. Then we could have individual and party representations and that the government that is formed would necessarily have to be formed with 50% plus votes,'' he added, recalling that the 1928 Motilal Nehru Commission had first come up with the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "13128981", "title": "Hostel warden held for molesting minor girl", "text": "FARIDKOT: The warden of a school hostel meant for the specially-abled was arrested here on Sunday for allegedly molesting a mentally-challenged minor girl.Police officials said that Sukhchain, warden of the hostel, had tried to rape the girl on Friday.Police case against the accused was registered on Sunday following recommendations from Faridkot deputy commissioner Ravi Bhagat, who had ordered an inquiry earlier.The probe was conducted by child development and protection officer (CDPO) Shinder Pal Kaur, who indicted Sukhchain.The inquiry report noted that Sukhchain on Friday night asked all the inmates to go to their rooms after dinner but took the victim, a resident of Tarn Taran district, to his room.\"He (Sukhchain) made sexual advances towards her. The girl started shouting when he tried to abuse her. Hearing her cries, the hostel staff rushed to the room and rescued the victim,\" said the report.Even though Sukhchain has been arrested, the entire incident has put a question mark over the safety and security of girl inmates in such hostels.The victim had narrated her trauma before the inquiry committee.The girl was admitted in the school last month. She was medically examined to ascertain the extent of abuse.\"While arresting the accused, we have warned the officials of the institute against any repeat of such an incident in the future,\" Bhagat said. The victim has been admitted to a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128215", "title": "Communication and Holistic Development to teach kids street games at Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When was the last time you saw a group of children playing a game of 'Gili Danda'? It will be difficult question to answer for most of us.This summer however, groups of children will be seen playing various traditional street games like Nagolchu, Vartul No Raja, Indu, Gili Danda, Dhamal Dhoko, Pagathia and such other games at the campus of Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University. With a multipronged ideas including protecting these games from extinction as well as inculcation like skills, faculty and staff members of the University will be teaching these games to the children as a part of the summer camp.The three weeks long summer-camp which is organized by center for Communication and Holistic Development (CHD) at CEPT will accommodate around 30 children will begin from May 7.\"It is very important that the young children learn about these traditional games. The street games are good means for children to learn about how to socialize with their friends , neighbors and other people as they grow up. Apart from this, these games which are a part of our cultural heritage are fading away. By teaching them to the children we want to pass this heritage on to the future generations,\" said coordinator at CHD, Mithun Khandwala.Staffs and faculties at CEPT University will volunteer to teach the children the street games. Comparing the values of the traditional games and the modern digital games Khandwala said, \"Children confine themselves to playing various types of digital. There is no social activity involved in playing these games as the children play alone. Most of these games are very aggressive and violent. It gets into their minds as they grow up and this is reflected in the violent nature of the teenagers and youths at various parts of the world today.\"The workshop will be held from Monday to Friday over a span of three weeks between 9am to 12 pm. The children will also be taught about art and culture, life skills, management and design.\"As a part of the traditional practices that are imparting to the children, we will be teaching them various home remedies like 'how to use turmeric to heal scars', 'honey and ginger could cure coughing' and so on. We will also organize a heritage walk for the children as well as sensitize them about nature as a part of the camp,\" said Rinku Bhagat, programme coordinator with CHD.NagolchuThe game is played between two teams. Seven small plates of stone are piled up. A member of one team will throw a ball to break the pile while the opposite team will attempt to assemble the broken pile of stones. The first team will try to hit the other members of the other team who are attempting to pile up the stones. Each member who is hit will be out of the game.Vartul No RajaA team of players stand in a circle. One or more players stand inside the circle. Those players standing on the circle try to hit the players inside the circle with a ball. Those who get hit get eliminated from the game. Rather than winning or loosing, the game is more for agility and fun.PagathiaTen compartments are chalked out with lines. The first player has to throw a stone called kakoti in the first compartment. Standing on one leg, the player tries to kick the stone to the next box and then the next till all the boxes are complete. The player fails if the stone falls on the line of the other leg drops to the ground. The failure of the first player gives a chance for the second player to try the feat.Dhamal DhokoA team of players are sitting in a circle facing towards the centre of the circle. Two selected players with handkerchiefs in their hands will run around the players attempting to secretly drop the handkerchief behind one of the players. The player who was not aware that the handkerchief has been dropped behind him will have to get up and replace the one who was running.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129058", "title": "Update", "text": "Gender EqualityHilton Worldwide announced a three-year partnership with Room to Read - a global non-profit organisation. The partnership supports Room to Read's approach to literacy and girls' education in South and Southeast Asia aiming to reach more than 2,000 young people in the first phase of the programme . Hilton Worldwide will also support Room to Read's annual spring fundraising campaign promoting the girls' education programme by matching donations up to US$ 150,000 till May 31.Tvet CongressAbout 800 education specialists and representatives from governmental and non-governmental organisations, industry leaders and entrepreneurs will meet at the third International Congress on Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) in Shanghai , China from May 13-16 . Their objective will be to identify ways of transforming TVET, which is considered a key part of the response to both employment issues and the construction of green economies and societies.Mobile And HealthLatest reports from The Biological Effects Policy Advisory Group (BEPAG) reveal that there is no persuasive evidence that normal mobile phone use or adult exposure to pylons and power lines causes harmful health effects , such as cancer. The findings are published in a new position statement from the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET).Work-Life BalanceAccording to the Regus Work-Life Balance Index, more business people in India have declared that their work-life balance has improved. The Index calibrates job satisfaction indicators and respondents' views on their overall work-life balance. At 139, India stands above the global average of 124.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13128312", "title": "Mutt heads join hands against Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed outside the Madurai adheenam situated near the Sri Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple here on Sunday, as members of the Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee demanded the immediate removal of Nithyananda as the junior pontiff of the mutt and also sought the state government's intervention into the issue. The protesters, numbering about 150 also tried to enter the mutt premises to offer worship to the idol of Thirugnansambandar, but were arrested by the police.The ancient mutt of Madurai adheenam shot into limelight on April 27 when the present pontiff Arunagirinatha Gnanasambanda Desikar announced the appointment of self-styled godman Nithyananda as the junior pontiff. Many mutt heads and Hindu outfits then joined hands to form the committee with a resolve to remove the latter from the post.On Sunday, the committee met for the first time after its formation at the mandapam belonging to the Dharmapuram adheenam situated on North Masi Street in the city to discuss their next course of action. The unanimous resolution for the removal of Nithyananda as the junior pontiff and the immediate intervention of the Tamil Nadu government into the matter was passed during the meeting.The mutt heads, including Muthukumarasamy Thampiran (Dharmapuram adheenam), Sundaramoorthy Thampiran (Thiruvaduthurai adheenam), Swami Ahilanandha (junior pontiff of the Thirupananthal adheenam), Nellai Kannan (Congress leader), Arjun Sampath (president of Hindu Makkal Katchi) and Muruganji (Forward Bloc leader) said that all mutts should be consulted before duly choosing the next junior pontiff of the Madurai mutt. Nellai Kannan said he would not relent till Nithyananda was removed.The Dharmapuram mutt head said that this was not the first time that the present pontiff had indulged in such contradictory and controversial issues. He said that there were certain rules and regulations followed while appointing a mutt successor. This included the new pontiff adorning holy ash on 16 places on his body, having his head tonsured and obtaining diksha. None of this had been done in the case of Nithyananda. This was a mutt that was formed to propagate Hinduism and when it deviated or erred from its path, the government could intervene and set things right, he said.When asked about the statements made by Nithyananda against other mutt heads, Muthukumarasamy Thampiran said the present pontiff had appointed a small boy as the junior pontiff and later chased him away. \"Now, he has appointed Nithyananda, who is not fit for this post. When we point this out, Nithyananda is asking us if we are ready to install cameras in our bedrooms. We are clear in our words and deeds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127786", "title": "\u2018Aamir has no hand in Rajasthan's drive against feticide\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma on Sunday said that it is not because of actor Aamir Khan that the state government has sprung into action to fight against female feticide.After inaugurating the Rajiv Gandhi Sewa Kendra in Karauli district, Sharma said, \"It is much before Aamir Khan took up the matter that chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced in the budget that a task force would be constituted to check feticide. Also, the state government launched 15 Hamari Beti Express, a van for spreading awareness about female feticide. Also, raids were conducted at sonography centres and cases were registered against the accused. So, the government has always been active in tackling the problem. The government has also announced Rs 1 lakh reward for the person informing about people involved in female feticide. All this was done much before than Khan took up the issue.\"Talking about the thing he admired in Khan, he said, \"He (Khan), in the programme, pointed out that a person should change himself first. I think people should start with themselves if they really wish to bring a change in the society.\"Sharma appealed to the people that if they find any person involved in sex selection, they should immediately inform the authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127517", "title": "Petitioner demolishes dividers on the bus rapid transit corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second day of the trial run on the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor saw high drama as kerbstones in the centre of the corridor were found demolished on Sunday morning. These kerbstones, which divided the dedicated bus lane from the rest of the carriageway, were removed by Colonel BB Sharan, a petitioner in the original PIL which had raised questions on the viability of the BRT.Sources said Sharan and a few men came to the BRT corridor late on Saturday night bulldozed the dividers. \"Though officials from DIMTS who were there at that time tried to stop him, he claimed that he had a court order that allowed him to do so,\" said a senior government official. Later, when contacted, DIMTS officials said that a report had been sent to the transport department and appropriate action would be taken. Sharan told TOI he had removed the dividers as without that, a proper trial run could not take place. Sharan, who runs the NGO Nyayabhoomi, said, \"How can an all-inclusive test be done without removing these barriers? The vehicles will certainly be not able to change lanes because of these barriers. People travelling on the left cannot go right and will have to keep going up to the next signal. There must be a lane-changing area after every 300 metres.\"Incidentally, Sharan had moved a petition on Friday, asking the HC to give permission to do away with the dividers, which he had claimed could prove to be a safety hazard once the trial runs were on. The court had then made it clear that CRRI was \"at liberty to remove barriers or dividers and do anything in accordance with the laws to ensure the purpose of the study is achieved\". CRRI officials, however, said that they were conducting the study within the parameters required. A CRRI official said, \"We didn't feel the need to uproot the dividers for the trial run. All the physical changes that needed to be undertaken, like road signage, street markings and metal barriers were put in place for the trial run,\" said Dr S Velmurugan, senior scientist who heads the CRRI study team.Sharan, however, said Friday's HC order had made him a member of the court-appointed study team from CRRI and as such, he could also help in the on-going trial run. \"I should be given credit for averting accidents. Now, the trial run can be conducted properly,\" said Sharan. A senior transport official said, \"Col Sharan could have at least discussed the issue with the department before taking such a drastic step. We are looking into what action we can take against him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127490", "title": "State-run AC buses from Mumbai to Nashik soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The journey from Mumbai to Nashik is set to become more comfortable as the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will introduce air-conditioned (AC) buses on the route.\"The MSRTC is indigenously manufacturing the semi-luxury AC buses, which are expected to hit the road in a few weeks,\" said an MSRTC spokesperson.\"We will initially launch new Sheetal (semi-luxury AC) buses on the Mumbai-Nashik sector,\" said a senior official, adding, \"Based on the demand, we will introduce AC Volvos and extend the trip up to Shirdi.\"The MSRTC has also started a midi-bus service from Nashik to Triambakeshwar-visited by thousands of devotees daily. The corporation has also introduced the new JNNURM buses, with low floor and LED indicator panels, on the intra-city routes in Nashik.The MSRTC also plans to start AC bus services from Mumbai to Ratnagiri in a couple of months. This will be followed by buses on Mumbai-Goa and Mumbai-Bengaluru routes. Sheetal buses are also being launched to connect smaller towns and tier-II cities like Aurangabad and Nagpur.\"We will soon launch services from Mumbai to Karad, CM Prithviraj Chavan's hometown, by May 20,\" said a spokesperson. This will be done due to the huge demand and not because it is the CM's hometown, he claimed.Launching services between Pune-Aurangabad and Nagpur- Amravati is also on the cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127314", "title": "Now, tracking device to curb feticide in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a cue from Kolhapur district in Maharashtra, the Pali district in Rajasthan will install ultra sound tracking technology device called 'silent observer' (SIOB) at all the sonography centres in the district to control sex selection and female feticide.The district administration will start installing the device from May 18 at all the 35 sonography centres operational in the district.The main server of the 'silent observer' will be at the collectorate. Also, the devices would remain connected to each other. It's a small device, which would be attached to sonography machines. It captures the sonography image. It records personal data of the patient including the images. The server at collectorate would enable the officials to monitor all the sonography tests being conducted in the city.The district administration will make use of the data collected at the server to verify that whether a particular pregnant woman, who underwent sonography on such a date, delivered a baby or not or she has aborted the child. The process will help the Pali district administration to save the girl fetus from being aborted.As per Census 2011, the district witnessed a decline of 30 girl child (0-6 age group) per 1,000 boys compared to the figures in Census 2001. In Rajasthan, the drop of sex ratio is 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011.Pali district collector Neeraj K Pawan said, \"The sex ratio has declined in the district in the last decade. We decided to install the devices three months ago but for certain reasons we could not do so. Now, we are starting it from May 18.\"Pawan added, \"We contacted the company which installed the 'silent observer' in Kolhapur and handed over the work to the same company here. We have also analyzed how the 'silent observer' is working there in Kolhapur and after that we decided to go for it as it is very necessary to keep an eye on the sonography centres who are involved in sex selection. It will cost around Rs10 lakh, which will be contributed by sonography centres and raised by charity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "13127933", "title": "No respite from the bumpy ride", "text": "BRS NAGAR: The ride from Durga Mata Mandir towards Ferozepur Road would sure leave you cramps and sprains as the municipal authorities have left the road in shambles after completing the storm sewerage project.And the trouble doesn't seem to end for BRS Nagar residents anytime soon as the MC officials are not sure when this road would be reconstructed. They have floated the tenders, but, by the time this long procedure of tenders comes to end, the election code of conduct would be imposed due to councillor elections.Residents say some portion of the road was dug up for laying down storm sewerage, due to which road portion for traffic movement has reduced. The road is not even leveled properly and could prove dangerous for commuters.P N Verman, a retired PAU professor, said, The power department had damaged the underground water pipelines, telephone cables a few days ago while laying down underground wiring as the road had storm sewerage beneath it. The contractor fixed the damage somehow but the road remains to be a bumpy ride still.MC has left the road from Durga Mata Mandir towards Ferozepur Road in shambles after completing the storm sewerage project. Sukriti Jain, a student from the area, said the road is neither levelled nor heaps of sand have been removed from it. There is always a risk of accident on this road,'' she added.Executive engineer, bridges and roads department, M P S Kalra said, The tenders we had floated are yet to be allotted. The allotment would depend upon decision of finance and contracts committee, following which we would be able to start the work.'' The storm sewerage was being laid from Durga Mata Mandir till Ferozepur Road at a cost of Rs 20 lakh. Passing through several hiccups, this work had completed in September last year. Even the precautionary period of six months afetr laying the sewerage pipes has passed now, but the road construction is in no postion to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13126975", "title": "SP readies cadre for early Lok Sabha polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trinamool Congress supremo Mamta Banerjee had to withdraw her statement regarding early Lok Sabha elections due to compulsions of coalition politics at the Centre. However, there are no such political compulsions for the Samajwadi Party , which has already accepting applications for party tickets from aspiring MPs.On May 4, the SP had asked its party members to stake their claim for the Lok Sabha ticket by May 31. According to party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary, Akhilesh Yadav has asked all party members to put forth their claim by the month-end. \"This is being done to ensure right and timely selection of candidates for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls,\" he said.\"The application for the ticket can be made on a set format available in the party office. For this, the candidate will have to pay a fee of Rs 10,000,\" Chaudhary said.SP supremo Mulayam Singh had on March 23 and on April 7 asked his party workers to gear up for the general elections.The SP was the first party to distribute tickets among its candidates in the UP assembly polls. This is also seen as a reason for the party's grand performance in UP.On Friday, Mamata had told party workers in Kolkata to be ready for a mid-term poll. Taking exception to Mamata's statement, the Congress communicated its discomfort to the TMC chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134213", "title": "Mary Kom, Pinky Jangra and Meena Rani advance at World Boxing Championships", "text": "Mary Kom (51 kgs), Pinky Jangra (48 kgs) and Meena Rani (64 kgs) advanced to the next round of the 7th AIBA World Women Boxing Championships in progress at Qinhuangdao, China. However, Sonia Lather (54 kgs) and Neetu Chahal (69 kgs) lot to their opponentsIn the 51 kgs weight category Mary was shocked when she saw Minako Ayawo of Japan charging at her from her ring corner and catching her off guard as soon as the gong was sounded for the first round. Experience and superior ring craft saved the day for Mary as she quickly recovered her composure and managed to retrieve the situation and gain the upper hand with some quick jabs.The Japanese boxer was aware that the only way she could beat Kom is by making her uncomfortable. Hence she adopted a rough and tumble street brawl kind of approach by holding, pushing, head butting etc. Mary took a lead of 4:1 points at the end of round 1 and increased it to 8:2 by the end of round 2.In the 3rd round, Ayako Minowa's head butt caused a small laceration on the lateral part of Mary's left eye. In round 4, Minako was like a rampaging bull let loose and tried all her known tricks to upset Mary Kom's rhythm in vain. Round 3 ended with a score of 15:5 pts and at the end of round 4 it was 20:9 pts in favour of Mary Kom. She will now meet Marielle Hansen of Norway on 15 May 2012.In the 48 kgs weight category, Pinky Jangra defeated Mirela Barudzic of Serbia by Referee Stopping Contest (RSC) in the 4th round. It was indeed a treat to watch Pinky handing out a copybook boxing lesson to her much taller opponent by delivering clean hard blows to the face and body and at the same time keeping her guard in place all the time.At the end of round 1 the score was 8:0 pts in favour of India and at the end of round 2 it was 12:1 pts which increased to 18:1 pts at the end of round 3. Pinky ensured that the Referee finally had to stop the bout in round 4 as he had by then given four standing compulsory counts to the Serbian boxer. Pinky Jangra will now play against Lidia Ion of Romania on 15 May 2012.In the 64 kgs weight category Meena defeated Nikolett Csosz of Hungary by retirement in the 4th round. At the end of round 1, Meena was ahead on pts 8:4, which increased to 16:8 by the end of round 2. By the end of round 3, Meena was ahead by a huge margin of 24:9 pts. Finally in the 4th round, the Serbian corner threw in the towel signalling that his boxer would like to retire.In the 54 kgs, disappointment was in store for the Indian Camp as 7th seeded Sonia Lather unexpectedly lost to Elena Walendzik of Germany on points 9:18. Sonia trailed by a small margin in all the four rounds. At the end of round 1 the score was 3:5 pts. By the end of round 2 the score became 4:9 pts. At the end of round 3 the score was 7:14 and finally by the end of round 4 it became 9:18 pts. Sonia played a brilliant game and had tried her best to increase the tempo but the German boxer was more experienced and hence staved her attacks with ease.In the 69 kgs weight category, Neetu Chahal lost to World No.1 Seed Marie de Jong of Netherlands by a close margin of 8:14 pts. Although it was Neetu leading at the end of round 1 by a small margin of 2:1 pts, she subsequently lost her tempo and trailed 5:6 at the end of round 2. In round 3, Neetu Chahal got a Warning for butting with the head and the score read 6:11 in favour of Marie de Jong. Although Neetu did accelerate her punches in round 4, it was a bit too late and she lost on pts 8:14.In Monday's (14 May 2012) bouts, K Mandakini (57 kgs) will play against Tiara Brown of USA while in the 60 kgs Sarita Devi will play Gulsum Tatar of Turkey and in the 81 kgs, RL Jenny will meet Sarah Scheurich of Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13128307", "title": "Recalling village glories through walks", "text": "MADURAI: On Sunday, several people interested in history and culture visited Thuvariman, a village on the outskirts of Madurai, which has a rich archaeological history dating back to over 3,000 years and is known as the spring from where the erstwhile Kiruthumalnadhi originated.People are regularly taken to such places around Madurai for the last seven years as part of the heritage walk organised by Dhan Foundation. Professor V Vedachalam, an archaeologist, briefs them on the importance of these places.The visit to Thuvariman highlighted the fact that many archaeological evidences including burial urns, vessels and copper coins from the early Pandyan dynasty had been unearthed. Vedachalam said the villages in this region including Kochadai, Thenur, Sholavandan, Kodimangalam and Thuvariman were very important during previous eras, as was evident from the ancient Pandya and Chola temples found in this region.According to history, Thuvariman acquired importance because it was a place to where people from Dwaraka migrated and settled, he said. This place was important because a series of springs that originated in the Nagamalai hills in the vicinity converged here to form the river of Kiruthumal, which played and important role in the history and civilization of Madurai. This river has now been transformed into a sewage channel trickling through Madurai city and has almost become non-existent.Local villagers expressed their unhappiness over the disappearance of water bodies such as the large Thuvariman tank due to negligence. An elderly person from the village, Venketraman, said the villagers were ready to contribute to the rehabilitation of this tank if the government and NGOs came forward to renovate it. Project officer of the tourism wing of Dhan Foundation said the public should take up such causes and carry out the work independently without waiting for others to initiate it. Members of the Travel Club in Madurai, students and public participated in the heritage walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127342", "title": "French tourist was drugged, sexually abused", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a month after a 34-year-old French woman was found dead at a Paharganj hotel room, police have learnt that a Kashmiri handicrafts dealer, who was arrested in the case, had given her excessive cocaine while denying her food and repeatedly had sex while she was under the drug's influence. The victim, Laurine, died of drug overdose. Police have sent her viscera sample and vaginal swab for forensic examination. The accused, Manzoor Ahmed, who has a shop in Paharganj, is likely to be booked for rape as well after the reports come in, they said.According to Manzoor's confession statement, exclusively accessed by TOI, he used to target foreign women - mostly from Italy, Germany, France and New Zealand - who visited his shop in Paharganj, befriended them, offered drugs and then had sex with them.\"I killed her by giving her excessive drugs, cigarettes and then having sex with her. I did not even let her go for lunch,\" said Manzoor, in his late 30s, in the confession. The decomposed body of Laurine alias Laura, who came from France on March 19 this year, was found in the room number 203 of Hindustan International Deluxe in Paharganj on April 4. She was last seen with Manzoor, who runs a shop, Lotus Creations. The room was also booked in Manzoor's name. Laurine had been staying at Hare Rama guest house in the area. The hotel staff broke into the room and found the body after it had started stinking. The body was hidden under the double bed. There were empty beer bottles in the room and traces of drugs.Manzoor, whose parents, wife and two children live in Srinagar, met Laurine first at his shop around 3.30pm on April 1 when she came there looking for artificial jewellery. \"I wanted her to be with me so I made a plan to meet her in the evening. I took her to Hindustan hotel at 8pm, where I had kept six-seven beer bottles in advance along with four-five small pouches of drugs,\" he said in his confession. Police said the drug was found to be cocaine. Manzoor told the cops that he used to procure the drug from a Kashmiri youth, Jafar, every Thursday near Kashmere Gate ISBT. \"This drug makes one feel like having sex,\" he said in the confession. In the room, the accused gave her beer and cocaine. \"When she became uncontrollable, I had sex with her several times,\" Manzoor confessed, adding that he also kept two-three pouches in Laurine's bag as a gift. \"The next day (April 2), when we woke up around 10am, we had beer and I forced her to snort drugs again. Around 3pm, I went for lunch and when I came back, she was lying on the bed and breathing very fast,\" says the statement. Moments later, Laurine died.The accused hid the body under the bed and stayed in the hotel room on April 3. But when the body started to smell, he took her belongings at about 7.30am on April 4 and fled to Kashmir. He was arrested from Srinagar two days after the body was found. Manzoor, who has been running a handicrafts shop in Paharganj for 18-20 years said in his disclosure that he had several foreigner women friends. Several of them had stayed in his houseboat in Srinagar too, the police said. Officials said his confessional statement would be part of the chargesheet which will be filed soon. Additional Commissioner of Police (Central) Devesh Chandra Srivastava said, \"We are waiting for forensic reports before filing the chargesheet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127233", "title": "New bridge to take burden off Salimgarh Fort", "text": "NEW DELHI: The decade-old deadlock between Archaeological Survey of India and Northern Railway over construction of a new bridge near 16th-century world heritage site Salimgarh Fort is finally on the way to being resolved.An alternative realignment of the bridge, which will serve the dual purpose of protecting the national monument while allowing the railways to maintain its link with the eastern states, has been approved at several levels. The proposal is in the process of getting an NOC from National Monuments Authority. Through this alignment, the new line will join the existing railway line before the fort.The railway line connecting Shahdara to the Old Delhi railway station is more than 150 years old. The railways argued that it had to be replaced with a new bridge to maintain connectivity with the eastern states through rail. With the old railway line throwing up problems, the railways proposed to build a new bridge for which construction started in 2003. However, the work was stalled in 2007 when the ASI intervened. It objected to the construction of the bridge as it involved demolition of a portion of the monument's wall, though crores had already been spent on the project.It was imperative that a new bridge built as the old iron bridge, built in 1867AD, was no longer structurally sound. Moreover, over 150 passenger trains and numerous goods trains passed through this line. Intach was asked to come up with a solution. It proposed the railway track, which was earlier going through Salimgarh Fort, be shifted north and pass over the Yamuna through the realigned bridge. As the diversion is outside 100m radius of Salimgarh, the new construction will fall under the regulated zone. The plan was accepted by the railways and thereafter submitted. \"The construction will be carried out 30m upstream and parallel to the existing road-cum-rail bridges over the Yamuna. According to the Survey of India's site plan, it falls 100m away from the outer wall of Salimgarh Fort,'' said an official.\"Later on, the existing railway tracks, which pass through the protected area of Salimgarh Fort, will mostly be shifted to the recently constructed Ring Road bypass for connectivity with the new Yamuna bridge and construction of walls, piers, etc in the regulated area,'' said an official.The proposed site for construction was visited by the competent authority for Delhi, Vijay Singh, NMA officials and officials from Northern Railway earlier this week. While NMA officials have consented to the plan unofficially, they said a formal NOC would be granted shortly. Singh added that a number of recommendations had been made in his report. The Intach report talks about improving the environment around the monument, which has also been incorporated as a prerequisite for the NOC. \"The part of the old bridge made by the British is still conspicuous by its architectural style but the new road passing along Salimgarh Fort for the Commonwealth gaidge looks shabby. There are some old buildings like a pump house, etc which are abandoned and dysfunctional along the wall of Salimgarh Fort on the eastern side and illegal rickshaw stands and parking sites are openly creating a chaotic environment,'' reads the report.Singh said improving the ambience around Salimgarh was critical. NOC will be granted to the railways, an essential public utility, as an exceptional case pending the framing of heritage bylaws for protected monuments falling on the proposed alignment. \"The railways has been asked to incorporate elements of art &amp; architecture of the Old British Bridge and Salimgarh Fort in the facade of the road under the rail bridge already constructed. The new bridge has to be constructed in a way that it improves the ambience around the bridge and Salimgarh Fort by removing encroachments, dilapidated and abandoned structures and checking undesirable activities,'' said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131484", "title": "Vishal is Bangkok bound", "text": "Work on the Vishal-starrer Samar is progressing at a brisk pace. The unit has been to Bangkok for its next schedule.The film's director, Thiru, said, 'Vishal and I, along with a few other members of the unit, are in Bangkok now'.Trisha and Sunaina play heroines in the film, J D Chakravarthy, Manoj Bajpayee play key roles in the film.The director added, 'We intend to shoot the songs in Malaysia. The film is an action thriller. It is basically about a man whose life is thrown out of gear by a sudden incident and how he comes to terms with it.Yuvan Shankar Raja has scored music for the film and the audio would be out soon. It may be recalled that Vishal and Thiru had worked together in Theeratha Vilayattu Pillai before.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127256", "title": "Rangareddy district industries department bifurcated", "text": "HYDERABAD: Keeping in view the growing demand for industrial activities in and around Rangareddy district, the state government divided the industries department of Rangareddy district into two. A GO (no 92) was issued recently dividing the department as Rangareddy zone 1 and zone 2.Hyderabad suburbs would form part of zone 1 while the rural mandals would come under zone 2. Senior officials said the bifurcation of the department would ensure easy licenses and permissions. Apart from the Balanagar office, two more offices would be set up for effective functioning of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129194", "title": "Missing enzyme", "text": "A rare genetic disease that causes crippling osteoarthritis in the spine and major joints, is far more prevalent worldwide than it was thought to be. Researchers at the University of Liverpool, working with international partners, have identified more than 100 new cases of the disease called alkaptonuria (AKU), in a small community in Vellore, bringing the total number of patients there to 130.Approximately, 40 patients have been found in a village in Southern Jordan, but previously, the disease had been unknown to healthcare workers in the region. There were only four known cases in the UK in 2003, but this has since increased to over 80 patients across the country.Scientists at Liverpool are bringing international researchers together, as part of the AKU Society , to establish a global network that will help further understanding of the condition within communities and healthcare practices. The AKU Society was established in Liverpool in 2003 and supports patients diagnosed with the disease.AKU, explains Lakshminarayan Ranganath, researcher at the University's Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease and clinician at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital, is a rare condition caused by a missing enzyme from birth. This enzyme is required to break down tyrosine, one of the building blocks of proteins. A lack of the enzyme leads to a condition where the connective tissues in the body become stiff and break down. Also, it can lead to bone fractures, and muscle, tendon or ligament ruptures. As for heart, it can cause valve damage, and most importantly, in the cartilage of spine and other joints it leads to severe arthritis, apart from other conditions.Says Ranganath, \"For reasons we do not fully understand, the complications of the disease, especially arthritis, seem to appear after the age of 30 and then progresses steadily from there. The other important feature is that this condition is familial and genetic. The genetic aspects are important; they suggest that the condition will occur in brothers and sisters rather than parents and children. It also occurs much more frequently wherever inter-marriage within family is common.\"As to the impact of this research in the area of genetic diseases globally, Ranganath feels that for AKU, a condition where doctors are hampered by a lack of knowledge and experience, their model is to increase awareness and offer access to expertise. For countries like India where intermarriage is common, it is likely that there will be a significant number of people with this condition, which is for the first time, potentially curable with a drug called nitisinone.What were the challenges of this research? First, to identify a suitable research question, says Ranganath, adding that it started when a woman with AKU had donated her body for medical research. The team carried out a postmortem and realised that there were many questions, for which they did not have answers. \"We needed to know why the condition affected some parts of the body and not others for example. So we decided to find answers to these questions.\" Also, he adds that for more than 40 years, AKU has been considered to be a chemical model of osteoarthritis, a much common condition. AKU, therefore, is a 'gateway' to understanding osteoarthritis better and this in turn has the potential to help develop new treatments for osteoarthritis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128557", "title": "Residents jive to pop music at Times Evening", "text": "KOLKATA: Forgetting the rigour of a routined life, the It was yet another fun filled joyous evening for residents of Sneha Garden apartment at Rai Bahadur Road had a joyous time at the Times Evening organised by last Saturday, as The Times of India last Saturday.The event was organised organised 'Times Evening' presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance, while the prizes were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals , Chowman and Tangerine.More than a hundred people from the apartment participated in the programmes. The old and the young exuded with enthusiasm and excitement. The evening kicked off with a sit-and-draw competition for children between 6 to 12 years of age. A total of 25 kids were seen colouring the canvas with figments of their imagination. Residents, from the elderly to the children alike soaked into the spirit as they participated with full hearted enthusiasm and excitement.The evening kicked off with the sit and draw competition for the children of the housing complex, aged between 6 t0 12. A total of 25 children participated in the contest. The participants were asked to draw as they like.Adrita Podder stood first, while the second and third prize were bagged by Niti Chopra and Kajol Navander.Next in line was came the cooking competition where the women of the complex stirred up some came up with some delicious mouthwatering dishes. Sakshi Bubna was awarded the first prize for her mango pudding. Baked rice with spaghetti, an exotic creation by Navita Bahuwala, bagged the second position, while won the second prize for her unique baked rice with spaghetti, and Khusboo Gupta won the third price for her delicious chocolate pudding. A special prize was given to six-year-old Manan Agarwal for making masala muri.The made for each other contest was next on the list. Then came the interesting made for each other contest for husband and wife couples.A total of eight couples from the housing complex fought it out with each other. Ajay and Navita Bahuwala came judged the first. prize winner as Pankaj and Kabita Agarwal were the judged the second prize winners and Ravi and Lakshmi Nandan came third. was the third prize winners.The Times Tambola contest followed close at heels. came the much exciting Times Tambola contest.The Jaldi Five was won by Dhanatree Navander and 1st row went to Ishita Agarwal. Anubha Babri And Prakash Saraf emerged winners of the 2nd row winner was Anubha Babri and 3rd row respectively. winner was Prakash Saraf.The Full House was won by Sarthak Bahuwala.Apart from these, the evening also stood witness to singing perfomances and elocution by several residents. Both young and the old alike participated in this programme. more than 10 participants from the children to elderly gave individual singing and elocution performance.The day drew to an end programme ended with a excellent musical performance by Bengali band Nightingale. The lead singer Debanshu Majumder belted out some popular numbers as residents clapped and jived to the tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127679", "title": "Multi-level parking is only solution", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even in a planned city like Chandigarh, parking has become a big problem. Going to Shastri Market, Sector 22, or the market adjacent to Kiran Theatre has become a tough task for the commuters due to the haphazard parking of vehicles.Parking near the theatre becomes worse on weekends. The residents can hardly find a place to park their vehicles and if they do get it, it is difficult for them to get the vehicle out from the parking lot because of the congestion.The problem is being faced by both two-wheeler and four-wheeler owners. With the passage of time this problem had increased as the number of vehicles is increasing day by day. In a gross violation of rules, some people park their vehicles on the pavements to avoid the congestion inside the parking lot. The road leading to Shastri Market from behind Kiran Theatre is also chaotic as people often park their vehicles on both sides of the road that often leads to traffic jam. We cannot regulate the parking as its the job of the traffic police. We have marked the space for parking. This is all the municipal corporation can do, said superintending engineer Mukesh Anand.There are many areas where the MC has not even designated parking space and in its absence, there is haphazard parking of four wheelers and two wheelers. Next week we will do a mapping of various parking areas of the city, SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13131776", "title": "Actress Ranjitha lodges criminal complaint against Kanchi Mutt seer Jayendra Saraswathi", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil actress Ranjitha, who was in the news for her proximity with and devotion to self-styled godman Nithyananda, today lodged a criminal defamation complaint against Sri Jayendra Saraswathi of Kanchi Mutt.Ranjitha, who could not complete the defamation proceedings formalities on Friday because of her late arrival in court,was well on time on Monday to present her complaint to the additional chief metropolitan magistrate V P Ravindran.The judge has posted the matter to May 16, when Ranjitha must come again to record her sworn statement. Once that is over, summons will be issued to the persons named by Ranjitha in her complaint.Ranjitha has sought to initiate defamation proceedings against the pontiff for his reported statements against her. She said she was a strong believer and that she used to attend several religious conferences and discourses. She said she became a disciple of Nithyananda after listening to his discourses in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.According to her, Jayendra Saraswathi, in an interview last week, cast aspersions on her relationship with Nithyananda and said she was seen with the godman always. Denying the allegations, Ranjitha said they were made intentionally by the Kanchi seer to defame her. She said she had suffered immense agony and stress due to the 'malicious statement'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13127812", "title": "Residents enjoy chanting Lord Rama's name at satsang", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Followers of Ram Sharnam in the city enjoyed a special satsang organized at the Nav Durga Mata Mandir in Sarabha Nagar. Narkewal Bedi addressed the gathering and spoke about Goddess Durga and the importance of leading a spiritual and honest life.I enjoyed the discourse and it gave me great relief from my stress as I learned many things. I make it a point to attend such discourses as they motivate us to lead a better life for individual and collective growth, said Gaurav Bhakoo, who stays in Rishi Nagar. He added that he specially liked chanting the name of Lord Ram together with many other residents from across the city.Vipin Sharma, a resident of BRS Nagar, said he finds peace at such satsangs. So there was no way I could let go of a chance to be spiritually revived, he added. Gurdev Nagar-resident Vaishali Dhanda said she felt like she was connecting with the divine. I just happened to go to the temple on Sunday morning with my family when we heard the discourse so we stayed back. All of us felt it was the right thing to do, she said.Amit Sharma, who stays in Model Town extension, said he is a firm believer and does not overlook the need to feed ones spiritual needs. I am happy I attended the discourse, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126661", "title": "Three held for stealing laptops", "text": "PUNE: Three persons allegedly involved in a spate of thefts in Sangvi over the last seven days were nabbed recently. The police have recovered two laptops and five cell phones from the trio, even as two other members of the gang remain at large. The suspects have been identified as Suresh Permal Bovi (22), Ramchandra Malleshappa (26) and B V Manju (19), all residents of Dehu road. The trio is originally from Karnataka.Police constables Amol Datar and Ganesh Lokhande on Friday nabbed Bovi and Manju after a hot chase. The duo had snatched the laptop of Preetamsingh Gaharwal (24) of Thergaon. Speaking to TOI, Datar said that on Friday afternoon, he was out on a patrol with Lokhande. As they neared the Jagtap dairy chowk, they heard a youth raise an alarm and spotted two people running away from the spot.Datar said he stopped his motorcycle near the youth, later identified as Gaharwal. Gaharwal told them that he was waiting for an autorickshaw to go to Thergaon, when he was approached by the duo who enquired about an address. As he was talking to them, one of them snatched his laptop and the duo fled. Datar said they immediately went after the duo who entered into the bylanes on seeing them. The two constables abandoned the two-wheeler and started to chase the duo who was nabbed after 10 minutes of a hot chase. Assistant police inspector of the Sangvi police station P D Bhujbal said the police later arrested the duo's accomplice Malleshappa.\"We recovered two laptops from the duo. One of the laptops belonged to Gaharwal and the other, which was stolen from Kalewadi on May 9, belonged to Atul Maindad.\" Investigations have also revealed that Malleshappa had snatched a cell phone belonging to Shraddha Jangale (25) at Kalewadi on May 3 and a cell phone belonging to Digambar Gorule (27) at Pimple Saudagar on May 4. Bhujbal said the gang has five members who used to come to Pune from Karnataka to commit thefts.\"They had hired a room at a Dehu road slum and would commit the crimes early in the morning or in the afternoon.\" Other than snatching valuables, the suspects would enter housing societies early in the morning pretending to deliver newspapers. \"If they found any flats open, they would steal in and escape with cell phones and other valuable items.\" The police suspect that the gang was involved in more such crimes. \"The suspects are in police custody till May 14. We are investigating further,\" Bhujbal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128903", "title": "No red signals from Kamptee Road to Wardha Road!", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists driving from Automotive Chowk on Kamptee Road to Pride Hotel T-point on Wardha Road, or in the other direction, at a steady speed of 35mph will soon get all 14 signals 'green'. This will be made possible due to Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) effort to convert all old signals into LED signals.\"If you speed between the traffic junctions, you will arrive earlier at the light, which will be red instead of green, which will be timed exactly for 35 kmph driving,\" said NMC's traffic engineer Nasir Khan.He appealed to motorists to drive at 35mph to keep traffic moving smoothly.Khan told TOI that this corridor, which is one of the busiest roads in Nagpur, has 14 traffic junctions. Barring three junctions - LIC square, Tall Complex and Ajni Chowk, all signals have already been converted into LED-based systems. \"Within a fortnight, the remaining work will also be completed,\" said Khan.The adverse impact of the increasing traffic is increasing felt at road intersections with old signals.The non-synchronization leads to piling up of vehicles and traffic snarls. With synchronization of signals, the waiting time at signals can be reduced and even eliminated with systematic driving, said Khan.The LED-based traffic lights also consume only 10% of the power of the existing incandescent lights, said Khan.He added that earlier the department used to spend Rs 8,000 for each junction and now the cost has come down to around Rs 1,000-1,500 with the installation of LED-based signals.Welcoming the NMC move, traffic cops said that every day around 500 new vehicles are hitting roads. As a result, important corridors like Wardha Road is experiencing heavy traffic.In fact, there is a decrease of 8-10% in the peak hour journey speeds. If improvements to road infrastructure do not match the pace of traffic growth, there is bound to be an increase in congestion and accidents, say cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128752", "title": "Cops clueless about identity of murdered man", "text": "NAGPUR: Police are yet to establish the identity of a man in his mid-thirties found murdered a day earlier in the basement of an unoccupied apartment block at Rani Durgawati chowk. The man had the name Suresh written on the right hand and a love sign with 'Deewana' and 'Love' tattooed on his chest.He had several injuries of hard and sharp weapons on his chest, head, face and other parts of the body.Cops from Yashodhara Nagar police station have already sent alert messages to neighbouring police stations and also districts, but there has been no clue yet even 24 hours after the body was discovered. Police have also referred to old records and details of local criminals for identification, but there has been no break through. tnnSenior inspector CN Deshmukh of Yashodhara Nagar police station said attempts are continuing to identify the victim. The body has been found behind a liquor bar but the employees of the place said they had no clue about the man. Police have also shown photographs of the deceased to local residents and traders but no one could identify it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129240", "title": "Kanpur receives scattered rainfall", "text": "KANPUR: The city received scattered showers on Saturday night. Though the mercury dropped slightly due to rain but sunny sky on Sunday added to the humidity.Three mm of rainfall was recorded. The westerly winds of nearly 35 to 40 kilometre per hour threw life out of gear.The maximum temperature came down slightly and stood at 39.4 degrees Celsius on Sunday. The minimum temperature also declined to be recorded at 20.2 degrees. The humidity in the morning was 86 per cent, which reduced to 21 per cent in afternoon.The meteorological department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology predicted duststorms due to variation in wind directions. However, the mercury may rise by weekend.The present weather condition is good for almost every crop. The duststorms may add to the sweetness in melons. \"Farmers need to do rapid top dressing of urea or nitrogen in the sugarcane fields otherwise they may suffer a loss. The cucumber creepers need to be arranged properly as fast winds and duststorm may reduce flowering,\" CSA agro-meteorologist Anirudh Dubey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13128151", "title": "Berhampur to free National Highway 217 of hoardings", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The National Highway 217 passing through Berhampur may soon be free of hoardings. The district administration has ordered officials concerned to remove the hoardings from either side of the 12-km stretch of NH passing through the town.\"We have asked the officers of the NH, police, revenue and Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) to pull out the hoardings from either sides of the NH 217 for the free movement of the vehicles,\" said Ganjam collector Krishan Kumar.The big hoardings, which illegally mushroomed along the footpaths, have been causing a lot of traffic problems in the town with residents urging the district administration to solve the problem for quite some time.The issue was discussed at a meeting on the development of Berhampur town held here on Thursday evening. The meeting, presided over by the district collector, was attended by officials of Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Berhampur Development Authority (BDA), besides MLAs from Berhampur and Gopalpur.The district collector also asked BDA officials to conduct a survey to identify open spaces in town and to rid them of encroachment. Some of the open spaces can be utilized for parking vehicles and some of them would be developed as green-belt with plantation and parks, the collector said. Around 150 open plots in the town, reserved by the BDA in different places, have vanished due to the encroachments, he pointed out.The administration also asked the BDA to crack down on buildings which diverted their open or parking spaces for other purposes. The violators would be punished, the collector warned.Berhampur urban water supply executive engineer D S Mohapatra informed the new water treatment plant at Dakhinapur reservoir is almost complete and likely to start functioning by the end of this month. It is estimated to supply an additional 20 million liters of water to the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13129239", "title": "Bridge across Nila to be thrown open on May 17", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Rs 132-crore Chamravattom regulator-cum-bridge across Nila River near Ponnani will be commissioned on May 17.The bridge which is expected to boost the tourism potential of Ponnani and Tirur will be thrown open by chief minister Oommen Chandy. The bridge is expected to raise the water-level in the region and address the water woes of the two municipalities.It will also shorten the distance between Kozhikode and Kochi by 40km and between Ponnani and Tirur by 20km.At least 10 multi-crore tourism projects around the reservoir area are also being planned. This is apart from a tourism corridor project from Ponnani to Kuttipuram along the banks of Nila linking all the heritage sites and pilgrim sites. The initial phase of the project has already been completed.The inaugural function was scheduled for January but the rise in the level of water had affected the concrete works of the basement part of the bridge.A special organizing committee has been formed to make the inaugural function of the bridge a grant success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13129419", "title": "Police form a team, look out for suspect", "text": "Mysore: Cops have zeroed in on a suspect in the ghastly incident where five women were mowed down.Sidda Naika, a native of HD Kote, is suspected to have rammed his car on the group of women, which eventually left all of them dead. Sidda is absconding and the police have formed a team to track him down.Superintendent of police R Dileep told TOI on Sunday that the driver is still absconding. The top cop suspects that Sidda is undergoing treatment in some hospital.A team has been formed to find the absconding driver, he stated. According to police, Sidda Naika, son of Saath Naika, is the owner of a medical shop at Antharasanthe. Even his entire family is absconding from the town. Police have found the registration certificate and insurance documents in the name of Siddanayak from the car.All deceased were employees of a garment factory. Nine other women were also injured in the rash driving case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128880", "title": "Zilch spent on conservation as city lakes gather filth", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) are milking Ambazari and Futala lakes - two of the largest water bodies in the city - for commercial purposes yet not spending a single paisa for its conservation.Parinay Fuke, a member of the standing committee and corporator, told TOI that the two lakes, which fall in his ward, require urgent attention. \"The NIT is earning Rs 20 lakh per year from Futala lake for the last three years by using the western side of the lake for commercial purposes. But it is not ready to spend for the lake's conservation,\" he said.Fuke added that when it comes to revenue-related proposals, the NIT stakes its claim on the lake. \"But when it comes to conservation, the body pushes the responsibility towards the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth and the district administration. Logically, if the NIT is making money from the lake, it should also shoulder the responsibility of conservation and cleanliness,\" said Fuke.According to NIT records, the maintenance of the lake is with PDKV which several years ago used to pump water to its garden and horticulture farm located on opposite banks. Currently, the varsity doesn't use the water.The corporator added that the condition of Ambazari Lake is no different. \"The NMC is earning crores by selling the water to MIDC Hingna and other sources,\" he said.Spread over 180 acres Ambazari Lake is the largest among all lakes in city. It's blessed with natural beauty.\"I will lodge a complaint with the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and if needed even move the high court. The NMC and NIT should spend the entire money earned from the lakes on their conservation,\" he said.Filth and garbage can be seen all around Futala lake, including its catchment area where many shanties have cropped up. Pigs and buffaloes have a free run. The catchment areas on the western and northern sides have dried up. The entire catchment area is unclean and emanates a foul smell. With sewage water allowed to flow in, it is only hastening the lake's destructions. The western side, where the eateries have been constructed, sticks out like a sore thumb as it is clean and well maintained.At Ambazari Lake, the sewage from Wadi and adjacent areas flows into the lake. Though it is encroachment free, the water in the lake seems contaminated according to reports by MIDC and the National Environmental and Engineering Research Institute (Neeri).The officials of NIT and PDKV pointed fingers at each other when asked about the lake's maintenance and conservation. A senior NMC official said the lakes will be rejuvenated with the help of funds expected to be sanctioned from the central government. But nobody is ready to commit for the regular maintenance of the lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126992", "title": "'Lifestyle ailments may put kids at risk'", "text": "BHOPAL: Lifestyle diseases can affect children's health and most at risk are obese and overweight children, say paediatricians speaking at national workshop on infectious diseases organized by Indian Pediatrics Association here on Sunday.\"The problem is starting early with nearly 7-10% school going kids being diagnosed as obese,\" said paediatrician Dr Raju C Shah. Prevalence of child obesity is affecting the affluent class whose children risk getting lifestyle diseases like diabetes , hypertension and even cardiac problems by the time they reach 30 years of age, he added.Lack of open spaces and ever reducing outdoor activity are major cause of obesity and overweight problem found among children. \"One per cent obese children is likely to be affected by lifestyle diseases,\" said Dr Shah.The medical practitioners were of the view that counselling parents and promoting healthy eating habits as one of the ways of tackling the problem, which was a rarity till a decade ago.\"The phenomenon is referred to as 'metabolic syndrome',\" said Dr Shah explaining it as a group of risk factors that occur together and increase the risk for coronary artery disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes. \"Insulin resistance is also common among these children,\" he added.\"Although unheard but some children are also being diagnosed for hypertension, sleep disorders and acidity,\" said another paediatrician, Dr R Mishra.To know whether ones child is overweight, look out for sudden weight gain along with child's age and growth patterns, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126601", "title": "After audit, Ajanta, Ellora caves may become more accessible", "text": "PUNE: Svayam, a Delhi-based NGO, that works to make public places accessible for the elderly and the disabled, plans to undertake an audit of Ajanta and Ellora caves, as well as other ticketed monuments in the Aurangabad circle including Bibi ka Maqbara, Daulatabad Fort, Aurangabad Group of caves and Padavlena caves in Nashik. Svayam, which had earlier signed a memorandum with ASI to help them make their sites in Delhi, Agra and Goa accessible, will gradually move to other sites in Maharashtra. Qutub Minar, the first monument that Svayam audited, became the first heritage monument to be made accessible by ASI. Red Fort, Taj Mahal and Lal Quila, among others, have also been audited by the Svayam team.Abha Negi, director of Svayam, an initiative of the SJ Charitable Trust, said, \"We have been working with ASI as consultants for six years and are currently undertaking the incorporation of accessibility features in a phased manner. We started with trainings of those involved in maintaining the world heritage sites- engineers as well as contractors- before undertaking interventions at different sites.\"\"It showed that the disabled and elderly have a right to expect dignified and comfortable access to and within these heritage sites and buildings,\" she added. In the past, Svayam has also participated whereever possible in audits of Agra fort, Fatehpur Sikri and Taj Mahal.Svayam had also conducted a series of trainings with ASI engineers and contractors. \"These trainings ensured appreciation of user requirements, as opposed to theoretical design prescriptions and guidelines, thereby eliciting an appropriate response followed by required desired action. A host of issues need to be kept in mind while making a heritage site accessible, right from arrival and site access, entrance and entrance gates, change in levels, thresholds, steps, incline of steps, to steep inclines, kissing gates and stiles, historic ground surfaces, surface finishes and other physical features. Staff awareness is also important,\" Negi said.An audit said, \"An access audit process involves observing the building/ heritage site complex from the perspective of its usability by children, disabled, elderly and women. A team of professionals, user groups and trained volunteers form the audit team. They take photographs, measurements and audit the property from the perspective of not only a physically disabled person, but also blind visitors, those with low vision or with hearing impairment or with psycho-social disabilities,\" Sminu Jindal, chairperson of Svayam, said.The team audits each area of the complex which includes the monument's website, parking, ticket counters/ information kiosks, toilets/amenities (drinking water facilities etc), approach ways and access route to and around the monument and to major attractions within the monument, canteens/eating joints or refreshment areas/ souvenir shop/counter, and museum/interpretation centre/ libraries.Other aspects audited include level differences that create barriers for smooth mobility and safety of visitors, directional and informational signages at the entrance, parking and all other areas frequented or likely to be frequented by visitors, mobility equipment (if available) and topography/level changes in the complex.Access features are suggested with the archaeological norms in mind. \"We ensure that the intervention gels with the overall aesthetics of the monument and does not stand out like a sore thumb. Also the whole objective is to make the site 'visitable' by a wide range of people without interfering with the nature and architecture of the monument. Thirdly, we also ensure that there is no damage to the monument while implementing the suggestions for improving accessibility. Ramps and other features supplementing the accessibility are temporary structures and not grouted,\" she added.When it becomes essential, the team suggests minimum grouting required for the safety and proper securing of the equipment/lift wherever needed. \"However, it is difficult to generalize the access solutions at all heritage sites since each differ in its characteristics, topography, architecture, usage and climatic conditions. If the area is too big, we suggest mobility solutions such as wheelchairs, carts that are run on battery and are non-polluting,\" she said.An official from ASI's headquarters in Delhi said, \"Barrier-free features in monuments across the country is a continuous process. Toilets at major monuments across the country will be made barrier-free with easy wheelchair maneuvering. The barrier-free initiative will also be applied to monuments in Maharashtra.\"Inclusive heritage sites world overEdinburgh Castle in Scotland has a stair lift alongside a temporary ramp that is in use in the castle's Great HallFyvie Castle, Aberdeenshire , Scotland has a permanent rampThe Caves of Jerusalem have been made accessible by installing platform liftsKing Ludwig's fairytale castle, Neuschwanstein, in Germany, has an elevator for people with disabilities to access all the towers and different levels of the castle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128190", "title": "Display of PAN card numbers on reservation charts opposed", "text": "PATNA: The railways has taken strong exception to the complaints lodged by several passengers that display of PAN card numbers on the reservation charts could be misused by the vested interests for other reasons. The railways is seriously mulling not to display PAN card numbers on the charts in the interest of passengers.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has made identity proof compulsory while purchasing tickets in AC class under 'tatkal' scheme or travelling in AC class.The railways puts on display identity proof of each passenger on the reservation chart. Accordingly, PAN card numbers are put on display on the charts if tickets are booked on the basis of PAN card as identity proof of passengers, he said.A Board official, however, said that the railways has given several options to passengers to give their identity proof which would be verified and checked by TTEs on duty on running trains. The railways has taken this step to curb the activities of touts or avoid misuse of journey tickets, he said.According to sources, the railways received several complaints recently from passengers apprehending their PAN card numbers could be used by vested interests for 'benami' transactions after implementation of the Finance Act 2012.According to a businessman, Sanjay Kumar, open display of PAN card numbers on the charts could land any passenger in trouble if his PAN card number is used for wrong purpose. Thus, it would be in the larger interest of the railways and passengers to avoid use of PAN card numbers.Besides, they must not be put on display on the reservation charts. The TTEs on duty could quietly verify and check identity proof of passengers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134472", "title": "Telly stars raise awareness on Thalassemia!", "text": "To celebrate International Thalassemia Day, 'We Care Trust' invited celebrities from the world of television to raise awareness amongst people about Thalassemia, a genetically acquired disorder in children.In an effort to raise awareness on Thalassemia, TV actors Dilip Joshi, Shyamlal Pathak, Vishal Malhotra and Vijay Bhatia were present along with singer Rajeshwari. The event began with a special screening of 'Stanely Ka Dabba ' for Thalassemia afflicted children at Fun Cinemas yesterday. Post the film, Dilip Joshi aka Jethalal and Shyamlal Pathak aka Popatlal from 'Tarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashma' had the kids in splits with their comic performances.Vishal Malhotra entertained the kids with stories and anecdotes and Rajeshwari sang her popular song 'Maine dekhe hai hazaron rang duniya ke'. The kids had a blast as they joined Rajeshwari on stage and danced to some of her popular tunes. On a parting note, Dilip Joshi said that laughter was the only cure to all life's problems and that he would try to raise awareness about Thalassemia through 'Tarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashma'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127912", "title": "Examinees spill over Lucknow roads, make weekend chaotic", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite it being a weekend, commuters in Lucknow had a tough time moving around in the city for a better part of the day on Sunday, as thousands of candidates appearing for the Group D Examination of North Central Railway and the All India Pre Medical Test ( AIPMT) (mains) swarmed the city roads since morning. The chaos continued till late on Sunday evening.Though the district administration had made elaborate security arrangements around the 79 centres, the focus of crowd management was confined to Charbagh railway station, where an additional company of Provincial Arms Constabulary was deployed along with the Government Railway Police, Railway Protection Force and their respective reserve contingents as well. The railway department too had deployed more than 2,500 employees and 125 officers to ensure that the exams are held smoothly.The Charbagh railway station and the Kaiserbagh and Alambagh bus terminals remained the worst hit throughout the day as most of the candidates had arrived on trains and buses since Saturday evening itself. The morning chaos ended by 9.30 am which marked the start of the first shift of examination. However, once the second shift of the examination got over at 4:30 pm, the crowd spilled over on the city roads till late in the evening.Passengers at the railway station and bus terminals had a harrowing time while reaching the station. Boarding the reserved compartments remained a bigger challenge as most of the coaches of almost all passenger trains were virtually occupied by the youngsters who were on their way back home after appearing for the examination.\"First it took me more than half an hour to reach my reserved seat and put my luggage there. Then escorting my wife and children to the seats came as a bigger challenge. The worst came when the mob vacated only a single seat for my wife and two children what to talk of my finding a place for myself to sit,\" said Narendra Jha, a native of Ranchi who was on his way home after visiting his relatives in Rajajipuram area of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dona paula", "code": "13128465", "title": "At 60, passionate about speeds over 250 kmph", "text": "DONA PAULA: Onlookers, including traffic police, were amazed to see a bike tearing across Goa's roads at speeds touching 280 kmph. Sitting astride was Dinesh Sharma, approaching the age of 60, who arrived in the state on Friday on his super-bike Honda VFR 1200 from Bangalore. He completed the journey in seven hours.Sharma has also ridden this bike to Delhi from Bangalore in approximately 27 hours, has cycled to Ooty and is celebrating the human spirit. He attributes his disciplined life and his connect with his 'aatma' for accomplishing such feats.\"A friend of mine got in touch with me after 17 years and told me he was in Goa, so I just took a tank bag, got my bike and rode to Goa,\" said Sharma, whose future plans include cycling with two youngsters from Manali to Leh, Ladakh.Incidentally, the bike not only builds on the lofty reputation established by its accomplished predecessors, it raises it to a level that's untouchable by any other bike out there. And riding it is no easy task. The resident of a remote village called Shinghapura in Bangalore north, Sharma is an agriculturalist by profession and is grateful to his wife Punam and son Varun for helping him continue his love story with such bikes and spirituality. After a break of 26 years, in 2005, he bought a super bike.Sharma, who's father was in the army, saved his pocket money when he was in Class VI to buy his first bike. This ageless adventure enthusiast has ridden beasts of bikes including the KTM 950 Adventure, Yamaha Fazer 600, Honda CB1000, MV Agusta Brutale and MV Augsta Senna of which there are only 300. He further states that he will always be indebted to his guru, Somender Singh, who incidentally has been awarded an US patent for his discovery of groove technology.When pointed out that at his age most people are usually complaining about joint pains and general weakness, he quips, \"There is nothing called old age, it's all just in the head and if you are mentally strong, you can be physically fit like none other.\"Sharma wakes up at around 4.30am daily, follows the Buddisht rituals religiously and cycles for about 15-30 km. He points out that the early hours are the best to connect and derive energy.From P 1\"Nowadays by the age of 25, youngsters feel they have achieved but that's only consciously and at 60 they are virtually dead,\" Sharma says.What sets Sharma apart besides his herculean feats, is that he rides his bike the way he lives his life. \"Youngsters love to take off but they falter when it comes to braking at the right time and end up overshooting the corner and cannot take the turn,\" says Sharma.He states many factors in terms of learning to master the bike are important such as being alert and in an anticipatory mode. He points that when he was on the Karwar-Hubli road and travelling at around 160 kmph, he was hungry and due to a momentary loss of concentration hit two consecutive speed breakers which saw his head hit the dashboard and fling his body in the air. Just as he managed to regain control he had to doge a woman carrying firewood. He thanks his reflexes for allowing him to reach Goa in one piece.When asked why he prefers to travel alone, he points out that it not only extremely difficult for the pillion, but at such speeds any unwanted body shift by the pillion could drag both to the ground.Sharma currently trains around 15 youngsters back home and feels that amongst them his friend's daughter, Sandhya K, 20, has lot of potential. Sharma has also decided to start improving his own skills on the track, with slick tyres and plans to continue taking part in races and would love to show youngsters how it's done. Sharma would actively participate in races, right from in 1972. Recently he rode a K 1000 in the Charminar Challenge.\"Life is a great challenge, take it as it comes and it's only when you have a goal in life, you strive to achieve that and you get better and this is a message I want to pass onto youngsters,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128337", "title": "Frame media awards announced", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Veteran journalist KM Roy has been chosen for the lifetime achievement award 2012 instituted by the fraternity for arts and media entertainment (FRAME). The award comprises a cash prize worth Rs 25,001, citation and a statuette designed by sculptor Deepak Mauthatil.The award was announced by Frame director K Suresh Kumar here on Saturday. Actor Mukesh has been declared as the most popular television star for his show 'Deal or No Deal' telecasted on Surya TV. \"Kettathum Kandathum' telecast on Asianet News was chosen as the best news programme. 'Talk 20' a programme of Radio mirchi has been chosen for the award of best radio programme.The winners would receive an award comprising Rs 5,001 cash prize, statuette and a citation. The award distribution ceremony will be held in the second week of June at Senate Hall. The awards were decided by a jury headed by S R Shakthidharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131023", "title": "Karan's tough moment in Bangkok", "text": "Karan Johar is still reeling under the Bangkok spell. No, the director was not there on a vacation but had a schedule of the 'Student of the Year' in the land of the beaches. Apparently the director faced a lot of glitches and hindrances not in the schedule but where the communication was concerned.A source said, \"The shooting progressed smoothly. It was at the hotel where he was put up where had a problem. The staff just could not understand what Karan wanted till he spoke loudly and with a very Thai accent. It was only that they could understand his needs.\" The source added, \"Poor Karan had a tough time dealing with this. It was something that he had not expected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126727", "title": "First time since its formation, Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd to restructure routes", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) has decided to restructure all the 330 bus routes in the city for better management of the public transport service.\"The bus routes were designed a long time ago when there were two different public transport entities - the Pune Municipal Transport and the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Transport. There has been no restructuring of the routes since the formation of the PMPML. Hence, the move ,\" said Prashant Jagtap, director, PMPML, while speaking to TOI.Jagtap said the intention behind the re-organisation is to increase the frequency of buses to different parts of the city and to reduce unnecessary trips. \"More than 10 years have passed since the last re-organisation. Many routes or trips were introduced just because coprorators insisted. This had led to dis-organisation in many routes, which will now be reduced,\" he said.Jagtap said the restructuring exercise is also aimed at providing connecting buses to other parts of the city, not necessarily to major bus depots. The existing route plan lacks good connectivity from one destination to another. \"We have planned that trips of buses going on shorter routes will be connected to buses going on longer routes. This will help commuters get connecting buses,\" he said.Asked when the process of re-organisation will start and how the commuters will be informed about the changes, Jagtap said awareness about the changes will be spread onboard the buses as well as through other means. \"The bus drivers and conductors will be informed about the new routes and they will communicate the changes to commuters. Pamphlets will be distributed and posters will be put up on bus stands,\" he said.\"The Central Institute of Road Transport is working with PMPML on this exercise. The route rationalisation plan was approved in a meeting recently. The actual work of restructuring will start soon. The implementation and awareness about the new routes will start in a month's time,\" he added.Civic activists in the city have welcomed the route rationalisation plan, but said that it should be done cautiously. If the changes are done in a hurry, people will not be able to understand them. A lot of people have a set routine, which may be disturbed if changes are not done properly,\" said Vivek Velankar, founder of NGO Sajag Nagrik Manch.Juagal Rathi, founder of the PMPML Pravasi Manch, said a proper study is required before changing the routes. \"A number of organisations are studying route rationalization. The PMPML should study and compare the reports of these organisations before taking a final call on the changes,\" he said. \"The PMPML should spell out the terms of reference and objectives to all organisations involved in the exercise.\"A five-city survey, conducted by a city-based organisation working for sustainable transport, has revealed that the public transport service in the city fell woefully short of citizens' expectations in comparison to bus services in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore. The study was based on parameters such as quality of service, operational efficiency and finances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13128000", "title": "Chief secretary sets November deadline for Kumbh Mela works", "text": "LUCKNOW: To ensure the state's preparedness ahead of the Kumbh Mela scheduled in January 2013, chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Sunday instructed officials to prepare a detailed time-table for pending works within the next five days. Usmani also said that all work related to the Kumbh Mela must meet established standards of quality and be completed by November this year. He also said progress of preparatory work for the Kumbh Mela will now be reviewed once every fortnight.Usmani said details -- name, designation, phone numbers and e-mail addresses -- of all designated nodal officials should be made available with the urban development department. He also instructed officials to submit review reports only after making physical assessments of development works.So far, the state has disbursed Rs 172.33 crore towards preparatory work for the Kumbh Mela. In addition, departments where budgetary allocation for Kumbh Mela work is still pending have also been instructed to submit their requirements to the state government as soon as possible.To ensure good facilities to tourists visiting the Kumbh Mela, Usmani has ordered that ample buses and train services be made available. In addition to the main stations along the Allahabad Kumbh Mela route, he said basic facilities like drinking water supply, food, health services, sanitation and electricity be made available at smaller stations. The chief secretary also said that temporary night shelters and toilet facilities should be made available. He added that telecom companies, especially government-run BSNL, should set up additional mobile towers in the Kumbh Mela region to ensure adequate network support to phone users during the Mela days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13127279", "title": "Impasse over housing projects to end by May: Rama Raman", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even as Noida Extension buyers took to protests in Delhi on Sunday, Greater Noida Authority chairman and CEO, Rama Raman, assured that things are on the right and fast track to end the deadlock.\"The meeting on Greater Noida Master Plan is scheduled on May 22 by the statutory planning committee, while on Monday hearing will be conducted on the review petition of Greater Noida Authority in the Allahabad high court,\" Raman said. \"We have submitted the related papers with the statutory planning committee and are going to file a detailed report before the court,\" he added.Unlike the NCR Planning Board, the planning committee meets frequently. Raman said that, considering the pace of developments in this issue, resumption of housing projects may be allowed by May end.Earlier, NCRPB in Delhi had examined Greater Noida's Master Plan 2021 and sent it to its statutory planning committee for recommendations and consideration. The planning board had sought comments from the UP government on certain points. After getting a reply from the government, planning committee will examine it and issue a 'No Objection' note.The vice president of NCR Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) and CMD of Supertech, RK Arora, said that the clearance is not important for just Noida Extension but for the development of the entire Greater Noida. \"Till the plan is passed, Greater Noida Authority is in no position to carry out development plans,\" Arora said.Some feel that a change of guard at Lucknow seems to be working in favour of homebuyers. UP minister, Abhishek Mishra, a close aide of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has made it clear that the interests of thousands of homebuyers would be protected.The approval of the NCRPB mainly pertains to change in land use of around 2,500 hectares of land in Greater Noida that the Authority claims was approved by the state government. In 2007, the Authority had created 'Noida Extension' by diverting 2,500 hectares of the total 3,000 hectares of industrial land in the area for residential use. This sparked off the controversy that resulted in 40-odd villages approaching the HC for better compensation or return of their land. The Allahabad HC then ordered for mandatory approval from the NCRPB for the housing projects to continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128433", "title": "Ousted from Lucknow, Maya takes lead on dalit issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati has taken the lead on dalit issues since shifting from Lucknow last month, hogging national television as a sort of pan-political community voice and sending a ripple of concern in Congress which sees her as a threat to its SC base.The just-dislodged UP CM on Sunday targeted Congress during Parliament's special session for promotion quota, not hesitating to spoil the bipartisan mood. On Friday, she had put Congress on the mat over Ambedkar's cartoon.The attack on Congress over promotion quota was an extension of what she did earlier this month when the issue of the Supreme Court order quashing the quota was discussed. The government was then forced to concede that the judgment would be undone, but not before it had been painted as \"anti-dalit\".With the eruption of 'dalit issues', Congress leaders are concerned that Mayawati's emergence as a dominant dalit voice was worrisome. Forced by the assembly defeat to shift from Lucknow, Mayawati is looking to make the most of the opportunity by restoring her dalit agenda which had dimmed under her 'sarvjan' experiment after 2007.Her success has stunned Congress which was snug in the belief that her whitewash by Samajwadi Party would loosen her grip over her core base and give it an opening. The BSP chief instead is planting herself as the principal dalit voice nationally.A Congress MP said the party's laidback style had to change if BSP was to be contained. He explained, \"The promotion quota row should have put Mayawati under the scanner for passing a weak order as CM of UP which was scrapped by the apex court. But look at the paradox, Congress is under pressure and Mayawati is accusing it of being anti-dalit.\" He warned that delay in constitutional amendment to undo promotion order would consolidate her position.If her comments in Lucknow were lost within the state boundaries, her screaming face on national television threatens to reconnect her to voters across states. It could have implications for Congress facing the accusations of being anti-dalit.Though a minnow outside UP, BSP's presence can impact the final outcome in several states. In Punjab, BSP's decision to contest all seats benefited Akali Dal that managed to win a majority of reserved seats, traditionally Congress's stronghold. The Himachal Pradesh polls could test Congress. Its renewed appeal among dalits could repair the losses it suffered in many states, like Uttarakhand recently and Maharashtra earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130544", "title": "Our son is God\u2019s most beautiful gift to us: Lucky Ali's wife", "text": "Aiesha Ali, born Kate Elizabeth Hallam, a former Miss England title holder, is now happily married and settled in Bangalore with her husband Maqsood Mehmood Ali aka Lucky Ali .As Kate fondly plays with her nine-monthold son Dani, she tells us about her love story, fascination for Indian culture and how life has changed after motherhood.IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT I came to India two years back to shoot for a movie. We were shooting in Bangalore when I met Maqsood who was also part of the movie. We got introduced and instantly fell in love. I didn't know that Maqsood was a famous guy in India. It was much later that I got to know about his father and family. Within a span of five weeks Maqsood proposed marriage to me. I called up my parents in England that broke the news that I was getting married.CONVERSION TO ISLAM WAS ENTIRELY MY DECISION It was entirely my call to convert to Islam. I'm happy to get a new name - Aiesha Ali. Maqsood is a very spiritual person and he's even taught me how to offer namaaz. I get to learn something new each day in India even after two years. Also, I'm enjoying the Indian spicy food and love wearing Indian clothes.GOT OFFERS FROM THE INDIAN FASHION AND FILM INDUSTRY POST MARRIAGE I have been in the glitz and glam world ever since the age of 15. I started out as a model and then went into acting. Post marriage, I started getting a lot of offers from the Indian fashion industry and Bollywood. But I was expecting Dani and couldn't do any work then. But now that Dani has grown up, I've decided to work again. In fact, only recently I got an offer to do a Bollywood film. They wanted a foreign girl to star with Shah Rukh Khan . The producer is keen to rope me in and I need to join some coaching class to get trained in Hindi.LUCKY'S AN AMAZING DAD I share a great bond with Lucky's ex-wives and have interacted with them all. We keep visiting each other whenever we get time. Maqsood is an amazing dad, not only to Dani but also to all his children - Tawwuuz, Tasmia, Sarah, and Raiyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13128374", "title": "150 held for entering mutt", "text": "MADURAI: A hundred and fifty members of the Madurai adheenam mutt retrieval committee were arrested on Sunday evening for attempting to enter the mutt.Nithyananda's followers locked the two entrances and refused to allow others inside.Those who went in were allowed only through the back entrance from the side of the Meenakshi temple. Over 150 policemen were deployed on duty around the mutt.Later in the evening, members of the mutt retrieval committee marched to the mutt in a move to offer worship to the idol of Thirugnanasambandar, the founder of the mutt. But 150 of them were arrested and kept in the Sethupathy Higher Secondary School premises.According to sources, two Saivites who were regular worshippers at the mutt, came to break coconuts and light camphor at the idol of Thirugnansambandar. But when they found the gates locked, they performed the rituals outside the gates. Immediately, a pair of slippers was hurled from inside the mutt at them and the policemen on duty warned the Nithyananda followers.Speaking to TOI, Arjun Sampath, president of the Hindu Makkal Katchi said that they would submit petitions on their resolutions to the HR and CE officials and the Madurai district collector on Monday. \"The guru pooja day of Thirugnanasambandar falls on June 5 and we have decided to lay siege to the temple on that day. We will not relent till the mutt is removed from the clutches of Nithyananda and his men,\" he said.Meanwhile, the present pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam reiterated his statement that he was not in the clutches of Nithyananda and said that he would complain to the chief minister about those who were making derogatory statements against him. Notices were issued in newspapers that the senior and junior pontiffs of Madurai Adheenam would bless the people of Madurai together on May 13 and May 14 from 7 am to 7 pm. But the Sunday blessing did not go as per schedule due the tension and all those who participated in the pooja were said to be supporters of Nithyananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130292", "title": "Ash\u2019s red carpet worries", "text": "Ten years ago, in 2002, Aishwarya Rai graced the Cannes red carpet for the first time. And every year, she tried to put her best foot forward. But the fashion police had not relented.Starting with her canary yellow saree and heavy gold jewellery, every single piece of designer garb that Ash has donned on the red carpet till date has been under a lot of scrutiny. And this year, the new mommy is sure to be at the centre of the fashion scanner.While Ash's personal styling (many expect the actress, who had been taking her time losing the post partum weight, to wear a saree) will undoubtedly be subjected to a lot of media glare, the actress will also have to vie with a lot of competition at the ceremony.Firstly, there will be Sonam Kapoor . The actress, who was chosen as one of the celebrity faces for a beauty care brand in 2009, had to cancel her debut trip to France due to Aishwarya's protestations. Sonam, who is already a name to reckon with in the fashion circuit, will be there to give the Cannes veteran stiff competition.Secondly, there will be Mallika Sherawat. She made her Cannes debut in 2005, thanks to Jackie Chan starrer The Myth. Though her rather daring red carpet ensemble last year got the fashion critiques on a roll, this year the actress may turn over a new leaf.Interestingly, we learnt from a person present on the sets of Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli, the Mallika Sherawat - Vivek Oberoi starrer, that if things go as planned, director Sanjay Khanduri, producer Amit Chandrra and lead actor Vivek may join Mallika at Cannes. Needless to say, this may add to Ash's discomfort.However, Ash may still manage to win hearts by tugging along her little one to the red carpet. According to sources in the industry, the actress, who had taken her husband Abhishek Bachchan to Cannes the year she tied the knot in 2007, and the entire Bachchan parivaar (including good friend Amar Singh ) in 2008, may have to take Beti B Aaradhya along. And if that happens, it's not just the fashion police the actress will have to fend off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13128873", "title": "Karnataka BJP leaders turn blind eye to drought victims", "text": "BANGALORE: Power struggle, politicking and blame game are keeping state BJP leaders busy. And there is no one to pay attention to the problems faced by drought-hit people in the districts.The chief minister, his colleagues and party legislators should have been helping out people of 123 drought-affected taluks. Instead, they have camped in New Delhi and Bangalore and are happily-engaged in mudslinging and power-grabbing.Shortage of foodgrains, power cuts, poor infrastructure and lack of drinking water and fodder for cattle are only some of the problems. The state has suffered a loss of Rs 5,964-crore due to crop failure and immediately needs 3 lakh tonnes of foodgrain.The rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR), agriculture, energy, horticulture and water resources departments are supposed to implement drought-relief measures. But ministers in charge of the departments have submitted their resignations to their leader BS Yeddyurappa, while the RDPR minister, who is eyeing the CM's gaddi, is busy holding meetings with both rebel groups in the BJP. The CM and the energy minister are in New Delhi to meet their party bosses and argue their case.As for legislators, instead of monitoring relief work in their constituencies, they are flocking to houses of their leaders to show their loyalty.Ironically, just four days ago, Rajya Sabha members of the BJP had raised the severity of drought in Parliament and staged a walkout terming the Congress-led UPA government as 'insensitive and heartless'. An expert team from the Centre is likely to visit Karnataka on Monday to assess the drought damage. If the members are not apprised properly, the state may lose out on the quantum of relief.\"The government says it is supplying water through tankers. But we haven't received it at all. We hardly get power in our village,'' rued T P Puttaraju, resident of Thimmalapura in worst-hit Madhugiri taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127652", "title": "Delhiites have a date with Italian jazz quintet", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's a piece of good news for anybody with an ear for jazz. To celebrate 10 years of the Italian Culture Centre (ICC) in New Delhi, renowned Italian jazz performers, Paolo Fresu Quintet, will perform here on Monday evening.Their performance - Siri Fort Auditorium, 7pm - is a rare opportunity for jazz enthusiasts in the city to see them live, because though the award winning group has performed extensively worldwide, and recorded for international radio and television stations, this is their first visit to the country.Complimentary passes for the show are available at the Italian Culture Centre in Chanakyapuri.\"It wasn't easy to bring them to perform here because of their packed schedule, but we're very happy we managed as the public for jazz here is big now.\"Jazz is a universal language, and even those who are unfamiliar with the genre will love the performance,\" says Angela Terezza, director, ICC, who is organizing the event with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, in collaboration with the Embassy of Italy.The performance also marks the World Jazz Day - the Italian National Commission for UNESCO decided to dedicate a day to jazz, and though it is originally on April 13, they extended the patronage to the concert as well.\"We couldn't organize this in April, so we decided to have it coincide with our tenth anniversary celebrations. Fresu is a master of the trumpet, and the show will be very special. We especially hope to reach a younger audience,\" says Terezza.The concert, however, is just the beginning as she says they will celebrate the best of Italian art, music, literature, science, and food until the year end to highlight the versatility of the centre.The centre was launched with an exhibition showcasing 50 years of Italian fashion, with products by designers who had created clothes and accessories for celebrities from the royal household to Hollywood, and has continued to host over 50 cultural events each year.It was also the first to organize a full-fledged opera, Barber of Seville, in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127711", "title": "Bill on sexual offences regressive: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's proposal for raising the age of consent for sex from 16 to 18 years would be \"regressive\" and \"draconian\" as it would remain a penal offence, a Delhi court has said.The court opined that keeping in view the change in social attitude and sensibilities, exceptions should be made while deciding the age of consent for sex as in rural parts of the country marriages are solemnized at an early age. ASJ Kamini Lau made the remarks, while referring to the conditions in western countries where there are adequate safeguards for protection against sexual offences.\"No doubt, there is an urgent need to protect children from sexual offences, harassment and pornography but at the same time it is necessary to ensure a close-in-age reprieve and a lenient view in case of close-in-relationship as adopted by various western countries where there is no exploitative coercive situation including impersonation, fraud, fear, threat and false promises. \"In the absence of such a safeguard the proposed increase in the age of consent would become regressive and draconian as it tends to criminalize teenage/adolescent sex,\" the judge said.The court's observations came while acquitting a youth of the charges of kidnapping and raping a 17-and-a-half-year-old girl, to whom he got married and is now having a child with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127806", "title": "60 years of Parliament: Team Anna comes under attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Looking back at a year marked by the hugely popular Anna hazare movement that brought Parliament's efficiency and integrity to question, parliamentarians chose to repose their faith in the democratic system while attacking civil society leaders.In her speech, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi said, \"An anniversary is also a moment for reflection, to consider our role and place in the rich fabric of our nation's life and history. The integrity and independence of Parliament must be preserved and protected at all cost, with no room for compromise.''Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said it was a sad commentary on affairs when people expressed lack of confidence in Parliament. She said the alternative to democracy was dictatorship, an option that India had rejected.Quoting an excerpt she had read recently, Swaraj said, \"What is the remedy to ills of democracy? The answer is 'more democracy'.'' Underlining the strength of the parliamentary system, Swaraj said despite obstacles, India as a parliamentary democracy had in the last 60 years succeeding in resolving these obstacles and was moving ahead.The Hazare movement came for a more direct attack from RJD leader Lalu Prasad who said any design to target the Constitution and Parliament should be thwarted. \"In the name of Lokpal, a move is on to destroy the country and Parliament, which is the law making body. They are using the language of gheraoing MPs... they are calling us thieves and dacoits,\" he said.Despite Parliament being the law making body, they \"want to place someone else on our head\", he said, adding that there was a deep-rooted conspiracy to devalue and defame Parliament. Without taking Hazare's name, he said members should resolve not to allow any damage to Parliament, which was the biggest democratic institution in the world.In a veiled reference to the issue, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"Once our norms of accountability improve, cynicism with regard to Parliament and parliamentary functions will have to be brought to an end. Cynicism leads to anger, anger can lead to crowd on roads. But it is Parliament, which is accountable. Mobs are never accountable. Therefore, there is no substitute for parliamentary institutions and popular faith as far as its functioning is concerned,\" he said.Congress MP Shashi Tahroor said \"self-styled'' civil society members had questioned Parliament's role and it was the responsibility of MPs to prove that they as elected representatives were worthy of the trust reposed in them by the public.Echoing similar concerns, Asaduddin Owaisi (MIM) said fringe elements could not be allowed to override the supremacy of Parliament. Taking a dig at civil society leaders, Independent MP in Rajya Sabha, Mohammed Adeeb said, \"Some people got together to challenge Parliament.'' He lamented that \"we have forgotten our elders and those who gave us freedom\" and said the voice of members of smaller parties was not heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128459", "title": "Presidency may have two-tier admission test", "text": "KOLKATA: Bagging a seat in one of the 17 undergraduate departments of Presidency University may not be an easy task for aspiring candidates. Brace up for more competition if you are aspiring for admissions in the prestigious Presidency University. To bag a coveted seat in the 17 undergraduate departments of the illustrious institution, will not be easy.To make the admission fair and merit-based, the premier institution may introduce a new system which includes the possibility of a two-tier entrance test. The first will examine a student's aptitude and intelligence quotient. Only if they achieve a desired cutoff mark, the second paper their second paper which will test the students on their his/her knowledge of the subject will be evaluated.\"The final call will be taken in the admission committee meeting which is scheduled to be held next week,\" said a senior university official. \"It will save on the time and energy of teachers who have to correct enormous number of answer scripts after each admission test. The aptitude test will give the teachers a relative idea regarding a student's hold on the subject. It is easy to mug up and score good marks in the entrance exams when the question papers are mostly based on the syllabus of plus two. But, if we thrive for excellence and have decided not to compromise on the quality of students, then it is important to develop a more stringent entrance examination that not only judges a student's knowledge of the subject, but also their ability and concept,\" he added.Another senior official said, \"Such an aptitude test may not be introduced in all UG subjects but only in a few which are in high demand like English, history, geography, economics, zoology, geology, botany, physics, to name a few.\"Every year, Presidency University emerges as a top draw for students not only in the state but also from outside. \"Till last year, admissions were granted to almost 528 seats across the 17 UG departments. The number of applicants taking admission tests who takes the admission tests in various subjects is about 10,000. Subjects like English receive roughly 2,500 applications while zoology, chemistry and physics received 2,000 applications last year. In geology there were 926 applicants,\" added a source in the university.If the proposal to introduce the two-tier admission test comes up, it will have to be ratified by the 17-member university admission committee who will give the final nod.Incidentally, Jadavpur University holds a two-tier entrance test in English. \"The examination is held on the same day. Only if the candidate receives the requisite cutoff, the subject paper is evaluated. The cutoff varies every year depending on the number of applicants. It eliminates those students who do not have the merit to take up honours in English which requires some knowledge on the subject and basic intellect. It was with this idea, the two tier test was introduced,\" said a senior JU official.As proposed earlier, Presidency may not offer inter-disciplinary subjects from this session. \"The infrastructure is not yet ready to allow such intermingling,\" informed a member of the admission committee.The university authorities will also propose to increase seats in the post-graduation departments. \"There are not adequate seats in PG to accommodate all students who score very high marks in the undergraduate examinations. As per a decision of the council, 50% of the existing seats are reserved for Presidency students while the rest are open for admissions to the students from other universities. We have decided that we will propose to increase seats in a few PG departments,\" said sources in the university.The university council will make the first few appointments on Monday. \"We hope to complete the appointments by September or October this year,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129078", "title": "All for a soul symphony", "text": "Four students from India have been chosen as part of a Canadian scholarship for music. Aaditi Isaac catches up with one of themComing from a family of farmers and toddy-tappers in Goa, Ashley Rego was the first in the family who dared to pick up the violin at the age of seven. Little did he know that 20 years later his passion for playing the violin would fetch him a scholarship and take him to Canada to be a part of the National Youth Orchestra of Canada (NYOC).On the selection process, Rego says, \"I had to compile excerpts of my symphonic works on a CD. Later I had to audition. Vijay Upadyaya, conductor of Indian National Youth Orchestra (INYO), held auditions across India. This was followed by an interview with Sonia Khan, co-ordinating director of the INYO.\"As part of the scholarship, four musicians (two violinists , a violist and a cellist) chosen from INYO will be training and performing at University of Western Ontario, Canada. \"I have been chosen to play the first violin. We will train individually in chamber music and orchestral music,\" says Rego.The scholarship covers the cost of return air travel from Delhi to Toronto , airport transfers in Toronto, all meals and accommodations while in Canada and all costs associated with the training itself. They will be given private lessons, master classes, workshops, sectionals and orchestral rehearsals, in addition to a two-week long chamber music programme and a performance tour which will take place in various cities in Canada and the US.Rego completed his Licentiate of the Trinity College London in violin recital (LTCL) exam in 2004. He credits his training at the INYO for not just his selection for the scholarship but also for giving him a solid base in understanding the nuances of playing the violin. \"The INYO conducts workshops every year with visiting faculty from abroad. It also has teachers for specific areas , which gives us the opportunity to sort out issues such as techniques from the experts , as well as gives us a chance to perform,\" he adds.Talking about his future plans, Rego says that once he returns to India, he would like to impart what he has learnt. \"I am a teacher by profession so I will teach what I learn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13126884", "title": "Unwelcome praise? BSY hails Sonia, blasts BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: This is a compliment that Sonia Gandhi could have done without. Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Sunday launched into praise for the Congress chief to put the BJP leadership on notice.Yeddyurappa said that unlike BJP leaders who leave their colleagues to stew in their own juices when they are in trouble, the Congress chief stands by her comrades when they are in crisis. Speaking at a function organized by fellow Lingayats, the increasingly rebellious BJP strongman said, \"I have to praise Sonia Gandhi. When she came to Tumkur, Congress leaders were seen united and supportive.\"Not stopping at this, he took a dig at his own party stating that in BJP, people will be waiting for a person to face some problem. \"In our party, our leaders will be happy only after some kind of punishment is handed out, and that is the difference with Sonia Gandhi. In the BJP, people will be waiting for a person to face some problem and then put him down, and grab his position.\"The compliment must have left Congress squirming as the party has cited alleged corruption on Yeddyurappa's watch to mock BJP's support for the anti-graft campaign. It also underscored the growing anger of the Lingayat chieftain who helped BJP form its first government in the south, but who has increasingly been resentful of factional rivals in Karnataka and their backers in central leadership who, according to him, have tried to cash in on his legal troubles.The public expression of disappointment also reflects a clear hardening of Yeddyurappa's stand for a leadership change in the state, which can complicate the BJP's task to repair its house in Karnataka ahead of the coming electoral challenges.The former chief minister, whose legal troubles were considerably compounded last week when the Supreme Court ordered a CBI inquiry into whether he allowed companies mining concessions in exchange for monetary favours for his relatives, has been pressing for an early meeting of the Karnataka legislature party to flaunt his support among MLAs and to show that chief minister Sadananda Gowda does not have the majority with him.Eight ministers belonging to the Yeddyurappa faction have resolved to quit as part of the pressure that the former CM plans to pile on the leadership to replace Gowda who was in New Delhi on Sunday to hold urgent consultations with the leadership.While Yeddyurappa seems to appreciate that he cannot hope to return as chief minister until he is cleared of charges of corruption, he is unrelenting in his demand for an immediate change of chief minister, creating problems for the central leadership.Ironically, the chief minister owes his position to Yeddyurappa. Forced to step down after the Lokayukta called for his prosecution, Yeddyurappa used his strong base among MLAs to ensure Gowda's elevation, reckoning that a \"weak CM\" would not pose a threat to his pre-eminence.Gowda does not appear to have lived up to his \"safe\" billing, disappointing Yeddyurappa and his supporters who are now intensely suspicious of his intent. If this spells challenge for the leadership which is keen to put its Karnataka house in order, the CM, perhaps unhappy with the demands of his predecessor, has not been helpful.Sources in the leadership suspect that the chief minister's camp recently leaked an old letter where Gowda had complained against the domineering ways of five ministers from the Yeddyurappa faction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13127257", "title": "Farmers join chorus to pass Greater Noida Master Plan", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Noida Extension imbroglio has even put farmers in the region on an edge. Now, even they have started demanding that the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 be passed soon so villagers can get their developed plots in lieu of acquired land. The Greater Noida Authority has made it clear that no developed plots will be allotted to the farmers till the NCR Planning Board passes the Master Plan.Sources in Greater Noida Authority have confirmed that distribution of developed plots to farmers has been put on hold. Some in Patwari village were threatening to move court over the issue, but in a recent meeting held with the Authority, officials convinced them to hold their step.\"The Authority does not want to make any allotments till the plan is passed. If the Authority allots developed plots to farmers in a sector that is being probed by the planning board, then the allotment would not get clearance,\" said a senior official of Greater Noida Authority on condition of anonymity.\"We are in favour of the Greater Noida Master Plan getting passed soon. It will not only help the homebuyers but also solve the land acquisition row in the region,\" said Ravinder Singh, a farmer leader. He added that the demand for hiked compensation and regularization of abadi land is a separate issue to be taken up with the Authority. \"We have even filed an application with Union UD ministry to pass the Master Plan soon to settle the things in Greater Noida,\" Singh said.\"If required, we will move the planning board to pass the Master Plan,\" said Kisan Sangharsh Samiti spokesperson, Manvir Bhati. Gautam Budh Nagar MP Surender Singh Naagar has also accelerated the efforts to get the Master Plan passed. He will soon be meeting Union UD minister Kamal Nath to discuss this matter. \"We have fixed an appointment with Kamal Nath and I will be meeting him with a delegation of homebuyers. In the meeting, all issues related to the plan will be discussed,We will also request the minister to safeguard the interest of all sections, including farmers and homebuyers,\" said Naagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13127408", "title": "Noida hospitals to record footprints of newborns to check baby switching", "text": "NOIDA: Amid increasing allegations of babies being switched at birth, Noida's health department has made it compulsory for hospitals, both government and private, to record every child's footprint immediately after birth.Doctors said more than 90% of human footprints were unique and taking the impression of a baby's foot could be an easy identification mark.The impression, which will be signed by the doctor on duty, would be part of the new-born's medical record.\"Recording a baby's footprint is the fastest and most effective way of making sure that such incidents don't occur,\" explained a health department official.Officials said in most cases where allegations of baby-switching are made, hospital's non-medical staff spread falsehoods about the new-born's sex in the hope of getting money from the families. Recording the baby's footprint could help in putting the record straight.\"It is unfortunate but most allegations of switching come from parents of a girl child. Such disputes are solved quickly when we have the recorded footprints as evidence,\" said a doctor in the health department. Social activists welcomed the move. \"The problem is quite common in rural areas of Noida where parents often claim that their male child was switched. This will make sure that there's no confusion regarding the gender of the child and the matter doesn't escalate,\" said Mala Bhandari, an activist working in Noida.In the latest such incident was reported from the Ambedkar multispecialty hospital, where a family alleged on Thursday that its new-born boy had been 'replaced' with a girl-child. The city police had to intervene and convince the parents to take their child home but only after a DNA test was conducted. \"Such incidents can be avoided completely. In cases where there has been a problem on the part of the hospital, the matter can be dealt with swiftly,\" said the doctor.The health department said even though the practice of recording a child's footprint was already being widely followed in Noida hospitals, it needed to be done for all births. \"The footprint measure will go a long way in eliminating confusion, particularly in large hospitals where many deliveries take place in a day. But if the problem escalates, the parents can ask for a DNA test,\" said Dr R K Garg, CMO Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127671", "title": "Ex-MLA's son climbs tower in a bid to kill self", "text": "JAIPUR: Former MLA Milkhraj Kumar's son Rajesh Kumar climbed a 30-feet tall mobile tower in Vaishali Nagar area on Sunday in an attempt to commit suicide.Kumar claimed that as an ex-MLA's son, he keeps getting complaints against mobile towers that emit harmful radiations. Since he could not do anything to stop such towers from being built, Kumar decided to climb one such tower and commit suicide.According to police officers, 50-year-old Kumar climbed the tower in an inebriated condition around 6.30 pm and threatened to jump off it. This created panic in the area. \"The entire drama continued for an hour, following which he was persuaded by the local police and residents to come down. No case has been registered against him,\" an officer said.An eyewitness said, \"After climbing to the top of the tower, he was scared. The police officers talked to him over phone and counselled him. Finally, he came down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126540", "title": "Asha Bhosle rues decline in quality of music", "text": "PUNE: Singer Asha Bhosle took a dig at reality shows by saying that most songs sung by performers at these shows were originally sung by artistes like her who have had a sound background of classical music.\"If you give these reality performers a new song, I do not think they will be able to perform like us,\" Bhosle said. The evergreen singer was speaking on the sidelines of a function organized to inaugurate new medical facilities at the Mai Mangeshkar Hospital at Warje on Sunday. Hridaynath Mangeshkar was also present.\"Musicians we came across were highly qualified in their field. They had deep knowledge of classical music and various ragas. Their skills gave life to several Hindi songs that we cannot forget even today. The next generation preferred to draw beats from Punjabi and western music and it changed the entire music scene for worse. Technology in the old days was at its primary level, but high quality of music made the songs immortal. In the last few years, high pitched songs are recorded and labelled as Sufi or some clan or folk songs. I do not find it very amusing.\"Bhosle rued that present day musicians give an excuse that they use beats because the public demands it. \"Most of the films made currently are youth-oriented, which also restrict the themes and variety of emotions. The songs from the pre 80s could be sung at home in front of children. This cannot happen with the songs like Munni or Sheila. You cannot expect a matured person from your family to sing such songs at your home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127362", "title": "Ex-cook hatched plan to rob builder 14 days before murder", "text": "Mumbai: The city police probing the murder of real estate developer Jayant Ajmera's 51-year-old wife Chetna have learnt that the family's former cook, identified as Ashok Maharaj, had planned the robbery two weeks prior to the crime. Maharaj is the prime suspect in the case.Chetna was found dead with her throat slit open in her Ghatkopar (E) home on May 7. Diamond jewellery worth Rs 1.5 crore was missing from the house.On Saturday, a crime branch team reached Maharaj's hometown in Rajasthan and interviewed his parents and wife who is seven months into her pregnancy. According to sources, Maharaj used to stay with his wife in Mumbai. His wife has reportedly told the police that Maharaj took her back to his parents' home in his native place in Rajasthan two weeks before the crime. He then left for Mumbai, saying he had some important work in the city, said sources.\"We believe Maharaj had pre-planned the robbery and that is why he left his wife with his parents in Rajasthan. He left for Mumbai to carry out the crime with his colleagues. Maharaj later told his wife that he had no intension of killing Chetna and that her murder was an accident,\" said an officer.The needle of suspicion pointed at Maharaj as he had an argument with the Ajmeras over his salary and was spotted in the building's vicinity by some neighbours a few days before Chetna's murder.The Ajmeras had sacked Maharaj in February. Investigators said Maharaj has switched off his cellphone. The police have reportedly taken Maharaj's wife's cellphone and are hoping that they will able to track him if he calls her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131645", "title": "Visa power", "text": "\"Panchi, nadiya, pawan ke jhoke....Koi sarhad na inhe roke, Socho tumne aur maine kya paaya insaan hoke....\"Does anybody remember this song from the movie \"Refugee\"? It didn't make too much sense back then, in terms of a global meaning to it. But now that I am supposedly an NRI (Non-resident Indian, as opposed to the many hilariously invented versions of NRI) and that I go through all the painful bouts of paperwork for visa processing, the words of this song make much more sense. Wouldn't it be nice if we too, like elements of nature, could move across borders without being tied down by technicalities? Believe it or not, but by the time you finally reach for your visa interview, after you have gone through the immense amount of paper work, it feels like you are appearing for an exam. And the atmosphere there does not help either. You see ecstatic people jump up and down after their visa gets approved and then you see other people looking lost and completely blown off their feet, because their visa applications were rejected. It is intriguing how the human mind feeds off of the pheromones from other fellow human beings. The excitement in the air, the tension, all of it takes a toll on you and even if the visa is not such a big deal for you, you start getting restless too.At one of these visa interviews, I was wondering if it was always this difficult to travel. I simply can't understand why somebody wanting to visit another country should be stopped from doing so, unless maybe, they have a criminal background. Why has the art of appreciating the world around you been made so challenging? I double up with laughter imagining about the \"cave man\" standing in never-ending lines, waiting to be accepted to cross the border over from Manganese cave to Magnesium cave. Or maybe, he wanted to travel longer distances, all the way from Manganese cave to Volcano crate. And what if, he wanted to move to the coveted \"Land of Opportunities\" - \"The Diamond Valley\"? Would he have had to face stricter rules and more stringent questions at the interview? As amusing as that thought is, evolutionists would vouch for the fact that nothing of that sort existed.Why think back so far? Let us think about Jules Verne and imagine if he had considered these visa hindrances, when the protagonist of his book, Phileas Fogg decides to circumnavigate the world in 80 days. I am not even sure if, the book, set in 1872, even mentions anything about any official paperwork. Because, if you look at the history of visas, until World War I (1914-1918), there wasn't even a need for visas. So, I am guessing Jules Verne could not have imagined how tough it would be to write about travelling around the world today, without dedicating a few chapters to the adventures and misadventures of obtaining entry into a country!One of my relatives recently embarked on a year-long world trip and I was in complete awe of it. Who would not love to travel the world, look at ancient ruins and modern architecture rise neck-to-neck? Who would not want to taste the actual cuisine from the real country of origin, rather than have hybrids, like Indo-Chinese or Americanized Italian food? Who would not want to learn by experience and really envision what the history and geography books said about the world? I would definitely want to do all of this and would want to possess multitudes of stories to pass on to the future generations. But, and the 'big but' here is, would I want to go through the hassles and the tensions of all the paperwork and visa processing? I do know for a fact, that some countries are pretty lenient on their entry rules, and it would be a lot more easier to plan a trip there. For the rest , that have strenuous procedures, it would be a big deterrent to have to go through all that.I am a true dreamer and if I had one power or wish granted to me by my personal genie, it would have to be visa power- the power of flight, the power of freedom, the power of liberty.Although the practical aspects of this wish could make it a little flawed, all I can imagine is how culturally aware each of us could be, thanks, to this power. Of course, there is the other big boulder of expensive travel. But, as they say, \"There are some things money can't buy, for everything else there is Master Card\". I am not sure if adding something to my wish would be too much to ask for. But, my ideal wish then would be to conjugate visa power and Master Card - go get it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128055", "title": "Democracy faith of faceless Indians: Meira Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar credited the toiling faceless masses for the success of Indian democracy, saying they participated in elections despite the hardship of their existence.In her opening remarks in Lok Sabha to mark the 60th anniversary of Parliament, Kumar said, \"Simple and neglected people who work every day for survival also take part in elections with great fervour. The faith of such faceless Indians is the reason for the success of our democracy.\"The gratitude for the poor came amid the celebration of parliamentary democracy which she said had stood the test of time.The Speaker underlined to the thumping of desks that strength of women in the lower House had risen from 21 in the first Lok Sabha to 60 in the present one. \"It's everybody's wish that their number should rise further,\" she said.Kumar said Parliament had adapted itself to changing times and enacted revolutionary legislations for an egalitarian and progressive society. \"It has enacted nearly 3,400 progressive legislations which include those on Hindi marriage, prohibition of bonded labour, prohibition of sati, national minority commission, RTI, protection from domestic violence, right to education.... end of untouchability, MGNREGA,\" she said.Amid celebrations, Kumar paid homage to jawans who lost their lives while protecting Parliament from a terror attack on December 13, 2001.Calling for introspection, the Speaker said democracy and caste system could not go hand in hand and one of the two had to die. \"Democracy is based on equality whereas caste system is rooted in the gulf between the upper and lower strata of society. Out of these two systems, one has to meet its extinction. Today, when we are collectively glorifying democracy with full zeal, we should also root out caste system with all the might at our command,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128734", "title": "S Krishna Iyer passes away", "text": "Kochi: S Krishna Iyer, former president of Kinattinkara Samooha Madom, died after protracted illness on Sunday morning at his residence in Kochi. He was 84. The eminent Tamil Brahmin community worker held the post of president of the Samooha Madom for almost 35 years.Iyer had undergone a bypass surgery two years ago. He was admitted to a private hospital due to poor health but had returned home recently. At 7am, he complained about breathlessness and passed away soon after. Iyer, who hailed from Tirunelveli, was also a member of the Kerala Brahmana Samooha. He held the post of treasurer at the Ernakulam Merchant's Union and was a former trustee of the Kalady Sankara Shanti Nilaya.He is survived by his wife, Rajalakshmi, two sons, Sankar and Vishwanathan and daughter Geetha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128436", "title": "Congress, Nationalist Congress Party to battle it out in Cortalim byelection", "text": "PANAJI: The battle between the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has turned more interesting. Both parties have decided to field candidates for the Cortalim byelection and are likely to announce their candidates on Monday.Speaking to TOI, Congress' Goa desk in charge J S Brar said, \"We are firm on fielding a Congress candidate for the Cortalim byelection. We are also in touch with NCP national leaders to convince them to support our candidate.\"NCP on Saturday had decided to contest the Cortalim bypoll after accusing Congress of not taking it into confidence on the byelection strategy. Speaking to TOI, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhonsle said, \"We are waiting for the high command to clear the name of the candidate. This is expected on Monday. We have sent two names to the high command, including that of former UGDP candidate Ramakant Borker,\" Bhonsle said.Congress is yet to finalize its candidate for the byelection. \"The high command will announce the name of the Congress candidate on Monday,\" Brar said adding that the names of former Cortalim deputy sarpanch Raymond D'Sa and Goa Mahila Congress president Cynthia D'Silva have been sent to the high command as both are voters from the constituency. Sources said Congress is also considering former PWD minister Churchill Alemao as a candidate for the byelection.Congress wants a one-on-one fight in Cortalim, and block members have made it clear they will not support a non-Congress candidate or one not from the constituency. Block members said that if either D'Sa or D'Silva is given the ticket they would not have a problem working for the party.D'Sa appears to be the frontrunner for the ticket. Sources said his candidature awaits AICC president Sonia Gandhi's nod.Filing of nominations for the June 2 poll ends on May 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128221", "title": "Patna University seeks income, expenditure report from colleges and post-graduate departments", "text": "PATNA: With a view to checking misuse of funds and maintaining financial discipline in the university, Patna University (PU) has directed all its colleges and post-graduate departments to submit to it the details of funds received from different sources as well as their expenditure.In a letter addressed to the principals of colleges, heads of departments and directors of institutes, PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav has sought details of income and expenditure of all their research projects. The colleges and university departments have been receiving handsome grants from UGC, DST, ICSSR and state government for undertaking various research projects, but the exact details of the utilization of these grants are generally not submitted to the university. Earlier, PU had directed the colleges and departments to submit statement of income and expenditure of the vocational and self-financing courses during 2011-12.Meanwhile, the heads of some PG departments of PU have urged the authorities to release the annual contingency grants for smooth functioning of the departments. The departments are facing difficulty in meeting their day-to-day expenses owing to fund crunch, said PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131129", "title": "Tapsee to join Ajith, Nayan &amp; Arya", "text": "Tapsee, the glam doll is all set to do another direct Tamil movie after her last outing in Kollywood Vanthaan Vendraan with Jeeva.The beautiful diva will be sharing screen space with Thala Ajith, Nayantara and Arya in this film. Vishnuvardhan will wield the megaphone for this yet-to-be-titled venture that will be produced by AM Ratnam along with Sri Surya Movies. This untitled movie would go on floors soon, as the director is presently busy with the pre-production works.Writer duo SUBA [Suresh, Balakrishnan] are roped in to pen the script that will have music being composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, who has earlier given chartbuster beats for Ajith in Mankatha and Billa 2. Vishnuvardhan is gearing up to release the film for Diwali.Meanwhile, Taapsee's Telugu/Tamil bilingual movie Maranthen Mannithen is getting ready to see the daylight that casts Aadhi in the lead.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128823", "title": "Unions slam RBI for coin disbursal through banks", "text": "NAGPUR: A statement in Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy announced last month has left many feathers ruffled within the organization.The governor announced that the exchange of coins and currency notes will now be done only through commercial banks. Currently, the public depends on the RBI counters for loose change or exchanging currency notes.A sizeable number of employees are deployed for the job. With the new ruling, the unions of all cadres are now apprehensive that it may result in job cuts.The RBI top management, however, at the same time wants the apex bank to stick to core policymaking functions and do away with job requiring public interface.Apart from the clerical cadre, which normally raises its voice against decisions like outsourcing, even officers have joined the bandwagon.\"Even the class 4 staff is opposed to the move ,\" said Bidyut Chakraborty, the general secretary of the Nagpur unit of the All India RBI Employees Association (AIRBEA). \"We will be meeting the management on Tuesday and may go on strike if our demands are not met.\"The unions have been maintaining that the function should remain with RBI because the commercial banks are not keen on taking up currency exchange as it is not a profit making business.Even now the facility is available at these banks but the general public still relies on RBI due to a lukewarm attitude of the commercial banks. \"Even traders from nearby towns prefer to come to RBI to collect the coins or other currency,\" claimed Chakraborty.Mangesh Joshi, the secretary of the All India RBI Officers Association, said all the four recognized unions in the bank have joined hands over the issue. \"Distributions of coins and exchange of notes has been a key function of RBI and it cannot be outsourced to other banks. The issue department which deals with it has a sizeable number of employees,\" he said.BC Bhartia, a trade leader from Confederation of All India Traders Association (CAIT), says that shifting the function to commercial banks would be welcome as, \"under the current system, collection of coins is dominated by a handful of agents\".\"However, the new system should ensure that the coins only go to the end-user,\" said Bhartia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127915", "title": "Pro-quota category staff threaten to boycott dalit MPs, MLAs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raising the pitch against the state government move to quash reservation in promotions, employee of the reserved category organised a state-level convention here on Sunday. Under the aegis of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, the employees gave a call to socially boycott the dalit MPs and MLAs in case they do not take up the matter in Parliament and assembly.Addressing the gathering of employees, Justice Khem Karan said the issue will not get resolved until employees rope in best lawyers and legal experts.Samiti president KB Ram said the objectives of the samiti will be taken to the nook and corner of the state. Samiti convenor AK Verma said the protest will also be held in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the parliamentary constituencies of Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi respectively.Taking a dig at Rahul Gandhi, samiti members said just by eating food in the houses of dalits would not solve the problems.Meanwhile, a delegation of Sarvajan Hitai Sanrakshan Samiti, UP, met the state Bharatiya Janata Party president Laxmikant Bajpayee and other senior party leaders on Sunday and handed over a memorandum to them. The delegation solicited BJP's support to the Samiti, which is spearheading its protest to the attempts being made to change the Supreme Court's judgment in reservation in promotions for SCs and backwards and consequential seniority.President of the samiti Shailendra Dubey, who led the delegation, asked the BJP leaders to clear their stand on this issue and take effective action at their level. The delegation told the BJP leaders that officers, employees, social organisations, teachers, lawyers, students and unemployed youths all over the country would vehemently oppose any move to tamper with the basic structure of the Indian Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128002", "title": "Old stock exchange building on the block?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A quite demonstration outside the old stock exchange reminded a busy Manek Chowk of a persistent danger that the colonial building faces of being pulled down.The trigger happens to be an internal resolution circulated amongst 850 shareholders of the Ahmedabad Stock Exchange (ASE) which has taken on agenda the sale of three of its properties. A spokesperson of the ASE said that the matter will be decided by the shareholders during the upcoming annual general meeting to be held on June 5 this year.A copy of the ASE resolution with TOI claims, \"...resolved that subject to proper approval of regulatory authorities, if required, consent of the members of the company be and hereby accorded to dispose of by auction or sale with authority to board of directors to constitute a committee that will fix the minimum floor price of the old premises admeasuring approx 517 sq mt opposite Mahurat Pol in Manekchowk.\"The resolution is the first item on the ASE agenda. The other two items pertain to ASE selling its Ellisbridge building, opposite Gujarat College, which measures 5,004 sq metres and two shops in the basement of Kamdhenu Complex at Panjrapole\"The 93-year-old building is a symbol of entrepreneurship and Ahmedabad's business history as it was one amongst the first three stock exchanges in India. We are seeking a World Heritage City status today, which requires that we preserve our way of life. Business was and is a way of life for Amdavad and this building is a gleaming symbol of the city's industrial heritage,\" says Ashutosh Bhatt of the Khadia Itihas Samiti.However, chairman of ASE, Hemant Jhala, said, \"We have to show a net worth of Rs 100 crore according to Security and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The collective valuation of all the three properties is close to Rs 100 crore. If SEBI accepts the valuation and considers it a part of ASE's net worth, we will be allowed to operate. We have plans of joining the National Stock Exchange (NSE). I will like to assure everyone that we don't intend to sell our old building.\"Heritage lovers belonging to various pols of the Walled City gathered outside the building with posters appealing to the ASE board of directors to remove the agenda from their internal note.The demonstrators fear that with the pulling down of the building will be lost old records, posters showing glimpses of old methods of share trading like the outcry method, trading ring and jobbers and the stories of the city's brokers playing their part in the market operations, especially on exciting days of budget or Diwali muhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13126967", "title": "Abandoned cab catches fire, one dies", "text": "Mumbai: A 35-year-old taxi driver died of burn injuries after an abandoned taxi at Sahar caught fire on Sunday. The Sahar police suspect that the deceased, Manoj Singh, may have committed suicide.The police have ruled out foul play. The officials said around 5.30am on Sunday Singh walked up to the abandoned taxi, smoking a cigarette, when accidentally, the vehicle caught fire. Passersby called the fire brigade and took Singh to hospital where he died during treatment. The police are now inquiring about the taxi that had reportedly been left on the corner of the road for the past few months.Singh's relatives told the police that he had been worried about his financial condition. Singh had taken loans from friends and even then, had not been able to pay the owner, whose vehicle he drove, for the past two weeks, said the police.His friends had been demanding their money back; moreover, his wife had to be hospitalized a few days ago, adding to his worries, said the police, adding all these could have driven Singh to end his life. The couple has three daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13126481", "title": "India to oppose EU\u2019s climate protocol move", "text": "NEW DELHI: In climate talks beginning on Monday in Bonn, India will oppose the EU's move to start negotiations on the draft of a new climate protocol in 2012 itself. Considering it another shift in the goalpost by the Europeans, the Indian team of negotiators is expected to point out that no consensus was built at Durban last year that the only way forward is a new protocol that renders Kyoto Protocol redundant.The new protocol, as the EU demands, will kickstart the process to have a new global deal within three years that would bind India and other emerging countries to a similar level of legally binding commitment to reduce emissions while ignoring the principles of equity. The Indian government is expected to object to the shifting stance of EU that would set the wheels in motion to end the Kyoto Protocol even before the developed world provides its emission reduction targets under the second phase starting in 2013.At Durban last year, a bargain had been struck to have a second commitment period of Kyoto Protocol with the developed countries officially giving their targets under the deal in 2013. In return, the developing countries led prominently by India had agreed to start discussions on a new global deal under the existing convention that would come into play by 2020.India and other large developing countries had stuck together to demand that the principle of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities be enshrined in the new deal before its final form is concluded.Post-Durban, India had officially stated that it would not agree to a new global regime until the two principles got resolved.But the EU, in a recent informal meeting of ministers of select countries that India too attended, demanded that countries put forth the text for a new protocol on the table in 2012 itself.Indian negotiators pointed out that EU's demand would leave the question of existing commitments by the rich world on finance and technology transfer as well as emission reduction in limbo, forcing the world to dump the idea of equity and move to a new regime that would apportion greater and costly responsibilities on the bigger developing economies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128684", "title": "Roaring numbers: Footfall peaks at Vandalur zoo", "text": "CHENNAI: When Chennaiites want to have some wild fun away from the sun, it has to be at Vandalur zoo, says the footfall at park.On Sunday, the zoological park hosted more than 30,000 people. It is the highest number of visitors to the zoo on a single day (other than Kannum Pongal) since the zoo was shifted to Vandalur in 1979.With the weather turning red hot, the green canopy in the zoo lets the Chennaiites chill out under its shade in the company of exotic and native animals. \"My children enjoy a lot when they watch white tigers and cubs at close quarters. Since we roam around under shade of the trees, it doesn't tire us out,\" said K Appa Rao, a visitor from Chetpet.Vandalur zoo is one of the biggest zoological parks in South Asia with 2,553 species of flora and fauna spread across 1,265 acres. The zoo is also home to 46 endangered animals.But not all of them are equal in the eyes of the beholders. Some carry the stripes of predominance. The white tiger and lion cubs are the star crowd-pullers in the enclosure. Less than a year-old lion cub, Veera, has many a followers. He was christened by chief minister J Jayalalithaa .While other inmates in the zoo got a fleeting glance from the visitors, the lion cub that roamed in the enclosure, sharpening its teeth on bone-shaped toys, garnered all the attention. As the crowd milled around the cage, officials found it difficult to shift the cub to a closed enclosure for rest and diet.Every day, two tigers are left for public viewing on a rotational basis for a few hours while other tigers take rest in its cage within the enclosure. The tigers are open to public viewing only till 2pm. But the timing was relaxed on Sunday. \"Zoo has a wide range of wild species and also have better amenities for visitors,\" said zoo director KSSVP Reddy, who is also the chief conservator of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133607", "title": "Srikanth's HD experience", "text": "Actor Srikanth recently rode a high-end classic HD bike for one of the songs in his forthcoming Paagan with director Aslam.The director says, \"We have used about five superbikes that are manufactured in the US in the song. This is probably the first time in Kollywood that an HD bike has been used for a song alone. The bike is heavy, and while many find it difficult to ride the bike on plain roads, Srikanth rode it on the varappuwith much ease. I'm glad producers Viswas and Purushottam didn't think twice before spending about 40 lakhs for this song alone!\"The number, penned by Niranjan Bharathi, great great grandson of Bharathiyar, has been set to tunes by James Vasanthan. The song was shot in Pollachi, where the film is set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127285", "title": "District hospital cries for emergency medical services", "text": "INDORE: The lives of patients, especially the accident victims, are at a risk as the government district hospital located on western part of the city itself is struggling to survive. The emergency medical services at the hospital are severely hit in the absence of maternity room, labor room, microbiology lab and other necessary medical equipment. Apart from it, the staggering land transfer issue is further delaying re-densification of the hospital, which is putting the proper functioning of the hospital at risk.This is one of the prime reasons why majority of the people turn to private hospital for treatment despite high costs. They believe that though government hospitals are the best ones, lack of basic amenities for the patients and adequate doctors dissuade people to seek medical care here. Sanjay Patidar, a resident on Dhar Road, says, \"Government hospitals have a large number of highly efficient doctors, but they are not provided with the proper facilities. People want treatment at nominal cost but government itself does not want its machinery to work for its own people' benefits so those who can afford costly treatment, approach private hospitals.\" Nearly eight months back, Indore Development Authority (IDA) had proposed to build a new 300-bed hospital for free treatment and utilise a part of it for commercial activities. A meeting was recently held by the district administration, which was also attended by health department and IDA officials. A proposal was submitted to the district administration and it seems to have kept in the cold storage.Issues like land transfer and consensus among different departments concerned is becoming pain for thousands of patients coming here for treatment.Indore collector Raghavendra Singh said, \"The proposal is under consideration. It is taking time as land transfer process of the milk federation, which is located on the district hospital premises, is yet to gain pace. However, we are resolving the matter on priority basis.\"According to the sources, various departments have set their eyes on the seven-acre land which runs into several crores of rupees. The permission for land transfer has to come from the government, a process that is expected to take several months.Meanwhile, with a view to build trauma centre, wards for obs and gynae departments in the district hospital had received nearly Rs 4.70 crore under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), but due to involvement of various departments on the land, it is entangled in different levels of formalities.Civil surgeon Dr AP Srivastav said, \"We have given permission to PWD to start construction work and utilise the funds sanctioned under NRHM. The work will begin once the PWD floats tenders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128214", "title": "Ahmedabad police set to get new punch line, designer vans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is 'With You For You Always' for the Delhi police. 'To protect the good and to restrain the evil' for Mumbai police. Now, Ahmedabad police too has come up with its own motto - 'Sure and quick, whenever - wherever'.Along with the punch line, the police control room (PCR) vans of the city's police are also gearing up to don a new look , designed by the National Institute of Design (NID). The aim is to make the vans stand out in a crowd. The new graphic designs will not only cover both the left and right sides of the vehicle, but also cover the front and back. While NID has completed the design, a high level committee of the city police is in the last stage of approving it. \"We gave the punch line to NID to integrate it in the design,\" said Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police.\"Prior to this project, PCR vans did not have a uniform look,\" said Rahul Sharma , a student of graphic design who carried out the project under guidance of Rupesh Vyas. \"Some police vehicles had cluttered bits of information, while others did not bear even a basic identity. We strongly felt that by reinforcing the Identity Ahmedabad police would help in building a positive public perception among the people. We wanted to present the Ahmedabad police department as dependable and accessible.\"He added that the blue and red color scheme has always been associated with law and order. \"While this gives a sense of authority to the vehicle, the bold text set in both English and Gujarati script is easily readable even from a distance and at first glance,\" said Sharma. The design also includes reflective materials along the four sides of the vehicles to give them clearly visible at night as well. Another idea behind the reflective tapes is to enable them to be used as a barricade in an area like a traffic accident.\"NID has taken up the project with a sense of responsibility for serving the city by contributing our skills and knowledge to its well being,\" said NID director Pradyumna Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128291", "title": "Video games should creatively engage youngsters, says pioneer", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: US-based Tekspire Design chief designer Luke Hooper doesn't believe that video games are the main reason for violence among children. \"They may be one among the reasons for the menace. But, I believe in creation and promotion of games that creatively engage and entertain youngsters,\" said Hooper, who caught the gaming world by storm when he introduced 'Khet: The laser game' in 2005.Talking to TOI on his first visit to the country here, Hooper said the gaming industry was undergoing a paradigm transformation with advancements in mobile technology and social media networks. \"The way people used to play games has changed a lot. It's still going through a vibrant transformation. The challenge for every game developer is to catch up with the new technology platforms where we see convergence of several technologies that complement each other,\" he said. Though the core team of Tekspire design includes only seven people, the company has established its presence across the globe. \"We partner with select companies and groups across the world. While we found a technology partner in a company based at Technopark here, most of the manufacturing works take place in China,\" said Hooper.According to Hooper, the gaming industry was widening its presence in developing countries too. Specializing in the creation of games that use abstract and chess-like strategies, he is all set to launch two more new games this year. Hooper added that he would like to explore the classical games in India as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128150", "title": "61 deputy superintendants of police to pass out from Gujarat Police Academy today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Monday will see passing out parade of 383 personnel and officers of various ranks of Gujarat police in presence of chief minister Narendra Modi at Gujarat Police Academy (GPA), Karai. Modi will take guard of honour whereas Praful Patel , state minister for home, will be special guest on the occasion.The officers include 61 deputy superintendants of police (DSPs), 175 police sub-inspectors and 31 intelligence officers. The first batch of 116 women Lok Rakshak Dal (LRD) jawans will also pass out at the ceremony.Talking about the event, Atul Karwal, joint director, GPA, said that it is not only the biggest batch of DSPs passing out from the academy but also has record number of women officers. \"Earlier, we used to have passing outs of 10 to 15 DSPs, but this year, 61 DSPs are passing out. Out of them, 20 are women. This batch also sees highly qualified candidates including doctors, engineers, lecturers and computer professionals,\" he said.The trainees at GPA participated in activities such as seminars on juvenile justice, training management, drug law enforcement, new trends and counter measures in terrorism, coastal and land border security, AIDS, RTI, visits to vital installations in Kutch district, BSF and coast guards camps. The DSP trainees were also given knowledge of forensic science and post-mortem.State police officials said that induction of these trainees in force will be shot in the arm in election year as it will help filling up vacancies and strengthen law and order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127630", "title": "Phase III: DMRC spars with Archaeological Survey of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro's construction work at Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg is being closely monitored by Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).With a verdict from National Monuments Authority (NMA) still awaited, Delhi Metro is not allowed to undertake construction work within 300m of protected monuments that fall on the stretch. DMRC, however, said they were at present only engaged in soil and utility testing and traffic diversions.Delhi Metro has been waiting for a verdict from NMA for almost a year. Preliminary work for their proposed Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor which goes via several protected monuments included initial investigations like soil testing, utility lines, among other things.But the work had caught the attention of ASI, which termed it unauthorized and issued notice in February at the IP estate police station to stop work. An ASI official said they got a reply to their notice from DMRC saying they had applied to NMA for permission to start work on the corridor.A source, however, said another notice was sent to DMRC after barricades were put up at Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg a week back. Denying they had received any notice, DMRC officials maintained they were not undertaking construction work. \"We are only involved with soil-testing and preparatory work at present. Only traffic diversions are in place. We are still waiting for an NOC from NMA,'' said a DMRC official.A source said there was immense pressure to grant NOC to the work under essential services as public utility. The state-level competent authority has given a positive recommendation but the final work can only come from NMA. An NMA official said they were examining the proposal and were holding another meeting with DMRC towards the end of the month.Till then no work can start in the underground corridor running via Janpath, Mandi House, ITO, Dilli Gate, Jama Masjid and Red Fort till the proposal was cleared by NMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127203", "title": "Shiv Kapur hits longest drive in European Tour history", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shiv Kapur recorded the longest-ever drive in the 40-year history of the European Tour launching a 442-yard tee shot off the 13th tee to the fairway in the third round of the Madeira Islands Open on Saturday, reports exegolf.com.Shiv (70, 68, 68) was tied-12th in Portugal with a total of 10-under. Kapur's drive left the Delhi golfer with just 11 yards to the green on the downhill par five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128078", "title": "60th anniversary of Parliament: Social inequities, farmer suicides find a mention", "text": "NEW DELHI: The picture was not all rosy as leaders who spoke during the special session pointed to persisting social and economic inequities, calling for greater efforts to reduce the gap between rich and poor and erase the shame of farmer suicides due to debt.\"The challenge is to stop the suicides. There are also so many who do not still have a roof on their heads. Can we do something for them,\" asked Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav.He clearly struck a chord, particularly among parties that espouse the cause of social justice, with BSP's Dara Singh Chauhan pointing to a \"clash\" between the judiciary and executive over political measures to promote interests of the disadvantaged.\"Parliament and Supreme Court have been at cross purposes. This must be resolved so that the purpose of Parliament is fulfilled,\" said Dara Singh, in a reference to SC having recently struck down an order by the previous BSP government in UP on reservations in promotions.The two Indias theme cropped up a regular intervals during the debate as independent member Inder Singh Namdhari said basic amenities like water were unavailable to millions of Indians while the rich seemed to have more than their share and even wasted a resource that many were denied.For leaders like Janata Dal (U)'s Sharad Yadav, caste is a reality that cannot be done away with as long opportunities were not equal. \"We are still fighting over counting the poor... we are counting calories.\" Driving home the caste argument, he said, \"The people who ran the country (or society) for thousands of years, have done so for the last 60 years too.\"CPM's Basudev Acharya argued that inequities had grown rather than reduced and said money power was influencing elections and while votes were being purchased, starvation and illiteracy continued to be the bane of Indian democracy.Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi's Thirumaavalavan said reservations in the private sector would serve to break a glass ceiling and address the starkness of social realities. \"When I met Congress leader Sonia Gandhi , I spoke on the need for such action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126931", "title": "Cab driver held for rape in Betul", "text": "BHOPAL: A cab driver was arrested on charges of raping an 18-year-old girl after being lured her into a hutment at Urdan village in Betul district on Saturday evening. Police said that the accomplice of the accused, a woman, has fled the spot and a search has been launched to nab her.Police said that the girl belonged to the village and the accused cab driver, identified as a Mahmood, is resident of Betul town.On Saturday evening, said police, the victim was lured by her neighbour identified as Guddan Bai, who allegedly took the girl to a hutment just outside the village. Mahboob was waiting for the girl inside the hut. As soon as the victim entered the shanty, Guddan Bai bolted the door from outside.Hearing the girl's screams for help, villagers rushed there and rescued her. They caught hold of Mahmood and tied him to a tree before informing the police. Police reached the spot and arrested the cab driver while his accomplice Guddan Bai went absconding. Mahboob was arrested and a case under Sections 376 (rape), 109 (abetment) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC registered against him and Guddan Bai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127563", "title": "Killed couples kin lead cops on clue trail", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The relatives of a couple who were killed in a hit-and-run case have managed a breakthrough in the case, something that the Chandigarh police could not achieve even in a weeks time. They have traced the home of the alleged killer driver. The police took the lead from there and went to the house of the prime suspect, an optician. However, they did not find anyone there as the family members are absconding.It is the second such case of embarrassment to the police, as earlier the family members of the victims had proved the cops wrong by pointing out that the vehicle involved in the accident was a Zen not a Swift. A speeding car had killed a couple - Ashok Kumar , 40, and Sushila Devi, 35 - and injured their daughter Muskan, 9, after hitting and knocking down their two-wheeler in Sector 40 on May 6.Ashwani Kumar, younger brother of deceased Ashok, said, The white Zen belongs to a family living in Sector 38 and one of the members of the family has a shop in Sector 40. All the family members fled the house after they found out that the involvement of their car in the accident has been ascertained.On getting information from the kin of the deceased couple, police went to the house in Sector 38 but found it locked. Additional SHO of the police station in Sector 39, sub-inspector Nand Kishore, said the house belongs to one Surinder Singla and his son Manu Singla, an optician, who has a shop in Sector 40.Meanwhile, police sources told TOI, The injured Muskan had also told the cops that the driver, who had hit their two-wheeler, was driving a white coloured car and was wearing specs and Manu Singla, who is under the scanner, also wears specs.The car had a Punjab registration number. The incident took place when Ashok and Sushila along with their daughter were returning after supplying tiffin boxes to some youths living in paying guest accommodations in Sector 40 on May 6. After the accident, some broken parts of the Zen were found on the spot, while a glimpse of the car was captured on a CCTV camera, which was installed inside a house situated near the spot in Sector 40.DSP (south) B S Negi said prima facie the information given by of the deceased couple's kin is reliable and raids are being conducted to nab the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127855", "title": "'Sex ratio has worsened in Pali in the past decade'", "text": "JAIPUR: Pali has decided to adopt the Kolhapur model to stop rising female feticide.The Pali administration will install tracking devices at all sonography centres in the district to check killing of the girl child.Census 2011 had highlighted the skewed sex ratio in Pali, which saw a drop of 30 girls per 1,000 boys.Pali collector Neeraj K Pawan said, \"The sex ratio has declined drastically in the last decade. We decided to install devices three months ago, but missed the deadline.\"\"We contacted the company which installed the 'silent observer' in Kolhapur. We analyzed its success rate and then decided to install it here. It is a necessary tool to keep an eye on sonography centres which are involved in sex selection,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133721", "title": "I cannot eat, sleep and breathe movies: Karunas", "text": "Having become a household name after his portrayal of Lodukku Pandi in Nandha, which catapulted him to fame, comedian Karunas says acting is not his only identity.\"I have been in this industry for over a decade, and I still don't consider myself a movie star. I started off as a mimicry artist, have sung 'Gaana' folk music and popularized pop music in the South before I got into acting. I am not one of those who eats, sleeps and drinks movies. I only want to use my status as a comic actor to bring about a difference to society,\" he says.The Nandha comedian also has his hands full, and says he cannot be happy with a couple of releases a year.\"I am happiest if I have many releases each year, and will be seen in Ragalaipuram, Chandamama and Machan , with two other films in the negotiation stages. After Dindigul Sarathy and Ambasamudram Ambani, Ragalaipuram will be my third film as an unconventional hero,\" he quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128747", "title": "Looking into all angles, says Sridevi Goel", "text": "NAGPUR: Additional DGP of State Reserve Police Force, Sridevi Goel, who is probing the lynching incident of 3 bahurupiyas being killed by an angry mob last week, visited the incident spot in Kalamna on Sunday. She said that apart from police even the general public should try and prevent such incidents.Goel also met local residents and people's representatives at the Kalamna police station where she recorded statements. \"Citizens should have acted responsibly and handed over the suspects to the cops especially as the police station was not very far away. The mob should not have reacted on the basis of rumours,\" said Goel.The official said the police had done well to quash the rumors of the Bahurupiays being robbers and molesters even before the incident took an ugly turn. \"There was increased patrolling and cops had even met the citizens at their localities trying to dispel the fear and expose the rumors,\" said Goel.Goel also said that it was not an open and shut case. \"We are taking a holistic look and trying to view the incident from various perspectives. Matters like how the incident took place, response time of the police, the roles played by them and reactions of the mob were part of the probe,\" she said.Local MLA Krishna Khopde also met Goel at the police station and charged that police had nabbed several innocent people. A group of women too had met her expressing a similar grievance.\"I met residents staying close to the spots. Those willing to record statements were summoned to the police station,\" said Goel. \"We are referring to the photographs and clips collected by the citizens independently.\"Admitting that the cops were outnumbered , Goel appreciated the quick response from the police station after getting information.was relayed to the control room.\"Citizens should have co-operated with police and ensured that the culprits were punished but they killed three innocents,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13128386", "title": "Pajifond 'illegal' construction matter to be heard today", "text": "MARGAO: The complaint filed by former MLA Babu Azgaonkar with the Margao Municpal Council (MMC) regarding an alleged illegal construction near Shri Krishna temple at Pajifond, Margao, will come up for hearing on Monday at 3.30pm.Azgaonkar, who is the president of the temple committee, had filed a complaint last week with the MMC demanding that the matter regarding the alleged illegal construction be resolved.MMC officials have submitted a show-cause notice to the proprietors of the construction near the temple. \"If there is any illegality, we will take appropriate action,\" said MMC chief J B Bhingui.On Sunday, the Margao police rushed to the site as things heated up when devotees of the temple were seeing gathered near the allegedly illegal construction. The few upset devotees attempted to tear down parts of the construction when the police arrived and took them to the police station.The police personnel then pacified the agitated members and warned them against taking matters in their own hands.Additional police force has been stationed near the temple to prevent any law and order situation. The MMC is expected to pass an order after the meeting which will be held at its premises on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127568", "title": "Action against nursing councils, colleges from today", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has claimed to have completed the verification of most of the documents seized from Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council and the nursing colleges in the state which were raided in March following complaints of irregularities. They said that action against a few officials of the two councils and nursing college owners will start this week.The ACB had earlier claimed that it would start lodging FIRs against officials involved in inspecting the facilities at private nursing colleges in the state and their owners after scrutiny of documents seized during raids two months ago. Glaring irregularities like several colleges of different streams running in a single building have come up during the inspection of 48 nursing colleges.\"We are planning to take action against the officials involved in inspecting the facilities and nursing colleges and their owners from Monday,\" said IG, ACB, G N Purohit.Sources said that the verification of most of the documents has been completed. However, the IG refused to give details.Nearly 80 nursing colleges were raided in March on complaints of irregularities and several documents were seized. Over the past two months, these documents were verified. Sources in the ACB said that prima facie, connivance of Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council officials with owners of private nursing colleges have been found.\"The members of inspection teams from Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council which recommended accreditation to these colleges were apparently hand-in-glove with the owners. They will be booked for misusing their position,\" a senior ACB officer told TOI.During the raids, the irregularities that came up were startling. Many buildings were found housing several colleges of different streams including nursing, BEd and even a school.Besides, it was found that in records, the addresses of some colleges is elsewhere, while they are situated at a different location. Similarly, two different societies were running different colleges in a single building. \"Irregularities like colleges not having basic facilities including labs and other infrastructure are common place in almost all the colleges,\" said the officer.Officials said there are two ways to get recognition by these colleges, \"One is to approach the Rajasthan Nursing Council, the other is to get it from Indian Nursing Council.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127341", "title": "3 charred to death in Bikaner road accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons were charred to death while eight others sustained burn injuries on Sunday when the jeep in which they were traveling caught fire after it collided with a tanker near Palana village on National Highway no. 65.The incident took place at 3 pm when two families from Suratgarh were going to the Karni Mata temple situated at Deshnok village in Bikaner district. As the jeep was passing through Palana village, it collided head on with the truck coming from the opposite direction. The collision was so intense that both vehicles caught fire, police said.Since the doors of the jeep got locked after the collision, the injured passengers could not get out of the vehicle after it caught fire. \"Three people were killed on the spot while six others have sustained burn injuries were helped in getting out of the vehicle by a rescue team,\" said Amin Hasan, SHO of Deshnok police station.Villagers gathered at the spot and took part in the rescue operation. It was a shocking scene when the charred bodies were taken out of the vehicle.\"With the help of gas cutters the doors of the vehicle were opened and the bodies were taken out. All the injured were rushed to the PBM hospital, Bikaner, and their condition was out of danger, according to the hospital authorities,\" said Prashant Kaushik, SHO of Sadar police station.The driver and the cleaner of the truck were also injured and they were admitted to PBM hospital.The deceased could not be identified and efforts were on for the same. \"Members of two families were travelling in the jeep and three of them were killed while eight others were injured. We are talking to the injured to get the deceased identified,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127928", "title": "RTI reveals anomalies in UP Power Corporation Limited's civil wing", "text": "LUCKNOW: An RTI query has revealed that employees at the civil division section of the UP Power Corporation Limited do not give an affidavit if their relatives are working as contractors in projects of the department. According to rules, no close relative of an employee or official is allowed to work as contractor in the same division.The alarming disclosure came on a RTI query filed by Anand Chaurasia with the civil division wing of Madyanchal. Executive engineer, Ashutosh Agarwal in reply to the query said that employees do not provide any such affidavit. Meaning an officer can easily engage his son or any other relative as a contractor with the division.The response to the RTI query also takes into account one Mohammad Kaiser as contractor working with the division. However, according to a complaint filed by Chaurasia with the top brass of UPPCL, Kaiser happens to be the brother of accountant Faiyaz Ahmad in the same division. This is not all.An officer or engineer cannot be posted in the home district. But a junior engineer of the same division, JV Singh worked in his home district Faizabad, the RTI said.Engineers at UPPCL affirm that as per the rules, no relative of an official or staff can be allowed to get contracts. However, in the absence of an affidavit, the rule is being flouted brazenly. \"The idea is to stop favouritism,\" said a senior official at UPPCL.Chairman, UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi said that as such there is no compulsion to file an affidavit. \"However in case, any such complaint is received, we take strict and timely action,\" he said, while speaking to TOI on Sunday. He said that they will be taking up the case. \"If found guilty of any wrong deeds, the concerned officers would be punished,\" he said.UPPCL sources said that it is true that in the absence of an affidavit, the rule can be flouted easily. \"An officer can easily say that he has anything to do with the contractor, no matter the two may be closely related. Loop holes exist and they have not been plugged for years,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13129299", "title": "Officials meet CM, discuss disparity of property tax", "text": "Hubli: Office bearers of the Karnataka Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, Hubli met and discussed with the chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Thursday on various disparities of property tax (Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation) and trade licenses.In a press release issued from KCC&I;, stated that while presenting the memorandum to the CM urged that to look into the disparities including levying of motor vehicle tax, solid waste management tax, different rate of tax in various corporations, levying of penalty on property tax rebate on self-occupied property and trade license.Office bearers of KCC&I;, Hubli N P Javali, Andanappa V Sajjanar and Vishwanath Ginimav have met urban development minister Suresh Kumar, large and medium scale industry minister Murugesh Nirani urged them to look into the disparity of property tax and trade license.The chief minister assured the office bearers of the KCC&I; that he will review the disparities in the property tax as also trade license within 15 days and the needful attention will be given, press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127565", "title": "Film industry no to 'modified' rating", "text": "Mumbai: The film industry is not in favour of modified category for certification of films screened on television and wants to maintain status quo on the rating system. This was opined by film-makers at a meeting held with Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) chairperson Leela Samson in Mumbai on Saturday.Film-makers offered to educate the audiences by advertising about the film content appropriately and marking it if parental guidance is needed for viewing the films.\"The issue is of communication. Producers and broadcasters have agreed for the latter to publicize and explain the certificate (U or U/A) granted to a film, in all paid and on-air advertising preceding the telecast and also during the telecast,\" says Tanuj Garg, CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures. \"This will enable parents to exercise discretion for their children, if they deem it necessary\" he added.The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry had recently pushed the telecast of The Dirty Picture to late night screening due to its adult content. A censor board source said, \"The ministry has become acutely aware of this negligence on the part of the broadcasters and asked the CBFC to consider a rating system for films to be certified for TV.\" The industry initially did contemplate on agreeing to the modified rating system but later realized it will hurt the economics of film business and voted against it.CBFC CEO Pankaja Thakur said, \"The industry's view will be communicated to I&B; minister Ambika Soni . The decision will then lie with the ministry. Meanwhile, the CBFC will continue to function as earlier.\"\"Channels are running UA films as per their schedule. We are trying to evolve an improved system. The industry must appreciate this and not get into a panic mode,\" Thakur added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13128731", "title": "UK town marks 250th birthday of sandwich", "text": "LONDON: The British town of Sandwich on Sunday celebrated the 250th anniversary of the moment when its Earl invented the bread-based meal that would go on to become a global convenience snack.The first written record of the sandwich was in 1762 and the Kent town of Sandwich, which is the earldom of the Montagu family, is celebrating 250 years of the meal.The story goes that fourth Earl of Sandwich asked for beef served between slices of bread so that he could eat while continuing to play cards and his friends asked \"to have the same as Sandwich\" , according to the British Sandwich Association.The fourth Earl of Sandwich was considered \"a daring man\" to eat with his fingers at that time. Over the weekend the Kent town hosts sandwich-making competitions and re-enactments of the moment the fourth Earl of Sandwich asked for the food in bread, the BBC reported.Sandwich celebration festival organizer Mandy Wilkins said it had interest from around the world, including America, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, France and Russia.\"The sandwich is a global food and Sandwich, our town, is just a little town full of medieval buildings. It's bizarre that such an important food item should be named after us,\" Wilkins said. On Sunay the 11th Earl of Sandwich John Montagu said, \"I am delighted to wish a happy 250th birthday to the sandwich.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127431", "title": "In a fitting tribute, artists interpret Tagore in unique style", "text": "JAIPUR: It was an evening to remember for city's art and culture lovers at the Maharana Pratap auditorium at Vidyashram School on Sunday.In a fitting tribute to Rabindranath Tagore, artists from diverse fields came together on one stage and performed simultaneously for close to one-and-a-half hours to leave the audience spellbound.The programme 'Remembering Tagore', to mark 151th birth anniversary of Gurudev, had artists interpreting Tagore in their unique style, be it through dhrupad rendition, sculpting or Kathak recital.Despite an IPL match in town, a jam-packed hall gave enough reason for the artists as well as organizers to celebrate.The evening started with Madhu Bhatt Tailang's 'dhrupad gayan' on Tagore's compositions even as Padma Shri awardee Arjun Prajapati made a live sculpture of the Nobel laureate and visual artist Surendra Pal Joshi brought him alive through his sketch.Amid the beats of pakhawaj and the soulful stirrings of the sitar, Prajapati and Joshi were immersed in their art in one corner of the stage. Tailang's recital was followed by Manesha Agarwal's rendition of a Tagore song in Hindi.Next was Ikraam Rajasthani's translation of 'Geetanjali' in Rajasthani. The renowned lyricist-composer translated a few verses from the bard's famous work while miniature artist Niru Chhabra wrote the verses on a grain of rice.For the audience, it was sheer visual treat to see not one but several artists together creating magic on the stage through different expressions.The event was organized by Prabha Khaitan Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128406", "title": "Committee formed to evaluate High Security Registration Plates tenders", "text": "PANAJI: Chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava will chair a meeting to be held on May 14 to finalize the tender for supply of High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) for Goa.Transport director Arun Desai issued an order on May 10 constituting the tender evaluation committee to oversee and finalize the tender for supply of HSRP in the state. Srivastava will act as chairperson of the committee.Principal secretary (revenue) for the state government, secretary for transport, the state finance secretary and the law secretary will act as members on the committee. Desai will be member secretary on the Tender Evaluation Committee.The committee will meet on Monday and scrutinize and evaluate the tenders for supply of HSRPs in Goa. It will recommend the name of supplier to the government by submitting its report for undertaking work of providing HSRP for the vehicles in Goa.State government has received only two bidders for the contract of fixing HSRPs in Goa. After the scrutiny of tender bids, the process of allotment of tender will begin. Last month, the transport department has issued a fresh tender for HSRP contract. The last date for submission of tenders was May 9 and the Supreme Court deadline for the implementation of HSRP is June 30.The government will sign a five-year contract with the successful bidder to implement HSRP in Goa.The Goa government had first invited bids for HSRP in Goa in 2005 and signed the contract with Shimnit Utsch in 2008.But following the public uproar over the high rates, the government scrutinized the contract and found irregularities.The government issued a show cause notice to the company in November 2010 and formally terminated the contract with Shimnit Utsch in January 2011.The high court of Bombay at Goa also dismissed a petition by the company challenging the termination in May 2011. Subsequently, the government decided to re-tender the HSRP project.From August 2009, when HSRP was first started in Goa, till July 2010 when it was stopped, a total of 6,791 vehicles were fitted with HSRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13133169", "title": "'E-education sector to touch $45bn mark by 2015'", "text": "MUMBAI: At $600 billion, the education spending in India has surpassed that of the US and is growing by leaps and bounds, a research report said.The education spend in India is at $600 billion and the private education segment alone is expected to cross $45 billion mark by 2015 from the present $35 billion, according to a research report prepared by Investor Relation Society, affiliated to US based Global Investor Relations Network.The report said that skill and vocational training are fast throwing good amount of opportunities.With an education network of more than one million schools and 20,000 higher-education institutes, the market size of the Indian education system is estimated at $45 billion, Investor Relation Society president M S Anand said.A little over two lakh Indian students migrate overseas every year for higher studies. These students alone contribute to foreign universities as much as $5 bn every year.Based on this observation, several foreign institutions are foraying into India. This is expected to boost the quality of education in the country, the report said.The higher education in India shall soon witness a sea change, leading to a surge in the growth of education sector. The sector may not only witness emergence of growth of small companies into gigantic organisations, but also lead to entry of new players.These new players could be either technocrats as in the case of First Object Technologies Ltd or companies promoted by conglomerates like Zee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13126945", "title": "Retd cop\u2019s son arrested with bullet at RGI airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: A retired head constable's son was arrested on Sunday while he was trying to board a Dubai-bound flight allegedly with a live bullet in his baggage.Police nabbed Jitesh Kumar, 27, a student from Lothkunta near Alwal. Jitesh was caught for possessing the bullet by CISF personnel at the passenger screening point while he was trying to board his flight at around 4.30 am on Sunday.Security personnel found a 9 mm bullet inside Jitesh's baggage and handed him over to the airport police. His father Nateshan is a retired CRPF head constable.\"During interrogation, Jitesh said that he was unaware of the bullet in his bag. We suspect that his father, while in service, might have put the bullet in the bag and forgot about it,\" RGI airport sub-inspector (SI) K Mahesh said. However, police have not yet booked a case against Jitesh and refused to give any details about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127045", "title": "675 students appear for Common Law Admission Test in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A total of 675 candidates appeared for the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) held in the city on Sunday. While 650 candidates appeared for the under-graduate level, the remaining appeared for the post-graduate entrance examination. The exam was conducted in Nalsar Law University, the only examination centre for CLAT in the city. CLAT officials from National Law University, Jodhpur, said that there were no surprises in this year's examination. \"The CLAT committee had met six months ago and decided that the exam pattern would be the same as last year,\" said a CLAT observer from Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13126776", "title": "Sweeping machines to clean Gurgaon roads from this week", "text": "GURGAON: The contractor engaged by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) to clean the city using sweeping machines is finally set to begin.For the first time, the HUDA is trying out machine for sweeping the road. The machine will cover a 10 km stretch. The HUDA administrator,Praveen Kumar said: \"MG road has been chosen first because it is a crucial link, and the timing of the work will be decided keeping the traffic situation. both during the day and night, in mind.\"Work will go on for the next six months and the firm will take up work on other major roads in the HUDA sectors.The decision to hasten the sweeping work was taken after the recent, untimely rain and thundershower which have led to the deteriorating condition of the road.The machine has been imported from Germany and has superb suction power.\"The machine can lift stones from the surface of the road but the condition of MG Road at present is such that, first it has to be cleaned manually,\" said an executive of the firm.The machine has a suction capacity of 6 tonne, which means it can lift dirt, garbage and filth weighing 6 tonne. The contractor has been instructed to employ drivers to work in three shifts, lasting six hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128711", "title": "Madras University students log in for virtual classes", "text": "CHENNAI: Teachers at the department of journalism and communication at the University of Madras encourage their students to check their Facebook pages. They can also 'Poke', 'Like' and 'Comment' on subjects and lectures. Welcome to the 'Facebook classroom'!The students record and upload lectures using voice recorders, cellphones and laptops and play it as podcasts later on their 'official' Facebook pages. Gopalan Raveendran, the head of the department, said the idea of an extended virtual classroom came to his mind after seeing the difficulties students from Sri Lanka, Japan, Thiruvananthapuram, Tirunelveli and Chennai who are sitting next in his classrooms.\"Different social backgrounds, language barriers, English accent are some of the factors that limit students from being actively involved in discussions in a physical classroom,\" he said.Out of 100 students in the department of journalism and communication (DJC), at least 70 of them are active participants in this virtual classroom. They play podcasts on media, culture or listen to analysis of Charulata, Subarnarekha and Parzania that are being delivered by their professors.Theerka Narayanan, a second year MSc Electronics and Media Communication student, says the Facebook page helps them recapture each classroom session. \"There are students who never join a conversation in the classroom. On Facebook, they shed their inhibitions and join in discussions and share ideas with professors. The Facebook page also has details of their semester syllabus, course modules and links for reference and additional reading,\" she said.The idea of using social networking and micro blogging sites emerged in the higher education sector a few years ago. It began with informal pages of institutions and student batches. Gradually, leading universities and Indian Institutes of Technology in India started exploring online forums in order to maintain communication with students in a casual and informal manner.In Madras university, at least 70% of the students participate in its 'official' virtual classroom. \"Such a virtual class room helps students to 'Poke', 'Like' and 'Comment' on subjects and lectures, especially if they have not attended or not being involved in the classes. These are the most democratic forms of education and it erases boundaries and hierarchies of a normal classroom,\" said a senior faculty of IIT-Madras, where students' online forum posts notes, podcasts and videos of major lectures and debates organised in the campus.Another faculty at SRM College said Facebook platforms work well in academics as it is one of the most familiar online space for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127897", "title": "Common Law Admission Test, All India Pre Medical Test pass off peacefully", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aspiring advocates appeared in the Common Law Admission Test on Sunday. In Lucknow, as many as 3,432 candidates took the exam at five centres. Out of this, 3176 candidates appeared for LLB, while 156 appeared for the post graduate exam, LLM.As per officials of Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University (RMLNLU), which was entrusted with the task of conducting the exam, CLAT 2012 was simple. \"No complaints of any kind were received from the candidates,\" said an official.The candidates had to answer 200 objective type questions carrying one mark each. No negative marking was done. The two-hour long test consisted of English, general knowledge, elementary mathematics, legal aptitude and logical reasoning. Conducted by National Law University, Jodhpur, CLAT 2012 saw as many as 25,769 aspirants taking the exam for admissions in 14 premier law institutions in the country. The test was held in 20 cities across 46 centres. The two hour exam held from 3.00 pm to 5.00 pm.Lucknow, the second largest centre after New Delhi, saw an increase of nearly 100 candidates from previous year. This year, a total of 6,113 aspirants were registered in Delhi. Jaipur had 1,827, Kolkata had 1,485; Patna had 1,369 aspirants, while Chandigarh had 1,222 examinees appearing in CLAT. While Karnataka had 916 aspirants, Mumbai this time had only 754 applicants. This year, a total of 1,702 undergraduate seats are available in the prestigious law colleges.On Sunday, nearly 4,000 aspirants also took the All India Pre Medical Test (AIPMT) mains at seven centres from 10 am to 1 pm. The exam conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), was held peacefully. As per CBSE coordinator, Lucknow, Jawaid Alam Khan, \"Nearly 99% candidates took the exam. CBSE representatives were present at every centre for smooth conduct of exams.\"The test consisted of 120 objective type questions from physics, chemistry and biology. As per the candidates, there was a little change in the pattern of questions in comparison to previous year. \"Match making questions were a little different. But overall the exam went fine,\" said a candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13128086", "title": "Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh goes back to land grabbing", "text": "KORAPUT: Renewing their land grabbing spree, the Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) forcibly occupied non-tribal land at Bandhugaon block on Sunday.Sources said the CMAS organized a meeting at Kumbhariput which was attended by hundreds of activists with their traditional weapons. Following the meeting, the Sangh by occupied over 30 acres of non-tribal land in the area by putting red-flags around it. Even the Sangh ploughed the occupied land claiming it to be their own to which the non-tribals have taken by deceit.\"These land belong to us which the non-tribals had taken by deceit from our forefathers. We have occupied these lands and have started ploughing them,\" said a CMAS activist who had attended the Sangh meeting.Since 2009, the Sangh has forcibly occupied over 3,000 acre of non-tribal lands in the area citing it to be their own. Sources said non-tribals of the area are panicked over the recent development in the area.Meanwhile, the Koraput-Srikakulam division of the outlawed CPI (Maoist), which had abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka on the night of March 23, has given a 24 hour bandh call on Wednesday in protest against anti-Maoist operations in the area.Maoist leader Daya identifying himself as the secretary of the Maoist outfit informed this by sending letters to mediapersons in Koraput on Sunday. \"We demand a halt of operation Green Hunt, withdrawal of central forces from the area and release of all political prisoners lodged in the different jails of Koraput and Malkangiri districts,\" the Maoist letter read. \"We urge all to cooperate during the bandh period,\" it added.The Maoist letter also opposed the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC). Police said the panicked over the recently launched massive combing operation in the area, the Maoists have given the bandh call and all necessary security arrangements will be made to avoid any eventuality. \"We are keeping a close watch on the developments and security men have been kept on high alert to face any untoward incident,\" said SDPO Y Jagannath Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13128175", "title": "Raj Bhavan to host art camp", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Raj Bhavan here is set to host a camp for artists in the first week of June. Over 25 renowned artists from across the country would be invited to participate in the five-day-long maiden event.The governor house has entrusted Odisha Lalit Kala Akademi to finalize the names and coordinate the exhibition. \"We would invite renowned artists from Odisha and outside. Odia artists residing abroad might also be considered,\" Akademi secretary Rabi Narayan Rath told TOI. \"We are also taking the help of the culture department to make the event a grand success,\" Rath added.Sources said the artists would convert their imagination into works of art in the presence of governor M C Bhandare. The governor is scheduled to give away cash awards and certificates to the participating artists on the concluding day of the camp.While some of the artists would enjoy the privilege of staying on the sprawling Raj Bhavan premises, others would be put up in posh hotels in the city. Some art critics might be invited to grace the occasion on different days. Two big halls at Raj Bhavan have been kept ready to accommodate the paintings of the artists. The halls will later be converted into art galleries by preserving the paintings as well as the creations of other famed artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126951", "title": "Tension in Berasia as couple elopes", "text": "BHOPAL: Tension erupted in Berasia area after people of two villages clashed over the issue of a girl eloping with a man belonging to a different community.The incident took place on Sunday afternoon when a girl from Lalaria village eloped with her lover from Damkheda. Since it was second such incident in the past few days, the residents of Lalaria reportedly attacked a few houses in Damkheda. The other side too retaliated. Around a dozen people sustained injuries in the fight.A heavy police force was rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. Police said the girl who had eloped returned by evening. Cases against both the sides have been registered in the incident.Investigation was continuing in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128835", "title": "'Helmet with inbuilt walkie-talkie must for cops'", "text": "NAGPUR: Frequent arguments on roads can be witnessed as citizens protest traffic cops' move to penalize helmet-less motorists while allowing policemen to go scot-free for the same offence. Orders by the commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay that all policemen must wear helmets, whether on duty or not, from January 3 have just not been taken seriously.In complete disregard to the diktat, the cops have chosen to move about in plainclothes worn over their uniform to avoid being recognized.A senior traffic cop listed out various difficulties for cops in wearing helmets. \"They have to carry it in their hands along with the walkie-talkie and sometimes with a carbine. Many times cops on patrol could not be contacted as they were wearing headgears,\" he said, adding that the state government must provide helmets with inbuilt walkie-talkie system for safer communication. \"All cops will start wearing it from the next day,\" he added.Dhanvijay had said earlier this year that if found driving without helmets cops would be penalized Rs 100 for the first offence and an equivalent amount by the police department. For second and subsequent offence, the fine would be doubled and the errant cop would be transferred. A departmental inquiry would also be initiated against him by respective zonal heads.A senior cop said that most young policemen, including commandos, have taken the directives seriously and are driving with helmets. \"Not everyone is breaking the rule,\" he said.The senior cop hoped that if police start wearing helmets, \"it would inspire citizens too\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128832", "title": "Painting camp for children concludes", "text": "Kochi: Ammu, a 9th standard student from Ponnurunny, was overwhelmed when she discovered the artist within her. Many young children like Ammu also explored the possibilities of the art of drawing and painting, offered at the three-day camp jointly organized by the district children's welfare society and the Heart Light Association at Children's Park.Heart Light Association president K K Prakash, said the event was successful in improving the children's abilities in specific areas like cartooning, water colour-based drawing and oil painting.The event brought together 87 children from various parts of the district. The classes were taken by Lalitha Kala Academy chairman K A Francis, novelist K L Mohana Varma and cartoonist Balachandran.Twenty participants will be awarded later this month. The awards will be given by MLA Hibi Eden in a meeting presided by district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13128256", "title": "Minor girl rape case: Accused remanded to 5-day police custody", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) has remanded Sitaram Laxmikant Gaonkar, 24, a resident of Mapa-Panchwadi in Ponda to five days police custody on Sunday.The police had arrested Gaonkar on Saturday for allegedly marrying and raping a 16-year-old girl. The minor, who has a month-and-a-half old child has alleged that he had illegally confined her in his house and was abusing her, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126618", "title": "Pune collectorate to get 20 CCTV cameras soon", "text": "PUNE: The district collectorate has started the process to install CCTV cameras on its premises. District collector Vikas Deshmukh said that the cameras will cover all the important locations, including entry and exit points and common areas of the premises.The need for CCTV cameras as part of the public security measures at the collectorate was felt as it is one of the busiest government offices in the city. According to the district administration, about a 1,000 people visit the collectorate every day.The proposal for a CCTV network was pending for over two years. The issue had come up after the German bakery blast, when the city police had advised the district administration to install the network. At present, except for private security guards at the entry-exit points, the premises do not have any surveillance system to monitor movements of visitors.An official from the district administration said that the CCTV proposal had been submitted to the state government but had hardly moved ahead in the last one year. Now, tenders have been called for the project. The tendering process is scheduled to be completed by May end.The administration plans to install wireless web-based high picture quality cameras across the premises. The cameras will have night vision facility and the capacity to store recordings for at least three months. The control room will be set up within the premises. Around 20 cameras will be installed at strategic locations and will work round-the-clock.Besides the office of the district collector, the premises also house the office of the additional district collector, the panchayat and Haveli circle offices, and more than 50 offices working under the revenue department.Visitors to the collectorate say that security measures at key government offices should be upgraded. Prema Shetty, who recently visited the district collector's office, said, \"People can just walk in from anywhere on the premises as there is nobody to check and maintain the entry-exit records of visitors. There also needs to be a booth to assist visitors so that they can reach the proper department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13134724", "title": "Order on summoning Army chief in defamation case reserved", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Monday reserved for May 18 its order on summoning Army chief General V K Singh and four others on a criminal defamation complaint filed by former Lieutenant General Tejinder Singh.\"The case is reserved for order on May 18,\" metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja said after conclusion of the arguments on behalf of Tejinder Singh, who sought summoning of Army chief and four others for responding to the allegations against them.\"You can issue notice to them and they can come and explain their part to you,\" Tejinder Singh's counsel Anil Aggarwal said.Besides the Army chief, Tejinder Singh has named vice chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DG MI), Major General S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney, accusing them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.Aggarwal, on an earlier date of hearing had said the Army chief had made a complaint to the CBI on April 10 that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore to strike a defence deal while the press release on the issue of 'off-the air-monitoring' was made by the Army on March 5. Referring to the provisions of Army Act, the counsel had said a serving person cannot communicate with the media directly and if he has to pass on something, he has to do it through the Ministry of Defence.Tejinder Singh, a former director general of Defence Intelligence Agency, had filed the defamation complaint against the Army chief and four other Army officials rejecting the allegations that he had offered the bribe for clearing a deal for 600 \"sub-standard\" vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13128925", "title": "In thirsty Bundelkhand, woman and son killed over drinking water", "text": "KANPUR: A dispute over water in parched Bundelkhand took a grisly turn when two brothers killed their mother and a younger sibling and set their bodies ablaze on Saturday night.Police recovered the charred bodies from their house at Ambedkarnagar area in Banda district. Neighbours said the twin murders were the result of a long-standing dispute over drawing water from the family handpump.The dead have been identified as Qadeeran and her younger son Rasheed. The two accused, Qadeeran's sons, Nafees and Anees, are on the run. Police have lodged a case against the two.Late on Saturday, neighbours heard Rasheed's wife Jamila and their children screaming for help. Within minutes, they saw smoke billowing from the house. When they broke open the door, they found charred bodies of the two. Police reached the spot and shifted the bodies to the mortuary.Police said, the woman and her child were hacked to death and their bodies torched. \"There were blood stains all over the room,\" an official at Banda's kotwali police station said. Water riots are common in drought-hit Bundelkhand region. Last year, the district registered several cases of violence over drinking water.Rasheed's wife, Jamila, said the accused would quarrel whenever Qadeeran and Rasheed tried to draw water from the handpump. On Saturday night, Nafees and Anees tried to stop them forcibly. The verbal duel turned ugly when Nafees and Anees attacked their mother and brother. A dispute over property could have also triggered the murder, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129105", "title": "3 youths drown in Manchanabele reservoir", "text": "BANGALORE: Three youths from the city drowned in Manchanabele reservoir, 40 km from here, on Sunday afternoon.The three - Nisar, 21, Habeeb, 20, and Ayaz, 21 - all daily-wagers, were part of an eight-member picnicking group from Nayandanahalli in the city.Akbar, one of the members, said they had planned the trip for a long time. The eight arranged for motorcycles and left the city early in the morning. They reached the dam at 10am.\"It was around 2pm. We were sitting by the water and I was just finishing my namaz (afternoon prayer) when four from the group entered the reservoir water. After sometime, Nisar started to scream. Others rushed to his help. Habeeb and Ayaz drowned in the process,\" he said.With help from locals, the youths approached police. Divers were called and search for the bodies began around 3.30pm. The operation was called off in the evening due to lack of light.\"The water is deep. Divers covered most parts of the lake using hooks but they couldn't find anything. The search will resume on Monday morning,\" said a Tavarekere police officer.Cops said drownings have been a regular phenomenon in dam waters. In spite of warning boards to keep off trouble spots, people continue to enter the waters with fatal consequences.Watery SundaysWater bodies around the city are favourite picnic spots for outgoing Bangaloreans. But that is also the time when accidents peak and drownings happen.Two Sundays ago, five picnicking Bangaloreans drowned in three separate incidents. Three students from Jain Engineering College had gone on a weekend picnic to Mekedaatu in Kanakapura taluk of Ramanagaram district and drowned in Cauvery Sangama.Hours earlier, Anil Kumar Rawat, 24, a BPO employee, drowned in Cauvery river at Muttatti, 100 km from Bangalore and in Mandya district.Around the same time, Poornima, 20, drowned in Gaganachukki stream at Shivanasamudra falls in Mandya district. Poornima had gone with her family to the waterfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127755", "title": "Urdu calligrapher gives shape to new font", "text": "Mumbai: In the world of Urdu, few can match Aslam Kiratpuri's feat. No, he has not penned tomes of poetry. His achievement is fundamental, concerning font, ligatures (syllables) and word-building. Father of a new Urdu font called Lahori Nastalique, Kiratpuri has revolutionized the way Urdu is typed on computers today. Importantly, his Nastalique has 40,000 ligatures, double the number created by Pakistan's Noorie Nastalique.\"It took Mirza Ahmed Jameel Noori of Pakistan 12 years to create his font, Noorie Nastalique, while I completed it in three years,\" says Kiratpuri, 58, seated at his small office in Nagpada. \"I have called it Lahori Nastalique as part of a tribute to my calligraphy teacher Faiz Mujadid Lahori.\"Kiratpuri, who began his career as a calligrapher in 1968, has worked with several Urdu newspapers and magazines in the city. \"I always wanted to do something more meaningful than being a calligrapher who is not much in demand ever since Urdu began to be typed on computers,\" says Kiratpuri. He adds that since there were not more than 20,000 ligatures earlier, those who used computers to write Urdu were hamstrung as there were few options to form words.In this work, Kirtapuri received help from Syed Manzar, a software engineer, and his own calligraphy student Rehan Ansari. \"We worked day and night as we had to add 20,000 more ligatures to what Pakistan had produced,\" explains Kiratpuri.A former president of Urdu calligraphers' Association in Mumbai, Kirtapuri is pained that, despite his remarkable achievement, neither the government nor private Urdu agencies have done anything for him. Except some friends, who felicitated him at Anjuman-e-Islam and held an exhibition of his calligraphic creations two months ago, no Urdu body has even sent him a letter of appreciation.A few months ago, at a seminar, Kiratpuri slammed the government for doing practically nothing to promote Urdu and development of its font. Dr Hamidullah Bhatt, ex-director of the HRD-run National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language, was chairing the seminar and took offence to Kiratpuri's remarks. \"He didn't like the fact that I questioned the government's sincerity towards promoting Urdu in his presence,\" recalls Kiratputi. While Kiratpuri lives in virtual anonymity, pirated CDs of his font make brisk sales both in India and Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128025", "title": "Eunuchs file cross complaints after territorial tiff", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two warring factions of eunuchs in the city filed complaints against each other with Sardarnagar and Madhavpura police stations on Friday and Saturday. Police have started search for the accused in the case.On Saturday, Sapna De Neetu De filed a complaint with Madhavpura police against Khushbu De, Chandni De, Maya De and Yusuf Jama of Sonia De faction for abduction and threat. She alleged that she was kidnapped in a car by the trio on Saturday and threatened with dire consequences if she did not stop seeking alms in Madhavpura and nearby areas. The trio also cut her hair, she alleged.Earlier on Friday, Khushbu De Sonia De had filed a complaint of assault and threat with Sardarnagar police station against Neetu De and Raju Kaliyo. She alleged that Neetu De asked her to stop seeking alms in the area.Territory wars among eunuchs have spread to various areas in the city and the complaints seem to have been filed in retaliation,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128666", "title": "Hundreds of fish found dead in reservoir; health hazard ruled out", "text": "NASHIK: Hundreds of fish were found dead in the Bara Bangla reservoir which used to supply drinking water to the Igatpuri municipal council. The authorities have, however, ruled out a health hazard since the water in the reservoir was dead stock and drinking water is now supplied from the Talegaon reservoir.The dead fish surfaced in the Bara Bangla reservoir, where the water has reached its lowest ebb, recently. Though the stench was unbearable for many nearby residents, some locals found a fishing opportunity in the leftover stock.An Igatpuri municipal council source said there was no cause for worry as far as drinking water was concerned-especially when water supply from the reservoir had been terminated. \"It is only dead stock there. Though the reason for the death of fishes has not been established, there is nothing to worry about as the water is not for drinking purposes,\" the official said.Despite the water not being in circulation, it was all the more important for people and animals in the vicinity-especially given the situation that has gripped Nashik district this year.\"We have heard about it. The water is not in use. No doubt the death of fish is very sensitive, we will look into the details on Monday,\" officials from the health and revenue departments said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13128285", "title": "Monsoon works under way", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Sanquelim Municipal Council (SMC) has undertaken pre-monsoon works in all 10 wards at the cost of 3 lakh. SMC chairperson Riyaz Khan said the council has undertaken this development at their own will in order to avoid any kind of hardships during the monsoons.The works includes cleaning of gutters on either side of the road, gutter repairs, road repairs, cleanliness move of play ground and other allied works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "13131499", "title": "Forging ties", "text": "DELHI: On a two-day visit to Delhi, Australia's minister for Immigration and Citizenship, Chris Bowen MP admitted that migration aids build ties between Australia and India. Bowen met a number of senior Indian ministers including P Chidambaram, union minister for home affairs and Kapil Sibal , union minister for Human Resource Development at the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) on May 2. The focus included migration opportunities between India and Australia and shared interests in promoting greater regional cooperation regarding border management.Addressing senior Indian and Australian business representatives, government officials and media at FICCI, Bowen said, \"Our [Australia and India] interests are converging like never before. This is being driven by trade complementarities, rising investments, common geo strategic outlooks and closer multilateral cooperation. It is also driven by significant business relationships, rich people-to-people links and a common heritage that will continue to bring our two countries closer together.\"He added, \"Education presents one of the most valuable opportunities for both countries to lay the foundation for an enduring partnership. It presents enormous opportunities to deepen collaboration between institutions across the education and training sectors, business and industry, and our governments.\"As of June 2010, there were 340600 India-born people living in Australia, equivalent to 5.7 per cent of Australia's overseas born population. However Bowen revealed that the \"2011-12 figures to date show India is the largest source of permanent migrants to Australia, ahead of both the UK and China.\"Bowen also emphasised on the value Australia placed upon the participation of Indian students in Australia's student visa program and higher education sector. He provided an update on the recent changes made to Australia's student visa program emerging from the Knight Review, and highlighted the benefits to Indian applicants under the improved streamlined visa arrangements.Bowen is scheduled to visit Vayalar Ravi , India's minister for Overseas Indian Affairs to take forward shared interests concerning the welfare of Indian nationals in Australia and progress discussions regarding a mobility partnership on people movements between the two countries.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13122593", "title": "Double podium for Rajini in Doha", "text": "CHENNAI: National bike racing champion K Rajini had an outstanding weekend at Losail International Circuit in Doha, finishing third in both the races of the sixth round of the Qatar International Road Racing Championship on Sunday.Riding a Yamaha R6 in the Supersport 600cc category, Rajini qualified second on the grid for Race 1 which was held in the night on Saturday. He made a superb start to take the lead but towards the end of the race Rajini lost pace due to worn out tyres and couldn't get enough out of his machine.\"I made a really good start to lead the race for almost eight laps,\" said Rajini.\"But unfortunately my bike's tyre started giving up but pushed really hard to maintain the lead but I couldn't maintain the pace and started sliding but my only goal was to finish the race and ended up a comfortable third to get on to the podium,\" he added.The race was won by Doni Tata Pradita of Indonesia while Deepak Ravikumar and Rohit Giri, the other two Indians on the grid, finished fourth and seventh respectively.The second race, on Sunday, saw Rajini making a great start before he was forced to run wide and out of the track by a fellow rider. He rejoined and made up a few places to finish third. Giri finished fifth in the race while Deepak was forced to retire due to mechanical issues with his bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13127411", "title": "Gir lion on MP website, Gujarat upset", "text": "Neighbour Using Big Cat To Sell Kuno Palpur SanctuaryAHMEDABAD: A lioness staring into the lens with a stately gaze. This one photograph on the Madhya Pradesh (MP) Tourism department's website to sell the Kuno Palpur Sanctuary has upset government officials in Gujarat - the only home of the Asiatic lion in the world at present.MP Tourism has started selling the Kuno Palpur as an alternative site for the wild cats even as the two neighbouring states fight a legal battle in the Supreme Court over shifting some lions from the Gir sanctuary.While MP is desperately seeking lions, Gujarat is steadfastly holding on to them, not ready to share the `Khusboo Gujarat Ki' mascot with anyone.Is conserving the lion really MP's aim as it claimed in the Supreme Court, or does it simply want to bring in more tourists by adding another juicy attraction? This is a question many in Gujarat are asking.Talk of some lions being shifted started again last week when the Supreme Court stayed the implementation of the cheetah reintroduction programme by the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) in Kuno Palpur.The text on the MP website is carefully worded. \"Kuno has been selected as an alternate home for the endangered Asiatic lion, which is now confined only to the Gir National Park and Sanctuary of Gujarat,\" the site says. \"The area (Kuno Palpur) is a historical range of Asiatic lions.\"A senior Gujarat government official alleged that MP's lion reintroduction plan had a clear commercial angle - attract more tourists. He alleged that tourism within Kuno Palpur already existed and once the lions were shifted, the number of tourists would only go up.Lions vs TigersIn its bid to sell Kuno Palpur sanctuary as an alternative site for lions, the Madhya Pradesh tourism department website takes note of Gujarat's objection that there are tigers in the area. \"There is very little evidence of tiger in the area,\" the MP site states. In that case, MP needs to correct the information on its forest department website, which sells Kuno Palpur as a tourist attraction and states that there are tigers in the area, along with other animals. The two big cats are sworn enemies and lions, flourishing in Gir, are unlikely to survive a territorial struggle with tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127190", "title": "CRPF woman found dead, had bullet wounds", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old woman constable posted at a CRPF camp in Dwarka area of southwest Delhi was found dead with bullet injuries in her stomach while on duty on early Sunday, police said.The deceased was identified as Siuli Patra, a resident of 24 Parganas in West Bengal. Police said that prima facie it appeared to be a case of suicidee and that they were investigating the matter. No suicide note was recoveredfrom the spot. The cause of she taking the extreme step is not yet known but sources said that Patra was upset over her transfer. Addl CP southwest, A K Ojha, said, all angles were being probed.The incident came to light around 4am when another female constable reached the watch tower of 88-Battalion, where she was posted in order to exchange duties. \"Patra was assigned duty from 2am to 4am and she was found lying in a pool of blood by her% colleague She raised alarm and informed the officials after which she was rushed to the hospital where she was declared brought dead,\" said a senior police officer.Police said Patra had sustained a bullet injury in her stomach. The bullet was that of her self loading rifle (SLR)and she was in possession of 40 cartridges and two magazines. The impact of the bullet tore apart her stomach and passed through the wallsubsequently, police said. The police have informed her relatives who are in Bengal and have rushed to the capital after receiving the news. Patra was unmarried and living alone here, police said Police said that she was originally posted with 135 Battalion of CRPF based in Vikaspuri area of west Delhi. However, she was moved to the 88-Battalion later.\"The exact time of the incident is not known. It must have happened in between 2 am and 4 am when she was on duty. The post mortem has been conducted and the body will be handed over to the family for last rites. The police are investigating to find out if any foul play was there in place,\" an official said.A case has been registered regarding the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127133", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action committee wary of pro-Telangana vote split in Parkal byelection", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action committee (T-JAC) might be forced to ultimately come up with a consensus candidate for the Parkal Assembly bypoll with neither BJP nor TRS willing to relinquish the battle in favour of either one of them.The T-JAC has made it clear that it is in favour of a scenario wherein it is either the BJP or TRS contesting the Parkal seat since competition between these two pro-Telangana parties is only likely to benefit a third party, maybe YSR Congress, in the lone Assembly constituency facing bypolls in the region. However, with neither party paying any heed to the T-JAC's views in the matter, the alliance might be forced to put forward a name which is acceptable to both BJP and TRS as a consensus candidate.\"We are still saying that there should be one candidate, from either the BJP or TRS. That is our stand. They (the two parties) have to understand that the fight for personal gains can only shatter the very dream of a separate Telangana state. We are still trying to drive the point home but if that yields no results, the search for an alternative route would begin,\" said T-JAC chairman, M Kodandaram.But the chairman refused to say much more about fielding a neutral candidate. \"T-JAC is not a political outfit and it is never interested in venturing into electoral politics. But the present situation is something that threatens to shake the very base of the movement. So, we will hold discussions to find a way out,\" he said.While TRS boycotted the meeting convened on Saturday by T-JAC, BJP stormed out midway through the discussion. Sources in TRS said that the party brass was miffed with T-JAC over the latter's perceived partiality towards BJP even when the saffron party was trying to introduce a communal element in the Telangana movement.\"It was clear from its campaign for the Mahbubnagar bypoll that BJP's politics is divisive. It wants to keep Muslims out of the Telangana movement and is instilling hatred in the society. The T-JAC could have advised BJP against doing this; instead, it is lending moral support to it by keeping mum,\" said a TRS leader.The saffron party leaders, for their part, are propagating that only a national party of BJP's stature can realise the dream of a separate Telangana.\"It is obvious that separate statehood can only be achieved by a party that has a strong presence at the national level. People know BJP is the only national party that can bring in a separate Telangana Bill,\" said G Kishan Reddy, the BJP state president.Launching a blistering broadside against the saffron party, TRS's Shravan Dasoju described the BJP's move as being akin to blackmail. \"It amounts to saying that the separate Telangana state would only be possible if one voted for BJP, that is blackmail,\" Dasoju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127390", "title": "Biker gangs on prowl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With rising instances of chain-snatchers using motorcycles, the word \"bike\" has become synonymous to crime in city.Simmi, 21, of Sector 35 was heading towards her house when two youths on a motorcycle sped away after snatching her purse containing Rs 2,000, two ATM cards and other valuables, near Income Tax Colony in Sector 36, on Saturday night.Four days back, on May 9, a wife of retired Army official, Lt Col (Retd) R S Grewal, had faced similar situation near her house when two motorcyclists escaped after snatching her gold chain in Sector 35.Numerous such incidents over the year have made \"bike\" a byword for crime and risk in the city. From petty snatchers to robbers, and burglars, criminals now use bikes to strike and get away quickly. And with the passing of the evening rush hour, important roads especially in southern division on Madhya Marg, near Sector 22 etc, transform into easy course for committing crimes on motorbikes.But instead of cracking down on these snatchers using motorcycles, Chandigarh Police seems to be content with prosecuting the motorcyclists for routine violations, such as not carrying documents, not wearing helmets, among others.This year, in a total 34 snatchings out of 47, snatchers were on motorcycles, and in other cases, some pedestrians and four-wheelers were also involved. Ironically, Chandigarh Police have cracked only 19 cases of snatchings after arresting seven snatchers during the last five months, but police department has challaned a total 450 motorcyclists for driving without a helmet, without documents and for other minor offences.Sudhir Malhotra of Sector 28 said, \"The motive behind the challan drive against motorcyclists is only earning the revenue, but city residents are insecure and can not move freely on the city roads in the presence of biker monsters, those commit snatchings, robberies on motorcycles.Last year, a total 110 snatchings and 30 robberies were committed by motorcyclists and Chandigarh Police have cracked only 65 cases out of these - leaving 21 robberies out of 30 still untraceable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13133359", "title": "2G case: Telcos under I-T scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh trouble for telecom giants, income-tax department has initiated a post-2008 probe into the finances, investments and returns of all those 122 2G spectrum licence benefactors whose authorisations were scrapped by the Supreme Court recently.These 122 licences, granted during the time of former telecom minister A Raja, were cancelled by the apex court on the ground that they were issued in a \"totally arbitrary and unconstitutional\" manner.In its 2G probe case status report, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) last week had informed the Supreme Court that it has begun to scrutinise the tax statements and multi-billion investments of these telecom firms on the directions of Central Vigilance Commission (CVC), CVwhich is vetting the investigation reports of the department along with ED and CBI, the two other agencies probing the 2G spectrum case.The CVC, during a meeting last month with a team of CBDT officials , had asked them and the I-T department to focus and probe all those telecom firms who were granted 122 licences during Raja's tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129053", "title": "Passport to new age skills", "text": "An international education is an effective way to acquire global skills. Pratibha Jain and Karan Gupta, Education Times overseas counsellors, on how to choose a country that suits your requirementsPratibha JainThe 21Century requires global perspectives with ability to work seamlessly with people from diverse backgrounds . International education is an effective way to acquire skills that are essential if one wants to be a part of global teams. Universities in every corner of the globe welcome Indian students as they add a different perspective to a class.In a new trend, students are opting for unconventional programmes like fashion styling, film-making , script writing, acting, music production, adventure sports, production design, environmental sciences, sustainable energy, culinary arts and games development, among others.Netherlands, for instance, is offering several courses in water management, while France offers an array of luxury brand management programmes. Universities in Germany are making waves with their research initiatives in modern transport engineering, biosciences and energy solutions. Caribbean and Russian colleges, on the other hand, are emerging as destinations for medical studies. Sports and allied fields, including sports psychology, sports physiotherapy and sports nutrition, are niche areas in Australian colleges, while marine engineering and marine sciences are on offer at coastal universities (Florida, California, Hawaii, Philippines, Southampton and Gold Coast).If you have suddenly woken up to find out that application deadlines are over, do not panic. There are many universities in the US, Canada, Australia, Singapore and New Zealand who have 'rolling admissions,' which means they will continue to accept applications till they have seats, right up to the end of June for the session starting in Fall 2012. In fact, a large number of universities in each country have multiple intakes throughout the year - in January, May and September - making it convenient for students to apply.UK's common application process, UCAS, is open for international students till June 30, for entry to most degree programmes in September 2012.Also, several universities are using technology to conduct online courses, which carry full credit for students who decide to skip a semester. Even a year's credits may be earned through these various online courses and Advanced Placement programme, making it possible for students to join universities a little later in the academic cycle.Karan GuptaDespite high costs of an American education, with an average tuition fee of $30,000 (approx) per year, US still remains a popular choice with Indian students. One of the reasons is the flexibility the universities offer in terms of creating your own programme at the UG level. In the US, you can apply for a major called 'undecided' and after two years of taking classes in various streams, you can declare a specific major. The earliest intake that students can try for is January 2013. For admissions, students will need SAT and TOEFL scores. The popular courses at the UG-level include computer science, engineering, business management and liberal arts. You can consider applying for a course in medicine, dentistry or even marketing in the UK. For automobile engineering, Germany offers several options. And for design and luxury brand management, take a look at colleges in Italy and France.For admissions, you are likely to need TOEFL or IELTS. The degrees are generally of three years' duration (medical/health-related courses are of longer duration with additional entrance criteria) and your fee will be around \u00a315,000 per-annum . For hotel management, Australia is a good option with the main intake in February. There is an option overseas for every requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13128453", "title": "Online summer classes at DAV School", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With many firsts to its credit, the DAV School Bistupur has launched online summer classes for its students this year. All that students have to do is generate their e-mail account and log in to the website, www.davbistupur.org.The studies will focus on math and science and cater to students from standard VI to X. Students will be given a course module, which they will have to solve on the net itself. \"The summer school will help students understand various ways of solving course module questions in a smooth and easy manner,\" said principal, Pragya Singh. To begin with, the students will be explained in detail the course merits. After the four-week period, they will have to pay Rs 500 for admission. During, the four-week vacation period, parents can accompany their children to the school.A teacher, who is part of the panel that designed this programme, said, \"Solving the papers of math, physics and chemistry using a formula is one thing. But, if the student learns 13 different concepts of solving module problems then he or she will never face problems in solving module papers.\" Student will be given test papers to assess their skills. And subsequently, a micro concept report card will be made available to parents who wish to know about the performance of their wards. Parents will have to pay Rs 900 to secure a card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13133632", "title": "Soon, a smartphone app to diagnose illness", "text": "LONDON: Coming soon: An \"electronic nose\" application for smartphones which could help doctors diagnose an illness by analysing a person's breath, say scientists.A team at the California Institute of Technology , led by chemistry professor Nate Lewis, is trialling the technology what they call \"sensory vapour technology\" which could detect odours like the human nose.The aim is to manufacture a smartphone attachment that works when used in conjunction with an \" electronic nose app\", the 'Daily Mail' reported.The scientists hope their research will result in an affordable, easy-to-carry detection system, ideally an advanced smart phone application.Team member Heather McCaig said: \"A doctor could carry around their smartphone and have patients breathe into a little attachment and be able to tell they have a communicable disease like tuberculosis.\"You wouldn't need to send samples off to a lab, you would immediately be able to start treatment. This would have a huge impact on people's lives.\"The detection system works by pushing a stream of air through a liquid, such as butanol, which results in bubbles that come up as a saturated vapour. This is then diluted and fed to a sensor chamber where the vapour is analysed and turned into raw data, say the scientists.From this data the scientists are able to work out the chemicals contained in the initial stream of \"air\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127410", "title": "Son kills mother on the eve of Mother's Day, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A man has strangulated to death his mother at Hathonia village in Pratapgarh district following a prolonged family feud over property.The incident took place on the eve of Mother's Day on Saturday when the accused, Daya Ram (35), picked up a fight with his mother Gulaabi Bai (65) over the latter's decision to transfer property in the name of her elder son.\"When Daya Ram's father died some months ago, his elder brother had paid for all the expenses in the post death ceremonies. Thus, the mother Gulaabi Bai for whom the affection was more for the elder son, had recently transferred the registration papers of the house to the elder son. This was the reason of dispute since the younger son Daya Ram was annoyed with all this,\" said Bhanwar Singh, station house officer, Hathonia police station on Sunday.While both were into a heated exchange of words, the accused sat for boozing. \"At 9 pm, when he was in an inebriated condition, he strangulated his mother to death,\" Singh added.Soon after, the people in the neighbourhood who were already hearing their loud conversation, heard a screaming voice and expecting the worst, they entered the house of the elderly lady. After seeing her lying on the floor, police and doctors were informed.\"We took her to the hospital where she was declared brought dead. Since the accused was under an inebriated condition he did not attempt to flee and was arrested by our team,\" Singh added.Daya Ram has a seven-year old son and the villagers are trying to ensure that he is taken care well since Daya Ram's wife had died two years ago.On Sunday, Daya Ram was brought to the funeral ceremony of his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133707", "title": "Kasthooriraja Speaks On 3 Controversy", "text": "Close on the heels of Telugu distributor Natty Kumar's allegation that he suffered huge loss releasing 3's Telugu version, Kasthooriraja, who produced the movie on behalf of his RK Productions, says, 'Natty Kumar has cheated me'.Addressing media persons, Kasthooriraja, said, ' on behalf of RK Production, we sold the Telugu rights of the movie 3 to Natty Kumar in Andhra Pradesh for a sum of Rs 4.35 crore'.'Natty Kumar paid us Rs 2.55 crore and the cheques that he gave for balance amount bounced. Repeated requests to get the balance have fallen on deaf ears'.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131068", "title": "Rajneesh is flying high after Dangerous Ishhq", "text": "Rajneesh Duggal is on a high! His performance in Dangerous Ishhq has been appreciated. Interestingly this was the first time that the actor play four different characters and speaking four different languages. And it was quite a challenge for the Duggal to do that role.Rajneesh says, \"The response has been positive and of course I am glad for that. People are particulary talking about the character of the 1947 era. I really worked hard to play that role. I learnt to manoeuvre the lathi and worked on the Punjabi accent. It was not easy mouth the typical Punjabi style of speaking style. But I succeeded at it.\"Rajneesh adds, \"Thankfully, all the hard work has paid off. I am looking forward to start shooting for the next two films. They should hit the floors soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126545", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India breaks barrier to make monuments disabled-friendly", "text": "PUNE: Monuments like Aga Khan palace, Shaniwarwada, and Raigad fort will be among the first to have ramps, wheelchairs and information boards in Braille. They will become barrier-free allowing the disabled to access them, according to an Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) plan.The effort includes nine ticketed heritage structures in the Mumbai circle, an ASI official said. Audio-guide tours, a recorded spoken commentary about the history, art and architecture of the monument through a handheld device for the visually impaired have been proposed for monuments including Ajanta and Ellora in Aurangabad, a senior ASI official from Delhi, said.Ramps and accessible toilets for the differently abled have already been provided in the Ellora caves, a World Heritage Monument. \"Ramps for easy access to Persons with Disabilities (PwD) have been built outside caves 16, 5 and 29 of Ellora caves. A separate toilet block for PwDs, with a ramp outside has also been constructed,\" an official from ASI's Aurangabad circle said.A site management plan for Ajanta and Ellora is currently being drafted by consultants. \"Pamphlets describing the monument will be printed in Braille for Ajanta, Ellora and other monuments in Aurangabad. Accessible toilet blocks, signages and guidebooks in Braille for monuments have been proposed,\" the official added.Another official from the ASI's Aurangabad circle said that since Ajanta caves are on a high terrain with undulating surface and ramps were not possible. \"We have a 'doli' system here for the differently abled as well as accessible toilets. Audio-guide tours will also happen,\" he said.A site management plan currently being prepared by different ASI circles in the country, has an elaborate section on 'pedestrian access', making the major areas of a monument easily accessible to all persons, including the differently abled.ASI's Mumbai circle has already constructed a ramp outside the main Elephanta Caves off Mumbai. \"The information board bearing the monument's description is also in Braille.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129068", "title": "Dare to care", "text": "Unicef and the Delhi Daredevils extended the 'Dare to Care' to the digital space by launching www.d2c.in that will allow their fan base including all cricket lovers to pledge their support to the campaign through a Cheer-O-Meter that aims to mobilise millions to speak out for equal opportunities for girls. Players of the Delhi Daredevils will sport blue ribbons for the cause.\"Through this campaign, Delhi Daredevils invokes everyone to wake up and start caring for the girls in your family,\" said Virender Sehwag , captain, Delhi Daredevils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133463", "title": "Meet Mercury's Android-based iXA Tab 7", "text": "Mercury iXA Tab 7 is a budget tablet and weighs under 350 grams and comes with a 7-inch resistive touchscreen (800 x 480 pixels).Under the hood is a 1Ghz processor, 512MB RAM, 4GB storage (expandable up to 32GB using a microSD card) and it runs Android 2.3 with access to the Google Play app store.Other features include Wi-Fi , front VGA camera and dual miniUSB ports (one for data transfers from PC and the other to connect USB flash drives/3G USB dongle).It comes with a 1450mAh battery that should last about two hours. Bookings for the tablet will open from May 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128855", "title": "Welfare cards fail to reach migrant labourers", "text": "Kochi: Counting the heads of migrant labourers seems to be a cumbersome task for labour department. With migrant labourers continuing to quit jobs quite often, the labour department, which had undertaken a drive to issue labour welfare cards, is unable to trace their identity.The issue of proper identification becomes more difficult with many criminals coming to Kerala after securing fake ID cards from their home states.\"Usually, migrant labourers who come to Kerala stay in the state for about nine months. Then they return home and each one brings at least 10 more people to the state during the next visit,\" said A S Sasiprakash, deputy labour commissioner in Kochi.\"Usually, they first camp at Palakkad and find jobs at some factories there. After a few months' stay there, these labourers flock to Aluva to get employed with any construction firms or plywood factories in Perumbavoor. Then they move on to rice mills in Kalady and Angamaly areas. So, the employers are hesitant to enter their names in the column of employer in Migrant Labourer Welfare Fund application,'' he said.\"Due to this difficulty, we have been able to enroll only 12,000 members in the Migrant Labour Welfare Fund scheme so far,\" he said.Tracing the identity of migrant labourers in the unorganized sector is another issue. \"In many parts of Ernakulam district, migrant labourers constitute the main chunk of agriculture and unskilled labour force. They take up menial jobs and shift from one area to another every now and then,\" Sasiprakash said.\"There were instances when they brought fake ID cards. They get fake ID cards by paying just Rs 500. So, it is very difficult for us to trace their real identity and issue the cards,\" he said.Though several rounds of meeting were held to find a solution to the issue, the authorities are still groping in the dark.Police and health department had planned to create a data of migrant labourers considering the growing number of legal and health issues involving these labourers. But their efforts also didn't yield results.The issue of proper identification becomes more difficult with many criminals coming to Kerala after securing fake ID cards from their home states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128480", "title": "Maldives president Waheed looks to India to repair floundering economy", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Maldives remains one of India's closest friends,\" said Mohamed Waheed Hassan, president of the island nation, who took over power after a controversial resignation by Mohamed Nasheed in February. In his first visit to India, Waheed, who met the Indian leadership, said he had sought, and received commitment of India's continued support to Maldives and its stability. With Nasheed having given his point of view to Indians only a few weeks ago, Waheed's visit is intended to put forward the views of the current government, the state of its economy and the way forward, as he tries to rebuild a fractured policy and weakened economy.In a conversation with TOI, Waheed said, \"I have requested cooperation to help us craft better economic policies. I have also asked for support for Maldives' tight budgetary situation and I have been assured by PM, Manmohan Singh that Maldives will receive this support.\"Waheed said Maldives was embarking on an ambitious programme to attract both Indian tourists and Indian investment, especially in tourism and IT.\"We need job creation programmes to improve the socio-economic condition of the youth in Maldives. We have increasing drug problems among the youth. A section of the population is also turning to conservative Islam. That has been a concern to India. This issue kept coming up in my meetings in India.\"However, the biggest Indian investment in Maldives __ a GMR-built international airport in Maldives appears to have run into problems which might affect investor sentiment in the country. Waheed said, \"There are some issues that need to be resolved. We're in talks with the company. One of the difficulties is that when the contract was signed, some of the issues that should have been cleared through parliament, like the airport tax, were not cleared. We can always take this to parliament after it returns from recess. I am confident this will be resolved amicably.\"GMR representatives said they would like the present government to honour the sovereign commitment made by Nasheed's government. Business and government officials said they would be watching closely to see how the GMR issue was resolved in Maldives.Politically, though, Waheed said, his priority would be to complete the commission of inquiry that has been set up to investigate the events leading up to the dramatic developments of February 7. \"The commission of inquiry will investigate events starting from Jan 14 to Feb 8 and how the events unfolded which led to the resignation of President Nasheed. We have had no cooperation from Nasheed. I will make this report public\"Is he a cutout for former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom ? \"That perception is unfortunate. I was elected in 2008 as the first vice president, on the same ticket with Nasheed. Together we won that election. My mandate started then. I don't have to rely on President Gayoom. I am grateful that his party supports me. His party is one among six other parties and they have a proportional place in the cabinet. Together our coalition has the majority in parliament, but we are different parties with competing agendas. We are together because circumstances require us to work together to stabilize the situation in Maldives and move towards elections next year.\" Could he hold elections earlier than 2013, like Nasheed wants him to?\"Our constitution specifies exactly when elections will be held. We have a republic day, 11 November, when the government changes. In between, if the president is not able to function, the vice president has to be sworn in. That's how it happened. The only way you can force an election is if both president and vice-president resign together. Then the Speaker takes over and holds elections within a few months. Nasheed is trying to force that situation but the reality of the situation is this: The Speaker right now is from another party as well. Some parties are ready for elections but many are not. Politically, such a move would be destabilising. It will require a constitution amendment to make a change in the tenure of office. Without elections, whoever is elected now can stay only until the end of the current term. You have to have another election in 2013 anyway.\"Is Maldives stable? Waheed said, \"Within two weeks of taking up office, I have handed over TV, newspaper, and radio to an autonomous body created by parliament for our own public television. Today government doesn't own any media for the first time in our history. When the rest of the world was thinking Maldives was going to pieces, not a single school was closed, no government department was closed, the airport was functioning normally.\"Waheed's main aim is to rejuvenate the Maldives economy, by plugging into India. \"We want to attract Indian tourists. Our biggest market is China which sends over 250,000 tourists to Maldives. India doesn't send a fraction of that. We need India to be present in Maldives. We need direct flights from India. We will promote Maldives tourism in northern India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13128412", "title": "Cops certain of solving Velim murder", "text": "MARGAO: While no arrests have been made yet regarding the murder of a 65-year-old woman from Velim, Linda Andrade, the Cuncolim police have stated that they have made significant headway in the case and that they are inching closer to solving the case within a few days time.\"We have got some leads in the case and have identified one suspect and are examining the evidence gathered,\" said Margao DySP Mohan Naik, while speaking to TOI on Sunday. Naik further stated that there were injuries on the face, mouth and neck of the deceased and that there was a nasal bone fracture, while the death was due to ligature strangulation.Police sources said that the accused could have used a table fan chord and that they were still looking at all angles.Police sources added they suspect that while the burglary was taking place, the deceased tried to stop him from committing the burglary and that's when the accused attacked the deceased. Police sources added that the lady was not naked and that her legs were tied and a nylon rope had been found near the bed.\"The murder and burglary took place between 3pm and 5 pm when the other family members of the deceased were not at home,\" added Naik. Naik added that the gold ornaments were burgled and that the statements of the witnesses had been recorded and the suspect had been interrogated. Police sources stated that Linda's husband Cajetan and grandson had gone to Navelim on an errand and returned at around 5 pm.Cuncolim police headed by PI Raju Raut Dessai are carrying out further investigations. Cuncolim police had registered a case of murder and theft against unknown persons .The relatives of the family are demanding a thorough and detailed probe and that the accused be immediately nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126359", "title": "Civic works worth Rs 813 cr awaits nod", "text": "PUNE: Civic works and projects in Pimpri-Chinchwad that could not be started over the last six months because of the election code of conduct and the municipal elections are likely to begin soon. The PCMC has sought approval for the works from the general body for an expenditure of over Rs 813 crore.The general body is expected to meet on May 19.The works include building pathways , road repairs, development of gardens and laying of storm water drains.The expenditure for each of the civic works is over Rs 50 lakh, civic officials said.The municipal elections were held in February 2012, but the state government had issued instructions that the outgoing general body should not take any policy decisions. The civic administration also could not table its draft budget at the standing committee meeting before March 13, when the new civic body came into existence.Since there was a delay in the constitution of the standing committee, the municipal commissioner's budget came into force on April 1.The civic administration had decided that civic works where each project costs less than Rs 50 lakh should be tabled before the law committee for approval and works where each project costs over Rs 50 lakh were to be tabled before the civic general body.The civic proposal before the general body states, \"The municipal commissioner has prepared the draft budget of 2012-13 and the revised budget of 2011-12. The budget for projects under the JNNURM has also been prepared. The implementation of the budget has already begunSo the projects, each with an expenditure of more than Rs 50 lakh, are being tabled for approval before the general body.\" The civic projects of all the four zones have been included in the proposal.V T Bhosale, chief accounts officer, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, said, \"The civic administration will be able to invite bids for allotment of contracts of these projects after it gets the approval of the general body. The actual implementation of the projects will start after the allotment of the contracts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128795", "title": "'Love Birds' blends video with live acting nicely", "text": "NAGPUR: For the theatre lovers of the city, 'Love Birds' was gripping watch this weekend. Written and directed by Girish Joshi and presented by Aurum Entertainment Pvt. Ltd, the suspense thriller kept the audiences captivated. In terms of production value the play, which has had more than 140 shows over the last five years, has definitely raised the bar.A cast drawn from television serials and high levels of technical excellence combined to make the story with its several twists and turns, a polished act. 'Love Birds' deals with the life of the protagonist, Vishwas Inamdar who suffers a memory loss after a gruesome road accident. Three months later when he returns home and gets back to work he begins to discover himself afresh and learns some bitter truths about himself and his apparently loving wife Devika.With the help of his secretary Surpiya and a detective, Mr Sane, who fronts as a seller of pets, he tries to put together the confusing puzzle of his life before the accident. A new twist to the play at every turn, each character providing a new angle makes for an intriguing story. The play is a perfect mix of live acting and portions which have been shot on video to maintain the continuity.So, if Inamdar is calling someone on phone, the screen kept at the centre of the stage livens up with the shots of the guy answering the phone at the other end. To keep the continuity there are shots of Devika getting out of a car on the screen before she enters on the stage. Use of lapel mikes given an exceptional sound quality to the play.What lends sheen to the play is fine acting by the cast. Aniket Vishwasrao as Vishwas puts up a fine act as he plays out the part of a man coping with so many troubles. Amruta Subhash keeps the suspense alive with her ambiguous expressions and quietly lives the part of an over indulgent wife. But, it is Girish Salvi as detective Sane who adds a depth to his character. He looks, walks and talks the part giving his character multiple dimensions which keep the viewer guessing.More than the fine acting the characters are required to be in absolute synch with the sounds and the video shootings which intersperse the play throughout. Entries and exits on stage, taking up calls, punching numbers on the cell or even disconnecting a call are all fine tuned to match the sound or sight and a proof of the many rehearsals that the cast has been put through before the staging of the play. Director Joshi's knack for blending technology with histrionics is what made the over two-hour play such a delightful watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13132697", "title": "Samsung unveils new Windows phone, Omnia M", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung has unveiled its latest Windows Phone, Omnia M. Samsung Omnia M comes with a 4 inch Super AMOLED display, is powered by a 1 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor coupled with 384 MB RAM.It has a 5 megapixel rear camera, and an additional front-facing VGA camera for video chat. The battery is 1500 mAH. On storage front, Samsung Omnia M offers 4 GB internal space.Omnia M sports ChatOn messenger and Samsung AllShare which allows users to play films, games, or any other media directly on a TV.Additionally the device will get 25GB of free storage on Microsoft SkyDrive and will also include the mobile version of Microsoft Office .Samsung has not revealed the launch date for the phone, it has, however, said Omnia M will first ship to Europe and then to the rest of the world.According to reports, the phone is likely to be priced around Rs 11,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127269", "title": "Two youths drown in city", "text": "INDORE: Two youths drowned in a pond in Piplyahana here on Sunday. The victims had gone for a picnic with their friends when the incident took place. The area falls under Bhanwarkuan police jurisdiction.The deceased were identified as Ankit, 18, son of Suresh, and Wasim, 22, son of Gayur Ahmad. Both are the resident of Morai Mohalla, Chhavani.Police said the incident took place at around 2 pm when the duo had gone to the pond to take bath. They were accompanied by Ashish , Raja, Satyam and Deepak. Ankit and Wasim entered a deeper zone while taking bath and did not come out for at least an hour. Sensing trouble, their friends informed the police.The police, along with divers and fire tenders, reached the spot. They fished out the bodies of the victims after a few minutes' struggle.The police have sent the bodies to district hospital for the post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131224", "title": "Hindu-Muslim divide real: Ishaqzaade director", "text": "Sickened by the violence in his own film that ensues when a Muslim girl falls in love with a Hindu boy, Habib Faisal has decided to take a long break.Says the discernibly upset director, \"I'm an extremely non-violent person. I knew there was a lot of aggression and violence in Ishaqzaade. I knew we had shot a lot of violent scenes. It's one thing to shoot them. To watch them is quite another. When I watched my two beloved characters encounter such violence my stomach churned. Such was the nature of the subject. You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs. And the sooner we stop trying the better.\"To solve the problem of the communal divide Habib Faisal feels we first need to address the issue openly, which our movies fail to do by and large. Smirks Habib, \"In that cast we might as well make government-sponsored DAVP (Directorate Of Advertising &amp; Visual Publicity) short-films.\"In Ishaqzaade the unabashed treatment of Hindu-Muslim relations has taken audiences by surprise. Never before have we seen characters from the two communities exchanging insults based on communal differences, so openly. In fact the Hindu hero Parma ( Arjun Kapoor) refers to the Muslim heroine Zoya ( Parineeti Chopra ) as a 'Mussalli'. Half way through the film he decides to marry the 'Musalli' firebrand. In a graphic love-making sequence in an abandoned train Kapoor and Chopra are shown indulging in serious real time kissing and making out.Director Habib Faisal admits he was apprehensive of how the censorboard would react. \"There's so much Ishaqzaade that we as movie makers and as a society in the larger context tend to sweep under the carpet. But if I as Muslim filmmaker shied away from addressing the issue headlong in attempting a Hindu-Muslim love story, then I think I'd have failed to convey what I had set out to. The censorbard was exceptionally tolerant. The love-making scene is not gratuitous. I shot it in a long single-shot scene. If the censors had asked me to cut I wouldn't have been able to,\" says Habib a day after the film's release.As for the boy addressing the girl as 'Mussalli' Habib says, \"In the beginning he means to rile her by calling her a 'Mussalli.' Later it becomes his term of endearment for her. Why are focusing on the names? The problem is very deep. Hindus don't even know how to greet Muslims so a social level . They wonder if they should say 'Salaam' or 'Namaste'. In my film when Zoya takes her lover Parma to her house he doesn't know how to greet Zoya's parents. The initiation of a dialogue between two cultures starts on the wrong note.\"Habib thinks it is unrealistic to think the divide between Hindu and Muslims doesn't exist. \"It does. And to say by addressing the palpable problems that arise when a Hindu boy falls in a love with a Muslim girl is according to me unrealistic. Look around. The Hindu-Muslim divide is everwhere. In a so-called metropolitan city housing societies do not allow Muslims or Hindus depending on which area you're house-hunting in. In fact I've witnessed more communal integrity in rural areas.\"As a Muslim Habib became conscious of how deep those differences were after the demolition of the Babri Masjid. \"These differences are normally swept under the carpet. I don't think that helps.The fact is, we have not really progressed intellectually in understanding let alone bridging the chasm between the progressive and regressive India. Just the other day a senior police officer in Bangalore publicly endorsed honour killing. Why does a couple belonging to two different cultures or communities have to meet suureptiiously in public places? I'll tell you why. Because every parent, no matter how progressive outwardly,throws a fit if his or her child brings a mate home. This is why I made the Muslim girl Zoya's family an educated relatively sophisticated bunch of people. I wanted to show, no matter how educated people still suffer from lethal prejudices about inter-communal alliances.\"What Habib didn't want to show was the small-town UP characters getting abusive in their spoken language. \"I knew I had the licence to let them get abusive. But I don't use abusive language in my speech and I'd be uncomfortable if my characters did the same. Besides I find the generous use of BCs and MCs in the films set in the North Indian heartland distracting. Audiences laugh and snigger when a character uses abuses. In this day and age of 'D.K Bose' my demurral on expletives is perhaps a little outdated. I'd rather be true to myself than trendy.\"Habib says he watched some Hindi classics about outcast lovers as preparation for directing Ishaqzaade. \"I saw Mujhe Jeene Do and Reshma Aur Shera. But it was Dharmputra made in 1961 where I found the issue of the Hindu-Muslim divide being so unabashedly delineated. Coincidentally it was the first film that Mr Yash Chopra directed. Today I've directed another film on the same theme for Mr Chopra's banner.\"Habib can't praise Aditya Chopra enough for giving him freedom to make the film he wanted. \"Not once did Adi question the hardhitting content and the dialogues. He left it all to me. I suppose it was my destiny. I wouldn't have wanted to make a film on the communal divide without addressing the issue directly.\"The director admits he had to work very hard on his two actors, \"Arjun Kapoor was put on a six-month trial period to see if he fits into the part of Parma.To his credit he kept at it until he got it right. As for Parinati I had to take her native 'punjaabiyat' out of her and make her this Uttar Pradesh his mussalman ladki Zoya. I was lucky with my actors. Except for Gauhar Khan I wanted no known faces in the supporting cast. I stuck to my guns.\"As did the gun-toting characters of Ishaqzaade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13131805", "title": "Social media growth to fall in India: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may be embracing latest technologies like mobility and cloud, but factors like privacy concerns and cultural fabric could restrain social media growth in the country as compared to other nations, a report by research firm Gartner today said.The report suggests that four significant forces that will shape businesses during the next five years are IT, mobile, cloud and social media.These pivotal technologies include the explosive use of media tablets, mobile applications, context-aware computing, Internet, analytics and in-memory computing (IMC), it added.\"India is poised to become one of the world's biggest consumer economies in the coming five years. By 2014, it is expected to have more than one billion mobile subscribers and will also see significant roll-out of new IT infrastructure in both public and private sectors,\" Gartner Research VP Rakesh Kumar said.The youthful, increasingly well-educated and technically sophisticated population will drive the adoption of new technologies in the country, he said.However, the use of social media during the next five years may be at lower levels in India compared with other countries.\"Although it's easy to see how social media could grow rapidly during the next few years, privacy concerns and the cultural fabric of the country may suggest otherwise,\" Kumar said.India with over 25 million users is one of the major markets for social networking site Facebook. Apart from Google's Orkut and professional networking site LinkedIn, there are smaller networking sites operating too.Companies, especially in sectors like FMCG, consumer durables, auto and telecom are leveraging social media to connect with consumers to get feedback.\"This will lead to a further engagement of brands with customers and helps the economy as well,\" he said.Besides, India has gained a substantial position for application development, maintenance, support and innovation globally and the same now needs to be used domestically.\"A sense of entrepreneurship is embedded into the Indian psyche which is beginning to lead to startups exploring areas such as pattern mapping. What will now be important is that the same is deployed in the domestic market as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13128420", "title": "Sal-leaf dishes make way for plastic ones", "text": "GUMLA: Disposable plastic items are fast replacing hand-stitched sal leaf dishes and bowls for which the district was once famous across the undivided Bihar. Even in rural areas, people prefer using plastic dishes, bowls, glass and tea cups now to old-fashioned leaf items.Covered with a long range of deciduous forests of sal, the district's forest dwellers pluck leaves to make pattal (leaf plate), dona (leaf bowl) and sell in the weekly bazaars. \"Even today, they are engaged in selling these items but its market is fast diminishing with opening of shops full of disposable items,\" said local trader R N Sahu. \"People of distant districts in Bihar also took these traditional plates and bowls from Gumla bazaar through relatives,\" he recalled. But slowly, plastic items started entering the households, especially during marriage and others occasions. Demand of disposable items is increasing day after day as the people now like them more than traditionally manufactured leaf-made items, said a wholesaler of disposable articles. Even grocery and other shopkeepers store them for sale, he added.\"There is a separate place within the town's weekly bazaar place of Tuesday and Saturday and villagers reach there to buy pattal and dona but now the its market has shrunk,\" said Mahendra Oraon, a villager. With forest greenery is not so profound, prices of leaf-made dishes and bowls have gone up now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127873", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Special CBI prosecutor arrives in Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Special CBI prosecutor Ejaz Khan arrived in Jodhpur on Sunday to be a part of the trial of Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, which is scheduled to commence in the court of ACJM (SC/ST cases) from Monday.On reaching Jodhpur he met senior public prosecutor (CBI) from Jodhpur Shyam Singh Yadav and senior special counsel (CBI) from Jodhpur Ashok Joshi. Khan has come here to prepare for the case a day before the trial.The CBI had appointed a panel of three lawyers for the trial of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case. The panel comprises senior public prosecutor (CBI) from Mumbai Ejaz Khan, senior public prosecutor (CBI) from Jodhpur Shyam Singh Yadav and senior special counsel (CBI) from Jodhpur Ashok Joshi. So far, Yadav and Joshi had been handling the case. But, now, special CBI prosecutor Ejaz Khan has also joined them. The decision on the names of the lawyers was taken in a meeting at the CBI headquarters in New Delhi on May 6.Khan has vast experience in tacking complicated and high profile cases. He has been associated with the CBI since 1992. Some of the cases in which he represented CBI are Soharabuddin encounter case, Tulsi Prajapati encounter case, Adarsh scam, Purulia arms dropping case and the abduction and murder case of Meerut university lecturer Kavita Rani. All these cases were sensational and some of the most talked about cases not only in India but also in other parts of the world. Another member of the three-member panel is Yadav. He has been representing the CBI for the past 15 years. He represented the CBI in the Jugta Ram castration case of Barmer leading to conviction of the four accused in 1994. The third member of the panel is Joshi, who is a criminal lawyer. However, he is not as experienced as the other two as he has recently been appointed as senior special counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13130793", "title": "Statistical highlights of Kings XI Punjab-Deccan Chargers IPL match", "text": "MOHALI: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Kings XI Punjab and Deccan Chargers on Sunday:# Shikhar Dhawan and Cameron White shared a stand of 96 for the third wicket - Deccan Chargers' highest against Punjab in the IPL.# Piyush Chawla (15 at 23.06) and Parvinder Awana (12 at 24.83) and Azhar Mahmood (10 at 24.40) have claimed 10 or more wickets for Punjab in the present competition.# Mandeep Singh has managed 387 runs at an average of 29.76 in 13 matches - the most by a batsman for Punjab this year in the IPL.# David Hussey (65 not out off 35 balls) recorded his second fifty in the present tournament - his fourth in the IPL.# Kings XI Punjab (194/6) recorded their highest total in the present tournament, outstripping the 170/5 against Deccan Chargers at Hyderabad on May 8.# Punjab's score is their highest against Deccan, surpassing the 178/4 at Mohali on May 23, 2008.# Punjab's above total is the third highest successful chase in the present competition, next only to the 208/5 by Chennai against Bangalore at Chennai on April 12 and 197/5 by Rajasthan against Deccan at Jaipur on April 17.# Deccan Chargers (190/4) recorded their second highest total against Punjab, behind the 198/2 at Dharamsala on May 21, 2011.# Cameron White's runs' tally of 477 (ave. 53.00) in 11 games is the third highest by a Deccan player in an IPL season, next only to Shikhar Dhawan (538 in 2012) and Adam Gilchrist (495 in 2009).# White has registered 20 sixes, equalling Kevin Pietersen's tally. Only Chris Gayle (43) has recorded more sixes than White and Pietersen in the present competition.# Hussey has aggregated 344 (ave.34.40) runs in 12 innings - the second highest tally for Kings XI Punjab in the IPL 5.# Hussey, with 4614 runs at an average of 32.04 in 184 matches, including a hundred and 26 fifties, is the top run-getter in the history of Twenty20.# Punjab have won seven and lost three games out of 10 played against Deccan Chargers in the IPL.# Deccan Chargers have become the second side after Pune Warriors to lose 11 games in the present competition.# Kings XI Punjab have won seven and lost six out of 13 played in the present tournament.# Shikhar Dhawan (538 runs at an average of 44.83 in 13 matches) has become the third player to manage 500 runs or more in the present competition, joining Chris Gayle (572) and Ajinkya Rahane (541).# Dhawan is the first Deccan player to amass 500 runs or more in an IPL season, surpassing Adam Gilchrist's tally of 495 runs at an average of 30.93 in 16 matches in 2009.# Chris Gayle (7), Cameron White, Shikhar Dhawan, Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag have recorded five fifties or more in the IPL 5.# In the course of his 71, Dhawan completed his 2,000 runs in Twenty20, totalling 2011 (ave.31.42) in 74 matches. His run-aggregate includes 16 half-centuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127223", "title": "Switch to landline to avoid radiation problems: Experts", "text": "INDORE: The increased use of cellphones may lead to health hazards. This is because mobile phones use lectromagnetic radiation in the microwave range. Experts have a piece of advice-- use more landline phones in case you are in habit of talking for long to avoid radiation-related problems.Specific absorption rate (SAR) standard which is acceptable power radiation for cell phones must not exceed 1.6 W/KG. The lower the SAR, the better the phone and lesser health risk, feel experts.Talking to ToI, Sandeep Narula, managing director, International Accreditation Veritas, said from July 1, it would be mandatory for all cellphone manufacturers to put their product's SAR value on the cellphone and inform about the same to the department of telecommunications (DoT). There is already one such regulation in existence, but it is not mandatory at the moment, said Narula.Radiation is another area of concern for cellphone users. When radiation hits the head, it penetrates the skull. The younger the child the deeper the penetration due to the fact their skulls are thinner and their brains contain more fluid than adults'.Experts suggest ways for using mobile set to avoid health-related problem. The choice of phone and the manner in which it is used also determine ways control level of radiation you are exposed to, says a document prepared by L&T; on the issue.Wireless Planning Commission (WPC) controls the wireless applications in the country. But the problem is it doesn't have its own standards and it considers Federal Communications Commission (FCC) test reports for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13130857", "title": "Sadananda Gowda ready for polls, if situation remains unresolved", "text": "MANGALORE: Indicating that he was not inimical for seeking a fresh mandate, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has hit back at the BS Yeddyurappa camp saying that if situation reaches irresolvable levels, he will be forced to apprise the central leadership that seeking afresh mandate would be better option than continuing in this situation.But, Gowda asserted the situation as of now has not reached that level that election was seen as an option. ``This type of situation had arisen earlier too. When I was the state party president it had precipitated to worse levels. We resolved it and we came back. I hope we will be able to resolve the issue with the guidance of the Central leadership,'' he said.He admitted the party was ridden with severe turbulence. ``I need not elaborate on this aspect. Only if we are unable to resolve all these problems we will have no choice but to seek people's mandate again,'' he observed. At the same breath, CM noted that people did not expect this kind of behavior from a party like BJP . ``Not only people, the party workers are also disillusioned with us. People gave us the mandate to rule the state for five years and our first duty is to see that we do so,'' he told TOI.\"Each and every party has gone through situations like this. This situation arises when individuals are power hungry clouding their better judgment,'' CM observed. \"When there is a feeling that each is on his own trip and things will not get resolved, we will have to take a call on seeking a fresh mandate. When that situation arises I will duly apprise the central leadership that the situation is impossible to be resolved and I think it is better to go to the people and find new leadership in the party,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13134250", "title": "IOA seeks PM's intervention to host SAG as scheduled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association has sought Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention and support to host the South Asian Games (SAG) early next year as was scheduled originally.The IOA's plea to the Prime Minister comes in the wake of South Asian Olympic Council's (SAOC) decision to shift the Games to Kathmandu , Nepal if they are not held as scheduled in Delhi early next year.SAOC's decision was in response to reports that the SAG is likely to be deferred to the latter half of 2014.\"The rescheduling of the Games is not possible because if we don't host the Games in January/February next year, they will be shifted to Kathmandu, Nepal,\" IOA acting President Vijay Kumar Malhotra said in a letter to the Prime Minister.\"The Executive Committee of South Asian Olympic Council, in its meeting has decided that in case Games are not held in India in 2013, they will be allotted to Kathmandu,\" he further wrote.The Sports Ministry and the IOA had been at loggerheads over the exact dates for staging the regional Games in India. While the Sports Ministry wants to defer it till the second half of 2014, the IOA insists it should be held as per schedule in January 2013.\"We don't have this leeway to shift or defer the Games and then hold it when Sports Ministry gives its clearance. Once these are moved out of the country it will be difficult for India to conduct them in the near future, given the rotational basis on which Games are allotted,\" the letter said.\"It will be a big embarrassment for India and its sporting fraternity if the Games are moved to another country. India is a leading member of the SAARC and it has certain obligation towards this regional organisation. Not holding the Games early next year, will weaken our position in the SAARC.\"\"SAG, earlier called South Asian Federation (SAF) Games, are part of the SAARC charter according to which Games have to be rotated among the member countries. Now is India's turn,\" the letter added.Malhotra also stressed that the IOA did not make any bid and SAG was allotted to India on the basis of the rotation system.\"In my earlier letter to you I had made it clear the IOA did not make any bid for these Games. They were allotted to us because of the rotation system. Last edition of the Games was held in Bangladesh . Maldives, Sri Lanka and Pakistan have also hosted it,\" wrote Malhotra.\"The Sports ministry was fully aware of the dates of the Games. It was not a sudden development, Delhi Government was also kept informed about it and its consent was received.\"The reasons put forth by the Sports Ministry for seeking deferment of the Games are flimsy and contradictory and are not convincing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur ", "code": "13128753", "title": "Decentralize power to end corruption: Hazare", "text": "CHANDRAPUR : Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare stressed on decentralization of power, claiming that centralized government rule has increased corruption.Addressing a public rally at Police Football ground in Chandrapur on Saturday evening, Anna said, \"The power has been centralized at the secretariat, where handful of representatives decide over the fate of massive population. Representatives sent by people to Lok Sabha and state assembly, have assumed the role of masters and treat the people as servants. Hence, there is need of decentralization of power, because only the decisions taken by common people can bring an end to corruption.\"He exhorted the people to teach a lesson to Congress-led government at Centre for betraying the people over Jan Lokpal Bill. \"This government appears incapable of brining strong Lokpal Bill. Parliamentary elections are round the corner and if government fails to bring Lokpal Bill, then it must go. I will travel across the country to make the people aware about strong Lokpal,\" he said.Anna sought peoples' support in his crusade. \"Be ready for an epic struggle, thousands should court arrest and stay in the jails, unless government passes the Lokpal Bill,\" he said.Earlier while interacting with reporters Anna strongly denied of contesting any election. \"I will never contest any election, but will readily go to canvass of any candidate having clean character,\" he said.He attributed the failures of government to its coalition nature. \"Our state government belongs to two parties. These parties fight with each other only to show the people. When it comes to making money, both are on the same side and have no quarrels,\" he said.He claimed, \"163 MPs in parliament are tainted. 14 ministers in the union government are tainted. We have sent them letters seeking explanation. If they fail to clarify, I will once again take up an agitation in Delhi for their removal.\"Replying to a query he denied of harbouring any dream to become the President. \"There are so many problems in the country, one Anna Hazare is not enough to solve them. Country needs many Anna Hazares. Righteous people have to step forward to assume the role,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "as far as fads go, the infatuation with mumbai 'icons' on everything from clothes to home furnishings has lasted a long time. the mania even subverted the notion of kitsch", "code": "13127543", "title": "No more kitsch kitsch", "text": "As far as fads go, the infatuation with Mumbai 'icons' on everything from clothes to home furnishings has lasted a long time. The mania even subverted the notion of kitsch: a 'kitschy' object was no longer something cheap but, rather, quirky and fashionable. However, for those beginning to smart from the pastiche of BEST buses, vada paos and autos on T-shirts and stationery, coasters with the Gateway of India on them or cushion covers embellished with dabbawalas, there's a clutch of new stores that offers some visual relief.A number of design and design-related stores have opened in the city in the past year, all of them fiercely contemporary. Filter at Kala Ghoda was started in December 2011 by ad agency Alok Nanda and Company (ANC). As white as an art gallery, Filter stocks all sorts of objects. There are 'exercise books' illustrated with graphics of Shakespeare lifting dumbbells and doing push-ups, postcards with old advertisements, water in sculpted bottles and Indian Stretchable Time watches that are marked '12ish', '3ish' and so on. The dominant colours in the store are black and white. \"Alok's (Nanda, the head of ANC) got a sense of minimalism so we thought we'd take that through,\" says Ajoy Advani, a senior creative partner at ANC and the store's creative director. The motive for the store, he adds, is to give the agency's designers an outlet for their creativity. Filter also invites young designers whose sensibilities match ANC's to display their work at the store. \"It's called Filter because it's stuff we curate,\" Advani says.Earlier this month, industrial designer Ajay Shah converted a part of his office under the Mahalaxmi flyover into Everyday Project, a store at which he sells his designs as well as products imported from foreign design companies such as Holland's Droog and Anything and Kyouei from Japan. Stencilled in bold black capitals in his office is Shah's motto: 'As little design as possible'. This is evident in his spartan furniture. Shah, who designs furniture for retail outlets and food courts, offers monochromatic tables and chairs in materials such as sheet metal and fibreglass, geometric lamps and stationery by Rubberband, a popular brand of notebooks that he founded four years ago. \"Our design has no frills, no embellishments,\" Shah says. \"It's about using material the way it's meant to be used. I love fun so that's where the colour comes in. Nothing is beige.\"Pranav Upasani, architect and owner of Art And Design Bookstore in Colaba, says that he sees \"a great deal of movement towards design-oriented stuff. There's a need for these kinds of places as there are hardly any good design stores in the city.\" Upasani converted a small section of his office into a bookshop in July last year, as he felt there wasn't enough literature on design available in the city. His cubicle-sized store sells titles on topics from furniture and interiors to automobiles and product design. Upasani says that since he's not motivated by profit, he's free to import the books, magazines and journals he finds interesting rather than ones he thinks would sell. \"We don't have the inclination to read good design magazines,\" he says. \"Reading them will initiate a big change in the way designers work and think because they connect you with the work people are doing across the world.\"According to Shah, this minor burst of design outlets signals a desire among professionals to reinvent Indian design. \"In India, most design means something that is ethnic,\" he says. \"But there's a small group that's trying to bring forth a new design approach, to make design more contemporary.\"Divya Thakur, a well-known graphic designer, says, \"I definitely see design from contemporary India finally finding a voice and not simply echoing the visual language leftover from the British Raj-that is, that of kitsch.\" In June 2011, Thakur opened a store in Colaba named after her label, Design Temple. The store largely sells home accessories, including old favourites such as her 'Cheer-haran' toilet paper which is imprinted with Duryodhana's fist pulling Draupadi's endless sari. \"Our work at Design Temple is obsessed with being contemporary, that is, belonging to the world, and yet being as true as possible to our origin and points of inspiration,\" says Thakur. \"I believe this is in sync with the sentiments of modern India.\"A clutch of new stores is taking contemporary Indian design in fresh directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127951", "title": "National Rural Health Mission contractor denies role in CMOs murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: Civil contractor Ram Kumar Verma, whose 48-hour remand ended on Sunday, refused to accept his involvement in the murders of CMOs family welfare Dr VK Arya or Dr BP Singh before the Central Bureau of Investigation sleuths.Verma, however, reportedly admitted knowing the two arrested shooters, Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma. The admission came when Verma was confronted with the call details records between him and the two shooters.In fact, both Anand and Vinod had either worked for or with Verma, sources confirmed. However, Verma continued to deny his role in the murders of two CMOs.The interrogation of various individuals over past few days has led CBI to search for a few more shooters, who could be involved in the murder of Dr Arya.Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets on October 27, 2010, in Vikasnagar while his successor Dr BP Singh was also shot dead in a similar manner on April 2, 2011, in Gomtinagar.CBI had arrested former CMO Dr AK Shukla on May 6 for conspiring to kill Dr Arya. Dr Shukla was also taken on two-day remand beginning May 10. According to CBI sources, Dr Shukla was also brought face to face with RK Verma, where the former CMO refused to recognise Verma. But, Verma continued to maintain that Shukla and he knew each other. He also told the CBI of having met Dr Shukla many times in connection with NRHM related construction works.Sources said the CBI has come across some concrete evidence against Dr AK Shukla and former health minister Anant Misra. CBI is also planning to take Dr Shukla on remand again for further grilling, sources added.The investigating agency is likely to move a remand application request on Monday, sources said.Sources added that if the remand is allowed, then CBI would bring a few more persons before Dr Shukla to cross-check some details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129233", "title": "Heavy rush at train ticket reservation counters", "text": "KANPUR: Serpentine queues can be seen at the ticket reservation counters as the summer season is at its peak. With summer vacations in schools to start soon, the people are eager to get reservations for visiting hilly places in June. At present, there is no reservation in the trains going towards tourist destinations. Many passengers favour Tatkal ticket, hoping to get a confirmed berth in the train.At present all the ticket counters at the city side of the Kanpur Central railway station are witnessing rush of passengers. There is a need of opening more such counters to meet the passenger rush. People of all ages and even women are reaching at ticket booking counters. On Saturday, the women queue stretched long since morning till afternoon. The queue of senior citizens also witnessed rush as several elderly people stood in the queue to get the tickets booked.People had a tough time on the hot summer day. Youth prefer online system of booking tickets but for buying current ticket they have to come and stand in the queue.The touts are taking advantage of the situation. People are seeking the help of touts in getting confirmed tickets. Even touts are finding it tough to arrange tickets.The demand for confirmed seat is coming up in trains like Link Express, Mahabodhi, Seemanchal Express, Purshottam Exp, Muri express, Shatabdis, Rajdhanis and all Delhi bound trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13126969", "title": "State govt wakes up to Andhra Pradesh workers\u2019 plight in Angola", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the wake of reports of 1,200 Indian workers, including 300 from the state, being denied pay by an international company in Angola and living in inhospitable conditions, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday directed chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi to take up the workers' issue with the Union ministry of external affairs. The construction workers were reportedly fired upon for demanding wages on May 9. The chief minister said all steps would be taken to protect Indians.Meanwhile, Indian workers are living in a state of fear after Angolan police started rounding them up for protesting against their employer when the latter did not pay their salaries. According to the stranded Indian workers of a cement plant near Sumbe town, their expenses for February and March were not paid by contractor ETA Star International LLC though the company was remitting basic pay in their bank accounts. The workers were recruited in India for construction of a cement factory. The workers took to the streets of Sumbe town on May 9 and after the protests turned violent, the local police, who took charge of the situation, reportedly opened fire, forcing protesters to scurry into nearby forests. The cops then began identifying protesters through video grabs and started picking them up. Some workers from the state spoke to TOI requesting anonymity as they feared reprisal, either by their employer or police.A worker from Srikakulam district said that their living conditions in the camp have become inhospitable after the firing incident. \"We are slowly being starved as ETA Star officials are feeding us inadequately. We have not been working for a month, but cannot even leave the country as our passports are with our employer. The company officials have asked us to cough up US$ 1,200 to secure our release, but we do not even have money to make phone calls,\" he said.The workers claimed 15 people from the state have been arrested until now, but were unaware as to where the detainees were taken. Three people from the camp were picked up on Sunday, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127302", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation ties up with postal department for delivery of water bills", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has turned to the department of posts to get its water bills delivered to 1.76 lakh consumers in the city. The decision has been taken after repeated complaints about non-delivery of bills by residents.Earlier, water bills were delivered by a private company, but the IMC received several complaints regarding non-receipt of bills, which adversely affected the revenue of the civic body. Water works in charge Sapna Chouhan said thousands of consumers out of 1.76 lakh do not pay water bill on the premise that they do not receive the bill on time. She informed that though they had hired a private company for distribution of bills, the complaints have not stopped. Finally they decided to engage the postal department for the job.Leader of opposition in IMC, Abhay Verma, said the private company charged the civic body Rs 2.50 per bill. The courier company, however, did not discharge their duty properly and people had to bear the brunt. Several people had to pay penalty and late fee due to company's fault. He stressed that the courier company did not deliver bills. The IMC officials informed that the civic body will now pay Rs 4 per bill to the postal department, Rs 1.50 more than what they used to pay to the courier company. The delivery of water bills will cost the IMC around Rs 28 lakh per annum. Earlier, the civic body used to spend around Rs 17 lakh per annum for the delivery of water bills. However, the officials believe that the increase in the cost of bills' delivery would not financially affect the civic body much as they are expecting that the move will also increase their revenue.He said in 2011-12, the IMC earned around Rs 42 crore from water bills alone and they are expecting more than Rs 50 crore in the current fiscal from the segment. To achieve the higher revenue, the civic body had already started the drive to recover pending dues.Currently, a drive is being carried out at Khajarana area and every day the IMC recovers around Rs 1 lakh. Nearly 100 water connections have been disconnected in last five days for non-payment of dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13126823", "title": "Private companies to manage fire-fighting in Gurgaon soon", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon will soon have the country's first privately run fire-fighting facilities. Real estate giant DLF has announced that it will be setting up two fire brigades of its own in the city - one in Cyber City and the other in DLF phase V.The fire stations will be run by qualified and licensed staff members selected by the developer and both the facilities will be equipped with 90-metre-high hydraulic lifts, having an altitude range more than double of what Gurgaon's fire department can currently manage. DLF is setting up a similar fire station in Chennai.\"Some of our buildings in Gurgaon are 90 metre high, and we have acquired the best hydraulic lifts available for the job,\" said S K Dheri, fire safety chief at DLF.The hydraulic lifts have been imported from Finland - the only country in the world manufacturing lifts this high - and cost around Rs 10 crore each.Dheri said that Gurgaon fire department's current altitude range is only 40 metre.\"There was a need to provide better safety for our clients and that is why we went ahead with this project. Also, we didn't know how long will the state's fire department take to acquire such sophisticated equipment,\" added Dheri.Both the facilities will be operational 24/7, and employ a staff of around 40 qualified firemen and fire-officers as per the government guidelines.According to Akash Ohri, director, DLF Golf Resort, the new fire stations will 'augment' rather than 'replace' the existing fire apparatus.\"Anywhere in the world, private developers have their own infrastructure. Here it wasn't allowed till some time back, so no one got into it,\" he said.Ohri said that the new private brigades, when required, will by all means assist the government tenders. \"In cases of emergency, and on call, we will surely help the city's fire department. This is the first step towards private public partnership towards safety infrastructure in the city and the country,\" said Ohri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128663", "title": "Rice smugglers held, Andhra Pradesh bus seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Smuggling ration rice from Tamil Nadu to other states via lorries or vans and even trains is passe. In a first ever such incident, an Andhra Pradesh government-owned bus was impounded by the civil supplies CID police here on Saturday night for having attempting to smuggle out about 2 tons of ration rice. No passenger was allowed to travel in the bus, which was on a regular inter-state sortie, by the crew.The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation bus bearing registration number (AP28 Z 5739) was used by a gang of five women, with the connivance of the bus driver, to sneak out 40 bags each containing 50 kg rice. The consignment was meant for a PDS shop near Red Hills.The driver did not stop the bus anywhere in the city and also switched off the lights inside the bus to in order not to attract the attention of the public to the empty bus. Acting on a tip-off, police intercepted the bus near toll plaza.Police then arrested the smugglers identified as Thilaga (35), Radha (35), Venu (42), Koteeswari Dhanammal (48) and Guruammal (60) and driver Venkateshwaralu. The women did not possess any documents for legal transportation of PDS rice. \"During the course of interrogations, the women confessed to have procured the rice from residents in Red Hills, Pamathukulam, Padianalur and Mondiamman Nagar. They would later sell the rice bags to Dhananjayalu alias Ramesh of Silakalur,\" said inspector K R Ukkirapandian.\"Thilaga and Radha have criminal antecedents. We had booked a case last month against them when they smuggled rice on the same route. Interrogations with the driver revealed that he had only 15 working days in a month and the rest of days he had helped smuggle rice to AP to make extra money,\" said a police official.The driver charged Rs 100 as bus fare from these five women, besides charging Rs 60 for each bag and Rs 12 towards luggage charges for each bag, he added.In the last four months, Chennai unit of the Civil supplies CID seized 57 tonnes of rice and confiscated four lorries, 8 cars, 5 Tata Ace vehicle, 3 autorickshaws, 1 Bolero, 4 mini vans, 14 motorcycles and arrested 191 persons involved in smuggling. In the month of May alone the unit had confiscated three lorries and a car. Earlier this month, police foiled a smuggling bid in a bus near Red Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13131543", "title": "IPL 5: Resurgent Kings XI Punjab take on cautious Delhi Daredevils", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rejuvenated Kings XI Punjab will be aiming to keep their play-off hopes alive when they take on table-toppers Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League match on Tuesday.While Delhi, with 18 points from 13 games, are favourites to make it to the play-offs, Kings XI, who have of late won a few close games, would like to win their remaining three games in order to stay in contention having logged 14 points so far.The two teams have had contrasting results in their previous matches. While Delhi were completely outplayed by Chennai Super Kings after their top-order flopped miserably, KXIP eked out a victory off the last ball courtesy some lusty shots by stand-in-captain David Hussey and young Gurkeerat Singh Ahluwalia.The Daredevils have been mostly dependent on their top-order batsmen to fire. Inevitably when skipper Virender Sehwag or David Warner have failed to provide momentum, the home team has looked pretty ordinary as the middle-order batsmen are yet to stand-up and be counted.Yogesh Nagar and Y Venugopal Rao got the ideal platform to prove their detractors that they too have the firepower but what one saw was a meek effort.While the Chepauk track played its part, but on the same pitch, the likes of Murali Vijay and Suresh Raina made batting look so easy. Which again brings raises the question, does Delhi middle-order lack quality?However, the Ferozeshah Kotla track would be better for stroke-players who like the ball coming onto the bat.As far as the bowling is concerned, it will again depend on how well Morne Morkel bowls his opening spell. But Daredevils might not go for a four-pronged pace-attack like they did in Chennai.Having both Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron in the squad means that Delhi won't be short on pace but certainly the attack will be a bit one-dimensional.It can be expected that either Pawan Negi or Shahbaz Nadeem - both of whom have done well -- will be back in the playing XI. While Warner, Mahela Jayawardene and Morkel are automatic choices, it remains to be seen whether Andre Russell or Ross Taylor make a comeback in place of Roloef van der Merwe.The KXIP side bears a settled a look despite the fact that regular skipper Adam Gilchrist hasn't made a comeback since he got injured. Hussey hasn't done a bad job and Gilchrist will expect that his bunch of pretenders pull off another upset.A big factor can be KXIP's bowler of the season Parvinder Awana. The second highest wicket-taker of the last domestic season knows the Kotla track like the back of his hand and his inputs will certainly help his team.Also the presence of Azhar Mahmood has changed the complexion of the side as the veteran all-rounder has given it the much-needed balance.Teams (from):Delhi Daredevils: Virender Sehwag (Capt.), Kevin Pietersen , Mahela Jayawardene, Ajit Agarkar , Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav, Puneet Bisht, Robin Bist , Naman Ojha (wk), Shahbaz Nadeem, Venugopal Rao, Vikas Mishra , Yogesh Nagar, Zafir Patel, Sunny Gupta, Tejashwi Yadav , Aavishkar Salvi , Kuldeep Raval, Manpreet Juneja, Pawan Negi, Prashant Naik, Aaron Finch , Andre Russell, Doug Bracewell, Glenn Maxwell, Gulam Bodi, Morne Morkel, Roelf van der Merwe.Kings XI Punjab: Adam Gilchrist (Capt.), David Hussey, Bipul Sharma, Paras Dogra, Harmeet Singh , Siddharth Chitnis, Love Ablish , Piyush Chawla, Amit Yadav, Parvinder Awana, Azhar Mahmood, Bhargav Bhatt, Ryan Harris , Vikramjeet Malik , Paul Valthaty , Sunny Singh , Shalabh Srivastava , Rajagopal Sathish, Nitin Saini , Nathan Rimmington , Abhishek Nayar, David Miller , Mandeep Singh , James Faulkner , Praveen Kumar , Shaun Marsh , Dimitri Mascarenhas, Ramesh Powar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "13126922", "title": "Six CISF men among seven killed in Naxal ambush", "text": "Raipur: Seven persons, including six jawans of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), were killed tonight in an ambush by Naxals in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district.The jawans, including a head constable and five constables, were on patrol duty guarding the National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) facility in Kirandul when armed Naxals ambushed them with heavy gunfire at around 0930 PM.\"Six CISF men and a civilian driver have been killed. Additional forces have been rushed to the spot,\" Chhattisgarh ADGP (anti-naxal operations) Ram Nivas said.He said that an unknown number of jawans are reportedly injured in the ambush and are being rescued from the spot.The jawans, onboard a Bolero vehicle being driven by a civilian driver, were killed after a brief retaliation. The security personnel were outnumbered.The Kirandul-Bacheli mines of the NMDC in the jungles of Dantewada are a Naxal hotbed and frequent clashes between the naxals and the security forces are regular in the area.Official sources said that five AK-47 rifles, one INSAS gun and a large quantity of ammunition belonging to the CISF were looted by the Naxals after they killed the jawans.Senior officials at CISF headquarters in Delhi and at Raipur said they were trying to ascertain details of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13128131", "title": "Working for people a reward in itself, says nurse", "text": "KEONJHAR: \"I have always worked from a humanitarian point of view and performed my duty with dedication. Working for people is my greatest reward. I never thought I would get a national award. My dedication to work has helped me achieve it. I am very happy with the recognition. It will encourage other health department staff,\" said 50-year-old Udasi Sahoo, the female health worker who has bagged the prestigious National Florence Nightingale Award for excellence in nursing profession.Posted at Childa health sub-centre under Turumunga primary health center (PHC) in Keonjhar's Patna block, Udasi is a specialist in treating pregnant women. They come to her from more than 50 nearby villages for delivery, as they have a strong faith in her. She takes care of them from the first month of pregnancy to post delivery period.Udasi said she had come to know about the award from higher health official, and then read about it in different newspapers. She will receive the award from President Prativa Patil at the Rashtrapati Bhawan on International Nurses' day on May 12.\"The award will be a recognition for her outstanding performance in nursing profession. She has conducted more than 300 institutional deliveries in the last one year and was able to identify and handle 34 high risk pregnancies. More than 10 neonatal lives have been saved by her,\" official sources said.Dr Dharmapada Das Mohapatra of Turumunga PHC said, \"It is a proud moment for all of us, as Udasi has bagged a national award. She deserves the award because she works extremely hard for poor patients. She has also carried out several risky pregnancy cases and succeeded. This has not only reduced infant death rate in the area, but also has become an example for others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128745", "title": "Building plan approvals in extended areas remain offline", "text": "CHENNAI: D Shankar is on his third visit to the Sholinganallur corporation office on Rajiv Gandhi Salai to find out if the building plan for his house has been approved.\"After a lot of persistence, the licence surveyor visited the plot on Thursday. He had verbally told us that the plan was fine, but the approval has not yet come on paper. I want to know what is going on,\" he says.Like Shankar, thousands of residents in the newly extended areas of the corporation are queuing up at the new corporation offices to get their building plans approved manually because the online system of approval has not yet been extended to the eight zones.In the period between December 19, 2011 and April 27, 2012, the corporation has received 4,406 applications from the extended areas alone, of which only 1,628 have been approved.Civic officials say the delay is because the licence surveyors in the extended areas are yet to be trained in autocad and the process of uploading a building drawing online and entering other document details. \"Training has begun in many zones. It should be completed in most zones in a month or so,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. The corporation is also working on increasing their main server's capacity to handle the huge increase in applications. The server used to receive just 8,000 plans annually before the corporation's limits extended from 174 sq km to 426 sq km. Since the eight zones were added, the corporation has received nearly 7,460 applications in just four months - close to what it usually receives a year.Engineers and surveyors in extended areas point to an issue beyond e-governance. They say most layouts in extended areas are not approved, which is a primary requirement for the approval of the building plan. \"The layout has to be approved. Without that the procedure is really long. This is occurs more in Sholinganallur and Ambattur than in North Chennai or Mogappair,\" said a zone official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13129447", "title": "RTE is for the poor, but many parents still unaware of act", "text": "Mysore: Though Right to Education (RTE) Act might turn to be helpful for people from the economically weaker section as their children will be entitled to free education from Class I to VIII, many poor people are still unaware of the act.Lakshmama, 45, wife of Chikkanna, wants to provide education to her six-year-old daughter Bhavani but due to poverty she has been struggling to get admission in a good school. When TOI visited her house, situated at Medhar Block (a slum) in Bamboo Bazaar, Lakshmama said she don't know anything about RTE. When she was informed about facilities available under RTE quota she was extremely happy and she said, \"No one informed me about this act and if some officers or some teachers tell me how to get admission in a private school through RTE quota it would be very useful.\"Lakshmama says she wants to educate her daughter so that she can get a dignified job. \"My husband is a labourer and I am a heart patient. We know what poverty is and I don't want my daughter to become a labourer like us.\" \"But why isn't the government informing the poor if they have introduced the RTE quota?\" Lakshmama wondered.Mala, a homemaker, finds it tough to get both her sons admitted in a good school. She said, \"I'm residing in Bangalore with my labourer husband. I had to let my son live with my parents in Mysore since I cannot afford education for both of them in Bangalore.\"She said her parents will be taking care of her eight-year-old-son Harsha in Mysore. When asked about RTE, she said she had no clue about it. \"In the past few days I visited four private schools in the city to get my son Harsha admitted, but none of the schools informed me about RTE. All they did was demand an admission fee of Rs 8, 000,\" said Mala.Deputy director of public instructions department BK Basavaraju said schools have to provide 25% admissions under RTE quota. An awareness programme about RTE has already been conducted across the district for teachers. \"The department is planning to conduct an awareness programme for the public soon,\" he said.NGO Rural Literacy and Health Programme (RLHP) conducting street plays in different rural areas of the district, creating awareness about RTE. RLHP founder Joy Maliekal said, \"Since May 25 is the last date to apply for admissions in schools under RTE quota, RLHP will conduct door-to-door campaign to create awareness as many poor people are unaware about the act.\"RLHP has organized a seminar on RTE Act at Govardhan Hotel on Monday at 11am. Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights member Niranjan Aradhya will speak about the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13134471", "title": "Sarita upsets world champion in Olympic berth quest", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's L Sarita Devi (60kg) stunned defending champion and world number 2 Gulsum Tatar of Turkey to enter the pre-quarterfinals of the seventh World Women's Boxing Championships in Qinhuangdao, China on Monday and inch closer to qualifying for the London Olympics.Asian champion Sarita, who is competing in just her second international event after jumping two divisions, defeated Tatar 14-13 in a see-saw contest to continue her bid for one of the two Olympic slots, which are available for India in this division.Women's boxing is making Olympic debut in London in three weight divisions -- 51kg, 60kg and 75kg.The Manipuri, who became a lightweight 60kg boxer just a few months back, will now be up against England's Natasha Jonas, who defeated Switzerland's Sandra Bruegger 23-11.\"I have gained in confidence because this is a huge win for me. I maintained an attacking strategy and didn't allow her to settle into her counter-attacking game,\" Sarita said.\"This was the first time I was competing against her and I knew it would be tough because I am not known much in the 60kg division,\" she added.Sarita endured a draining bout with the scores being level in three rounds before she edged past Tutur, also a European champion, in the final two minutes.Tied 3-3 in the opening round, she kept up the pressure on her fancied opponent by making it 4-4 and 3-3 in the next four minutes.The Indian, who has changed her weight division five times since starting in the fly weight 51kg category, managed to nose ahead in the fourth and final round.\"My sole focus is getting an Olympic berth. I have put in so much hard work that God will have to listen. I am happy with today's win but not too happy, I will reserve that for the win which gets me an Olympic berth,\" said Sarita.In the non-Olympic weight categories, former world champion RL Jenny (81kg) also pulled off a thrilling win beating Germany's Sarah Scheurich 11-10.Jenny, competing in the last bout of the day, was down by a point in the opening round before equalising in the second.She got the decisive lead in the third round and managed to maintain it in the final two minutes to emerge triumphant.But there was disappointment for India with K Mandakini Chanu (57kg) losing 16-21 to world number one Tiara Brown in the second round.Chanu was not too adrift of her opponent in the opening two minutes, ending the first round at 2-3. She even managed to equalise by clinching the second round 5-4.The see-saw contest went in favour of Brown in the third round as she took a point's lead.In the final two minutes, the American was in command and clinched it 8-4 to register what seemed like a facile win from the overall scoreline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127819", "title": "'Save girl child\u2019 monogram to dot all govt letters in Jaisalmer'", "text": "JAIPUR: In a novel attempt to generate awareness on female feticide and sex selection, the official letters in Jaisalmer district would now bear a 'Save the girl child' monogram.District collector Shuchi Tyagi directed the government officials to ensure that any official correspondence through letters must bear the monogram. The collector issued directions to all offices including those of sarpanchs and gram sevaks in this regard.Tyagi also made it compulsory for women undergoing sonography to submit identity cards at the health centre, and said an order has been issued on May 11.The order also asked health centres and hospitals to get the Form F filled before conducting such tests, and attach the woman or her husband's identity card with the form. In case both don't have identity cards, the name of the woman's father or the village sarpanch has to be mentioned. The form should also have house address and contact number.Centres or hospitals failing to implement the directions would have to face strict action under violation of the PCPNDT Act.The collector further said she would request Jodhpur, Barmer and Gujarat's Palanpur district administration to make submission of identity cards mandatory at sonography centres.The rise in cases of female feticide in several villages in the district, especially those adjoining the Pakistan border, prompted the collector to take stringent steps. The administration has also identified villages where reportedly killing of female fetus is a rampant practice.The collector and SP also visited Devda village on Friday and conducted a workshop. The village is notorious for forcing women to abort female fetuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13128479", "title": "Cops beaten up in bid to stop child marriage", "text": "Malda: In a state where police inaction is frowned upon, police initiative in favour of a noble cause was rewarded with assault at a Malda village. Mob attacked three policemen after they tried to stall a child marriage at Gumaidanga village under Bamangola police station on Saturday. The cops were hospitalised and five persons were arrested in connection with the assault.Driven by poverty, Srikrishna Debnath, a vegetable seller by profession, decided to marry off his 14-year-old daughter Rupali. The girl, a Class-VIII student of the local Hiralal Girls' High School, was not happy with the decision. She made several attempts to persuade her father but to no avail.Locals, however, said some youths had been teasing Rupali off late. Thus, a concerned Debnath had decided on her marriage.Accordingly, her marriage was fixed to a resident of Nadia's Chapra. All arrangements had been made All arrangements had been made and the wedding was scheduled for May 12. But police who had prior information reached Debnath's house before the girl could be married off.While the cops were busy trying to convince the girl's father, the groom and his family fled the spot. But suddenly some of the villagers turned violent and attacked the policemen. They also ransacked the police van. Sub-inspector Subir Sarkar was hit on the head, while constable Dilip Das received an ear injury. Home guard Satish Sarkar was also severely injured.A huge force from Bamangola police station rushed to the spot to control the situation. Later at night, police raided the village and arrested six people, including gram panchayat member Priyalal Debnath and two minors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127790", "title": "Admissions to MU certificate courses to start today", "text": "Mumbai: Admissions for the next batch of the certificate course in Archaeology and the certificate course in Ancient Indian Arts and Sciences, held at the Centre for Extra Mural Studies, University of Mumbai (commencing July 1, 2012) will start from Monday.Those interested can contact CEMS, 2nd floor, Health Centre Building, University Campus, Kalina, Santacruz or call Dr KF Dalal on 9820136511.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13127276", "title": "Fan fury behind Junior NTR\u2019s U-turn?", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could amount to a tactical U-turn, Tollywood star Junior NTR has made an attempt to buy peace with Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leaders and cadres, driven by perhaps an anxiety over erosion in his fan base.Having kept mum for a few weeks after staunch aide and producer Vallabhaneni Vamsi met Jaganmohan Reddy to create a flutter within TDP circles, Junior NTR extended an olive branch to Chandrababu Naidu saying that it was his 'bounden duty' to support the party founded by his grandfather NT Rama Rao.According to sources, Junior NTR has been unnerved at how his fans, particularly in the Kamma-majority districts of Krishna and Guntur, have disowned him, going to the extent of removing flexis and banners from theatres screening his latest release 'Dammu'.Although, the film appeared to have opened strongly, on April 27, Vamsi's public hug with Jagan in the evening on the very same day changed equations among TDP cadre, putting the fans in a quandary. They waited for their hero to condemn Vamsi for hobnobbing with the rival camp, but there was not a word from Junior NTR.Soon, Junior NTR's uncle and hero Nandamuri Balakrishna entered the picture and told fans to forget that Junior NTR was a member of the Nandamuri family since he was consorting with the likes of Vamsi and those working against TDP. Sources said Balaiah threatened Junior NTR against staking any claim to the NTR legacy if he wanted to sail with opponents of TDP.With Balaiah's message coming loud and clear, fans started removing flexis, cut-outs and banners from theatres screening 'Dammu'. A film that was being tipped to be a big hit in its first three days, suddenly started getting branded as a flop following an aggressive SMS campaign undertaken by TDP activists (read Kamma youth).Gudivada legislator Kodali Venkateswara Rao (Nani), another Junior NTR supporter, was the distributor for the film in the coastal districts.Sources said that collections further dipped after the release of the Pawan Kalyan-starrer 'Gabbar Singh'. Realising that any weakening of his fan base among the Kammas could be foolish for his career, Junior NTR went for a tactical retreat. And, in an attempt to appease his fans, Junior NTR has even gone to the extent of saying that Vamsi, the producer of his 'Adurs', did not mean much to him. However, it remains to be seen whether Junior NTR's about-turn is received well by the Kamma youth and the actor's fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128448", "title": "Cops claim to have solved Ranchi murder case", "text": "RANCHI: A middle-aged homemaker has confessed to police that she had killed her brother-in-law with whom she had physical relation for 10 years as the youth got interested in her sister, police said.The confession Ganga Kachhap came a few days after Prakash Kachhap (30) alias Prem was hacked to death on April 18.\"He was in physical relationship with me ever since he was 20. Suddenly he got interested in my sister,\" said Ganga, who was arrested on Sunday. Police said Ganga had paid Rs 3 lakh to a local fixer Bahurathi Devi to arrange the killing. Six persons Rajesh Mahto, Umesh Mahto, Amar Mahto, Kalesh Mahto, Ganga Kachhap and Bahurathi Devi were also arrested on Sunday.The murder took place at Ganga's house in Satranjee locality in Tupudana where Prakash used to stay. The accused barged into the house where Prem was sleeping in the lawn and slit his throat with a traditional weapon.Even as Prem raised an alarm no one from inside the house came to his rescue.\"Ganga had offered dinner to the killers at her house on the night of April 18 before the murder,\" said SSP Saket Kumar Singh after the confession. Police have also recovered the sword used in the murder. Prem was warned of dire consequences days before he was murdered. \"After Prem had shown an interest in Ganga's sister John Kachhap, Ganga had aksed Prem to stay away from John,\" said SP (city) Ranjeet Prasad.The second twist in the story came when Bahurathi Devi (one of the arrested), a local leader, tried to fool police a week after the murder. \"She had brought a group of locals and protested at Tupudana police station alleging cops inefficiency,\" said officer in charge Tupudana police station Krishna Murari. Prem and his brother Hindua were given a compensation of Rs 40 lakh by the government for acquisition of their land for Ring Road. \"Ganga also had an eye on Rs 20 lakh which Prem had got,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13128185", "title": "Man beaten to death for practicing \u2018witchcraft'", "text": "BALANGIR: A 50-year-old man was beaten to death in Phuker village under Bijepur police limits in Kalahandi district on Sunday morning on suspicion of practicing witchcraft. The villagers allegedly punished the man, identified as Beju Majhi, for casting an evil influence on them through witchcraft. Police detained 15 persons in this connection.Police said after four villagers died of mysterious diseases, the villagers attributed the deaths to evil designs of Majhi. The villagers held a meeting and called Majhi to testify. In the meeting, villagers accused him of practicing witchcraft, as a result of which their loved ones died. When Majhi denied ever practicing witchcraft, all the villagers attacked him, following which he fell unconscious and died 12 hours later.Before being attacked, Majhi was tonsured and was asked to leave the village and go to Dungiguda, his native place. \"Majhi, who was staying in the village since a long time, was tonsured and beaten up,\" said Lanjhigarh IIC Satya Nanda. He said police detained the villagers after the deceased's brother lodged a complaint. Villagers, whose relatives died in the last one year, were involved in the attack, the IIC said.According to sources, in the tribal-dominated areas of Lanjigarh and Thuamul Rampur blocks many people practice quackery. Majhi too was a quack and used to treat villagers in case of need. Because of rampant superstition in the villagers, the blocks have witnessed a number of attacks on such quacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13129381", "title": "Man suspects wife of infidelity, murders her", "text": "Mysore: A fruit merchant allegedly murdered his wife suspecting her of infidelity in BD Colony on Sunday afternoon.Police said Shami Ullaha murdered his wife Reshma Khannum by slitting her neck with a knife in her house around 2.30pm.According to police, Shami Ullaha would always quarrel with Reshma as he suspected her of having an extra-marital affair. They got married to each other eight years ago.The couple has two sons. A complaint has been registered at Udayagiri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128201", "title": "Kala-azar patients to be paid for wage loss", "text": "PATNA: The state government has been working actively on a novel move to compensate the loss of minimum wage suffered by kala-azar patients from poor and humble background admitted in various government hospitals of the state for treatment.The money required for the purpose would be raised with that provided from the CM Relief Fund (CMRF). Confirming this on Sunday, state health department secretary and Bihar State Health Society (BSHS) executive director Sanjay Kumar said, \"Yes, it is under active consideration of the government and health department. The money for the purpose will come from the CMRF.\"While the formal decision with regard to providing succour to kala-azar patients from humble background to make minimum wage loss compensation to them has not yet been taken, the process in this regard has already started and the details were being worked out. As Kumar put it, each poor kala-azar patient being treatment in government hospital and his or her attendant would get Rs 151 per day by way of compensation for the loss of minimum wage, since the person concerned, in normal circumstances, would have been engaged in some work to eke out a living.\"The aim is two-fold: to help the patient and to induce the families concerned to admit patients in hospitals, which, in turn, will increase the reportage of hidden or unidentified kala-azar cases in the state,\" Kumar said.Kumar said barring the seven districts of Bihar -- Kaimur, Rohtas, Aurangabad, Gaya, Nawada, Jamui and Banka -- having common border with Jharkhand , the remaining 31 districts have reported cases of kala-azar. However, of the 31, eleven districts, including Sitamarhi, Araria, Kishanganj, Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, East Champaran and Gopalganj, are most affected.Kumar said on a comparative scale, kala-azar cases has been falling in the state. For, if in the first three months (January to March) of 2011, the kala-azar cases were 6,500. The figure came down to 5,000 during the corresponding period this year. \"The reduction has been by 1,500 patients,\" Kumar said.He attributed the reduction in the number of kala-azar cases to indoor residual spraying (IRS) in the 11 most affected districts in the first phase. From June 1, the second phase of IRS would be completed in the remaining 20 districts. Besides, 102 mobile ambulances have been deployed to give initial treatment and then rush the identified Kala-azar patients to government hospitals for more detailed treatment, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129142", "title": "Ethical hacking: On the right side of law", "text": "George Jason, vice-president, Comguard Networks , in an interview to Diptiman Dewan elaborates on ethical hacking as a rapidly growing career option.Ethical hacking, also known as penetration testing, intrusion testing or red teaming is used to find loopholes in an IT system and break into it. An ethical hacker is a computer and network expert who attacks a security system on behalf of its owners, seeking vulnerabilities that a malicious hacker could exploit. This work is ethical because it is performed to increase the safety of the computer systems, but only at the request of the company that owns the system and specifically to prevent others from attacking it. With the increasing use of the internet, it has become an essential part of IT security industry today.INDUSTRY STATUS Last year ethical hacking was estimated to be a US$ 3.8 billion industry in the US alone. According to Nasscom, India will require at least 77,000 ethical hackers every year whereas we are producing only 15,000 in a year, currently. Ethical hacking is growing at a tremendous pace and offers a plethora of lucrative job opportunities.SKILL-SETS REQUIREDFirst and foremost is the ability to write programmes in many programming languages like C, C++, Perl, Python, and Ruby. For those working with web applications, Microsoft .NET and PHP are vital. Knowledge of assembly language is also essential for those who want to analyse disassembled binaries. Knowledge of a variety of operating systems (Microsoft Windows, various versions of Linux , etc) is critical. Experience with various network devices, including switches, routers and firewalls is also important. An ethical hacker also should have a basic understanding of TCP/IP protocols such as SMTP, ICMP and HTTP. In addition to technical skills, an ethical hacker needs good soft skills. Perhaps the most important skill, however, is adaptability. When testing software and systems, ethical hackers never know what will come up, so the ability to be resourceful is vital.GROWTH AREASThe information security industry is going at a current worldwide growth rate of 21%. Frost &amp; Sullivan have estimated that there are 2.28 million information security professionals worldwide which is expected to increase to nearly 4.2 million by 2015. The need for information security for security compliance in India is mandatory for all companies with an IT backbone. The requirement for such personnel is especially high with organisations in the IT / ITES space.REMUNERATIONA fresher may work as an intern for a couple of months and can start with a minimum of Rs 2.5 lakh per annum. With one year of experience, one can expect upto Rs 4.5 lakh per annum. Those with work experience five years or more can get from 10-12 lakh per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131134", "title": "I have no time to fall in love: Rana Daggubati", "text": "After making waves in Telugu film industry, Rana Daggubati is surely on his way to become a sensation in Bollywood.He was voted the most desirable newcomer recently and will be soon seen sharing screen space with Amitabh Bachchan and Sanjay Dutt in Ram Gopal Varma's Department . But down-to-earth that he is like most of his Southern counterparts, these titles don't affect him. \"What excites me is the body of work rather than just the body,\" he says. What Rana is also referring to is his steamy images that are currently in circulation. These are the bare bodied reference shots for Ramu's next which is a romantic thriller. \"I have worked very hard on my body to get this look,\" he says.Now that he has entered Bollywood in a big way giving competition to many heroes out here, there have been rumours of Rana shifting base and settling down in Mumbai. But squashing these rumours, Rana cleared that he will never do so. And his reasoning is that he takes less time in flying down from Hyderabad to Mumbai as compared to travelling between two suburbs in Mumbai. \"Also, I have a huge house in Hyderabad and there is lot of privacy there, so why should I buy a house in Mumbai?\" he says. But yes, Rana has decided to have an office space in Mumbai. \"I have been operating from hotels which I want to change,\" he says.And when it comes to romance, the 27-year-old actor says that he is leading a \"boring\" life. Bring up the Bipasha Basu topic, and he reiterates that they are good friends. \"Bipasha has been in the industry for long and she knows how it works, and I come from a family that has been into business for last 50 years. These rumours don't affect me,\" he says. \"I wake up early, go for my shoot, come back and hit the gym. I have no time to fall in love,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128431", "title": "Special dress for Baidhyanath Dham staff &amp; volunteers", "text": "RANCHI: The Deoghar district administration has come up with a special dress code for the staff members of the Baidhyanath Dham temple management board and volunteers to enable them to help millions of pilgrims in any emergency and protect them from anti-social elements like pickpockets on the temple premises.The administration believes that the new system will not only help the devotees in distress but also help keeping anti-social elements, who target people in the garb of volunteers, away from the temple premises. The volunteers will wear saffron kurtas and yellow dhoti.\"Each year at least 20 lakh devotees visit the temple during Shravan month, considered pious to the Hindus. The anti-social elements target devotees and cheat them. At times they even take away their valuables. We have decided to implement a dress code for the staff members and the volunteers who have access to Garbha Griha (sanctum sanctorum),\" said SP Subodh Prasad.He said, \"Apart from this, any emergency situation can take place due to huge rush. This dress code will help the devotees who come from across the globe instantly identify the staff and volunteers and inform them for any kind of help.\"The dress code will be implemented form this year's Sharvani Mela (July-August). The management has already placed order for stitching the dress.Baidhyanath temple popularly known as Baba Dham among the masses is one of the 12 Jyotirlings, the most sacred abodes of Shiva. The temple complex is consisting of the main temple of Baba Baidhyanath, where the Jyotirling is installed, and 21 other temples.On the implementation of the dress code, Ramesh Parihast, the manager of the temple, said, \"We welcome the decision of the administration. Earlier many devotees have encountered such difficulties. There have been cases where the staff members are not in their saffron robe which leads to such difficulties. We are here to help the devotees perform the rituals without any inconvenience since they come from different parts of the globe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129192", "title": "Probe into delinking of Kalindini Express coaches", "text": "KANPUR: The railway authorities have ordered a probe into the delinking of coaches and locomotive of Kalindi Express near Kamalganj railway station in Farrukhabad district on Saturday.The passengers of the train on its way to Delhi from Bhiwani via Kanpur had a miraculous escape when its coaches were delinked on Saturday morning.The incident had occurred at around 8.07 am when the engine moved ahead and the remaining coaches of the train were left behind. The passengers said that they heard a loud sound.The incident came to light when superintendent of Kamalganj railway station Ram Sajeevan inquired about the location of the Kalindi express from the guard. \"The guard was unaware about the de-linking and he thought that the train had come to halt following chain-pulling,\" Sajeevan said. The guard then contacted train driver Babu Ram Meena to know about the location. The latter then brought the engine to a halt near Razipur railway station and informed about de-linking to the senior railway authorities.This led to chaos among the passengers. They had to wait for long before the two parts of the train could be attached again.The incident brought train traffic to a halt for almost an hour on the Kanpur-Farrukhabad route. Several trains had to be stopped.A senior railway official said that a team comprising engineers and others will hold a probe and submit a report to their respective divisions and Railway Ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128059", "title": "Police suspect murder at Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The woman whose naked body was found outside the doctors' hostel in LNJP Hospital two weeks ago may have been murdered on the premises itself. \"The possibility that somebody would have murdered her elsewhere and brought the body just to dump it in a high-security area that is guarded 24 hours seems unlikely. If the body was brought in a car, the guards at the gate would have spotted it during the check at the entrance,\" said a source.Cops recently filed a case of murder and destruction of evidence at IP Extension police station after receiving the postmortem report on May 9 and are still probing all angles.The postmortem report has revealed that her throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon. According to the autopsy report, \"the cause of death is hemorrhagic shock consequent upon injury to neck vessels. All injuries are antemortem (before death) and caused by a sharp weapon\".The sharp weapon, police suspect, could be a surgical blade. The fact that the body was found naked indicated that she might have been sexually assaulted before the murder.The body was discovered by a labourer who was passing by the area around 1.45pm on April 25. On May 7, a person, identified as Ashok Kumar - a resident of Hari Nagar Extension, claimed the body to be his daughter's. Kumar, who had already filed a missing person complaint about his daughter at Jaitpur police station, said he had approached police after seeing the photo of the woman in newspapers and on ZIPNET. He also claimed to have identified a black salwar, a chunni and a pair of slippers recovered from the spot, police said. Following the claims, the exhibits have been sent to the forensic lab in Rohini.Cops are, however, still clueless about two other bodies found around the same time in Nehru Place and Sonia Vihar. Investigators into the Nehru Place murder, sources said, has only managed to identify the woman through her husband's name tattooed on her right hand.The three bodies, found within five days, were found dumped in three corners of the city. Although officials had denied any link between the three murders, sources said these might be the handiwork of a serial killer as all three incidents had common elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/ meerut", "code": "13127136", "title": "Meerut airstrip death: Probe begins", "text": "NEW DELHI/ MEERUT: A magisterial inquiry has been initiated into the Partarpur airstrip accident when a microlight hit a Delhi businessman during landing.Following orders of district administration, city magistrate has started a probe into the incident on Sunday, SP Omprakash said.The victim, Yogesh Garg, always wanted to fulfil his long-cherished dream of flying. And he did accomplish it too. However, even as he achieved this personal feat by taking a solo flight in his single-engine ultralight plane, he did not realize that it would also be his last journey.Barely two hours after he took to the skies on Saturday morning, the 37-year-old businessman was hit by his own plane and killed. Garg's neighbours say that he was very excited about his first solo flight and had been training rigorously for the last many weeks.\"Garg would religiously wake up early and travel to Meerut to take flying lessons,\" said Amarjeet Singh Thind, Garg's neighbour.Recounting the last hours of Garg's life, Thind said Garg had promised his six-year-old son that he would spend an entire day with him. \"While Garg was leaving, his six-year-old son kept telling him not to leave. But Garg promised him that he would be back soon and spend an entire day with him,\" said Thind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128178", "title": "Missed ISD calls continue to fleece subscribers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The menace of missed calls from international numbers does not seem to have an end. In spite of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) asking operators to take effective measures, cellphone subscribers have been receiving missed calls originating from Pakistan, Middle East and Africa and also from India routed through international numbers.Missed calls from unknown international numbers have been emptying the pockets of subscribers, who call back on the premium numbers out of curiosity and end up paying high charges.Nitin Patel, 35, who works with a plastic manufacturing company in Vapi, said, \"I got such calls from +43820946124 thrice since last year. The first time I called back, a recording was playing in a strange language. I disconnected the call in exactly six seconds and yet Rs 100 was deducted from my prepaid account instantly.\"When Patel complained to his service provider, the operator told him that they were helpless. He was advised to file a police complaint against such calls.Recently, another subscriber too got a call from +92 number, where the caller claimed to be calling from the telecom company itself. \"The caller said that I have won a lucky draw of Rs 10 lakh from my mobile operator and a direct-to-home (DTH) company. He asked my name and account number, which I refused to share as I had read about such fraudulent calls in the media. But there may be people who would share account details. Telecom providers should do something about this,\" said Tarish Shah, an entrepreneur.Telecom operators have sent out an advisory to their customers asking them to ignore international missed calls. Vodafone, BSNL and Bharti Airtel have issued such statements that ask their customers to protect them from such malicious activities.ITS director (telecom enforcement, resources &amp; monitoring) Gujarat department of telecommunications, Rajeev Kushwah, said, \"We have come to know through media that such a situation exists but have not received any written complaint. We urge subscribers to come forward and list their complaints so that investigations can be carried out and malicious calls can be curbed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132456", "title": "Nepal plane crash: List of Indians on board", "text": "A private plane with 21 people on board today crashed in a mountain airstrip in Nepal, killing 14 people, including 7 Indians, officials said.The Indian embassy in Kathmandu has provided the list of Indian passengers who were on board the plane.List of Indians on Agni Air flight 9N AIG (14 May 2012)As given by Agni Air flight manifest* Mr. K. Mamanya * Mr. S.K. Arora * Mr. M. Handa * Mrs. M. Arora * Ms. R. Handa * Mr. K. Arora * Ms. T. Sachdev * Ms. G. Sachdev * Mr. Sanaim Sudhar * Mr. G. Raman * Mr. Kidambi Tirumala * Ms. Latha Echambade * Mr. Sreeva Kidambi Tirumala * Ms. Sreepada Kidambi Tirumala * Mr. Kumar * Mrs. Kumar*Exact details of names are still to be matched with travel documents by the local authority", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13134414", "title": "Royal Challengers Bangalore-Mumbai Indians IPL match delayed due to rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: The toss for the IPL match between Royal Challengers Bangalore and Mumbai Indians at M Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore was delayed due to rain on Monday.Coming into the match with three straight victories, Bangalore will hope to keep their winning run going on and bolster their hopes of making the playoffs, the race for which is still wide open.Mumbai, following their shock victory over formidable Kolkata on Saturday, too come into the match full of confidence.Coming off a fine win over Kolkata, Mumbai will look to continue their run of away wins. Mumbai have won five of their six away ties this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad/vizag", "code": "13127155", "title": "Cong\u2019s fresh salvo at Jaganmohan", "text": "HYDERABAD/VIZAG: Turning the tables on Jaganmohan Reddy, senior Congress leaders on Sunday wondered as to how the YSR Congress president can claim credit for the welfare programmes launched by the Congress government. They also dismissed Jagan's criticism during election campaigns that the government was not effectively implementing welfare schemes launched by his father, late CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy.\"Jagan is misleading the people by saying that welfare programmes are not being implemented. How can he claim credit for programmes launched and implemented by us,\" agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana said in Guntur. Pooh-poohing Jagan's claims, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said that the public is not so easily fooled. Addressing a Congress workers' meeting in Chitveli in Kadapa district, the CM said it was ironic that Jagan was talking about loss of morality in politics.Minister Mopidevi Venkataramana called upon party workers to rebut Jagan's charges. Taking part in an election meeting in Prattipadu, he said Jagan was out to besmirch his father's name. \"He is running after power,\" he alleged.Senior Congress leader V Hanumantha Rao wondered as to how the Kadapa MP could claim that central schemes like the rural employment guarantee were launched by his late father. He alleged that Jagan has not only the desire for money and power, but also a criminal mind. \"He enjoyed close association with gangster Mangali Krishna and other criminals. How could people vote for him,\" he wondered.Speaking to newspersons in Vizag, VHR said that people have been watching Jagan's mud-slinging on the Congress, adding that its result will be reflected in the upcoming bypolls. He agreed to the presence in Congress of such leaders who were harming the party's interests in collusion with its rivals but but refused to name the same.Meanwhile, YSR Congress leader Bajireddy Goverdhan has asked the government to spell out the schemes it has introduced for farmers. He said that it was surprising that although the government claimed it had not done away with its welfare schemes, farmer suicides continued to occur regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131929", "title": "'Satyamev Jayate' Aamir Khan's smallscreen venture high on TRP", "text": "Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate, which was the constant talking point across social networking and microblogging sites all of last week, has a rating of 3.8 TVR in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai (on Star Plus), according to TAM data (given out by the channel), which places it higher than IPL 5 ratings (after first 16 matches) of 3.65 at the end of April.Across Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad, the average TVR of Satyamev Jayate stood at 2.9. The debut episode scored 5.9 TVR in Delhi, followed by Mumbai (with 3.1 TVR) and in Kolkata it touched 1.8 TVR.On Star Pravah (Marathi) the show garnered 2.2 TVR, on Star Jalsha, (Bengali), the show had 0.52 TVR, on ETV Telugu, the show got 0.88 TVR, on Star Vijay (Tamil) it fetched 0.68 TVR. In Bangalore, where it was not dubbed in Kannada, Star Plus managed 1.3 TVR.Satyamev Jayate reached out to 8.96 million people in the age group of 4+, as per TAM Media Research. In the 4+ market, the six-metro rating stood at 4.08 and the show reached out to 8.15 million people in C&S; homes.But number crunching aside, the show's created a positive ripple effect in various states, even if it might have started off as a knee-jerk action in the beginning. The Chief Justice of the Rajasthan High Court Arun Mishra has given an in-principle nod to set up a fast track court for expediting trial in female foeticide cases. Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot met the Chief Justice over the matter last week, said official sources. Aamir had met Gehlot in a high profile meeting and had requested him to establish the fast track court to decide cases pending in various courts. Gehlot had assured action in this regard. Meanwhile, Maharashtra has now sought Aamir's support for its various public welfare schemes that aim to protect girl child, say top officials. Health Minister Suresh Shetty has already written to Aamir asking his support to the government's campaign against female foeticide. In a letter to Aamir, Shetty said Maharashtra has so far registered cases against 317 sonography centres (in the state) conducting unauthorized sex determination tests. Besides, 27 doctors and four families who sought the sex tests have been convicted with fines and jail terms in 25 cases lodged under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques in the state.The Madhya Pradesh Government has suspended the licence of 65 Medical Termination of Pregnancy centres in the state. The Haryana government has announced that pregnant women will have to submit a photocopy of their identification proof at ultrasound centres as a pre-condition for undergoing the test. \"It would be the responsibility of the radiologist to ask for the photocopy of the document from them,\" the spokesman said. He said that no radiologist could do an ultrasound of a pregnant woman without the recommendation of a gynaecologist or physician. \"Under the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test (PNDT) Act, strict action would be taken against any radiologist not abiding by these directions,\" he said. In order to check female foeticide, the state government has also announced an award of Rs 21,000 to those giving information about doctors conducting sex-determination tests in Haryana (which has one of the worst sex ratios in the country with 877 females per 1,000 males).Call him a smart marketing man who'd go to any extent to promote his show, or a celeb activist who lends his name to worthy causes, Aamir's managed to make urban India think and act. Round one clearly belongs to the Khan-tastic star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129076", "title": "Murugesh R Nirani missing in action, Global Investors\u2019 Meet uncertain", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP government's flagship event - Global Investors' Meet (GIM) - seems to be a doubtful starter, thanks to the political instability.The GIM's third edition, just a few weeks away from now, looks uncertain with large and medium industries minister Murugesh R Nirani, who was leading from the front, choosing to take a back seat. Nirani submitted his resignation papers to his mentor, BS Yeddyurappa, on Saturday.Buoyed by the previous GIM's success, which attracted near Rs 4 lakhcrore investment, the government set an ambitious target of attracting Rs 5 lakh-crore investments this time, scheduled on June 7-8.The Nirani-led industries department spent crores of rupees to woo investors by organizing roadshows, even outside the country. This apart, scores of industrialists have been invited for the grand inauguration.When contacted, Nirani declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13126993", "title": "IPL 5: Chennai face edgy Kolkata in must-win tie", "text": "KOLKATA: With IPL 5 entering the last week of the league stage, a study of the points table is increasingly becoming a mathematician's delight, with as many as seven of the nine teams still in with a chance of qualifying for the playoffs.While the real action will unfold in the middle, several permutations and combinations will keep both teams and fans engrossed over the next few days.The stakes will be high for both Team Kolkata and Team Chennai when they face off at the Eden Gardens on Monday evening.One of the key factors in a long-drawn tournament like the IPL is peaking at the right time, and going by Team Chennai's show in the past week, it appears that MS Dhoni's side has gathered momentum on the home stretch. Fresh from their nine-wicket win over leaders Delhi on Saturday, Dhoni's boys will be on a high.In contrast, Team Kolkata, whose winning run was halted by Mumbai, courtesy Rohit Sharma's sublime unbeaten century, will be a touch edgy.Dhoni will be relieved to see his top-order firing again. He will be particularly happy to see his openers Mike Hussey and Murali Vijay striking the ball well.With Chennai needing to win their remaining two matches to seal a playoff berth, it's time for their high-profile stars like Raina, Jadeja and Dhoni himself to come to the party and get the results.Kolkata, on the other hand, will be looking to shake off the after-effects of a crushing 27-run loss at the hands of Mumbai and approach their last home game with the same vigour and verve that has marked their campaign in IPL 5.With 17 points from 13 matches, his team is still in a very good position to seal a playoff berth, but cannot afford to take anything for granted. Gambhir and thousands of Kolkata fans will be a gutted if their side fails to make it to the next stage from such a strong position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128301", "title": "Molest victim to carry on with fight", "text": "KOLKATA: The woman, teased and molested by a gang of men in a residential area of Barrackpore on Friday night, stays in Mumbai's upscale Juhu area with her husband and five-year-old daughter. from Mumbai's upscale Juhu where she lives with her husband and five-year old daughter.She is shocked at the fact that such an incident could happen in a place so close to Kolkata, known to be a relatively safe city.Born and brought up in Mumbai, it was after ten years that the woman had come to Barrackpore to attend the wedding anniversary of her cousin. She had very different notions of Kolkata then - notions of the city being laidback buta safe place for women. With Friday's incident still haunting her, the woman will go back with only dark memories. \"No matter what happens, I have to stand by my family, mine and their honour,\" she said on Sunday.Perhaps not many Kolkata women would show such courage to protest in an entirely unknown territory, and perhaps it is because she is from Mumbai that she fought so bravely against a gang of nearly 14 men who stopped and beat her, her husband, brothers and cousin sister with bamboo and iron rod. She came to enjoy a family gathering, and with the feeling of Kolkata as a happy, laid-back city with people respectful to women. But now, she will go back with dark memories of an encounter that is much more horrifying than what has come to light so far.The young woman had come from Mumbai after ten years to attend the marriage anniversary of her cousin and the get-together was arranged at a place \"10 minutes away\" from the Sodepur home of her aunt. She was born and brought up in Mumbai - her husband works in a private company - and is used to \"not shying away when it comes to protesting against such criminals\".\"No matter what happens, I have to stand by my family, mine and their honour,\" she says bravely on Sunday.At around 10pm on Friday, the woman - along with her husband, two brothers, mother, aunt, cousin sister and daughter - were in an auto. They were going to a place barely \"10 minutes away\" from the Sodepur home of her aunt.\"The function to be held at a rented hall was at a short distancewhere we were goingand we thought of hiring an autorickshaw so we could reach the place quickly. We had gifts in our hands and were dressed in sarees and jewellery,\" she recalled. While one of her cousins (not the one whose wedding anniversary she had come to attend) was on her lap on the seat behind, her husband and two brothers were seated in front.Narrating the incident, the woman said, \"Two young men came on a bicycle and started teasing us and making obscene gestures. I asked my husband to stop the auto. He and my brothers told the men - they were at a distance -that they should not do such a thing. The men pushed my husband and brothers, but after that the two left, threatening us they would come back and teach us a lesson.\" she recalled.\"The auto driver did not protest and instead he tried to protect them and made fun of us by saying the two men were his friends , and they were making the obscene gestures at him and not us,\" she said.Initially, they did not take the threat seriously and the autorichshaw went on. But suddenly, a group of 12 to 14 men with bamboo sticks and rods came and circled the autorickshaw, bringing it to a halt.\"I was shocked. They pulled us all out. They took my husband and my brothers aside, separately, tugged at my saree, and a whole lot of pushing and screaming went on. I was hit on my left arm with a bamboo. We kept screaming for help, but no one came to our rescue. My mother fell on the ground.We threatened to call the police, and after a while, the gang left, perhaps out of fear that there were seven of us or because we said we would call the police,\" she said. \"My daughter was equally shocked and I was terribly scared about that as well.\"The woman's cousin said, \"One of the miscreants was carrying an iron rod and they started beating my brothers. They also kept attacking and pushing us all along. I have come here with my sister after 10 years. We are now thinking if we should whether we will leave this place sooner than we had planned.\"\"It was like some strange goondagardi, bhaigiri that one sees in movies. That it can really happen at a place so close to Kolkata still shocks me,\" the woman continued.Somehow one of them had managed to keep the keys of the auto and held the autorickshaw driver back. Then they went to the police station where they were advised to go to the hospital for a medical check-up and come back with the reports that would establish the crime.The woman said she will continue She says she will continue to stick to her stand and protest even in future. \"I will be leaving for Mumbai on May 18, but till then I shall follow up the case,\" she said. Her neighbours in Sodepur and her relatives have extended their support to her and have praised the way she handled the situation, the woman said.She says their neighbours in Sodepur and relatives are supporting her in the way she bravely handled the situation and mostly, for protesting.Police said that they were conducting raids to nab the three other accused and were trying to get leads from the two arrested men, Gobinda Das and Bunty Dey.who fled after the incident. They are interrogating the two arrested - Gobinda Das and Bunty Dey - to get further leads. The police is interrogating the two arrested - Gobinda Das and Bunty Dey to find out where the other three could have fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128854", "title": "Well-known buildings under scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: Many well-known buildings are under Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) scanner for unauthorized constructions.The civic body has shortlisted 716 buildings which have gone against the sanctioned plan. The ongoing demolition drive will be extended to them soon.NMC had issued notices under section 52 and 53 of The Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (MRTP) Act 1966 to 1,154 buildings, out of which action will have to be taken against 718.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay have started the drive from last week. Illegal constructions at Tourist Inn in Sitabuldi and a five-storey building in Laxmi Bhuvan square, Dharampeth, were razed.The famous buildings in the list of 716 are: Sangam Talkies, Sakkardara; Suretech Hospital, Dhantoli; Wockhardt Hospital's new building near Shankar Nagar Square; Hyatt Enclave, Congress Nagar; Ghiya's building (the biggest in Dhantoli, also housing few famous hospitals, Vasant Shila Tower, Dhantoli (housing around eight hospitals), Satyam Buildcon, Mhalgi Nagar; Anand Palace, Nandanwan; Vidarbha Cooperative Housing Society building, Gandhisagar; Mahima Kamlani Apartment and Golchha Bhavan, Civil Lines; Hotel Nelson Square in Byramji Town; M/s Ramsons Hoarding Private Ltd building in Jattarodi; Durga Courier Service building in Choti Dhantoli, and Shriman Palace Flat Owners Association, Dhantoli.Around 436 of the buildings, including Khandelwal Jewellers in Gokulpeth and Ayurvedic Complex in Medical Square, have gone in appeal and challenged the notices.A senior NMC official said the drive to conduct survey of other buildings is also going on. \"Process to serve notices will be continued. Action will be taken against all buildings which have been served notices as strict monitoring is being done by Jaiswal and Kumbhare,\" he said.Sources in NMC told TOI that many of the buildings have started to initiate desperate measures to avoid demolitions. \"Hotel Centre Point had revised the building plan and constructed a marriage hall adjoining the old building. The construction had been undertaken on the rear of the plot. The hall has been brought into utilization without obtaining occupancy certificate. Now, it is digging the earth below the building to construct the parking space. Officials from Dhantoli Zone and architects inspected the construction site and confirmed that the structure was not unauthorized,\" said sources.Justifying the construction, Micky Arora from the Arora family, which owns the hotel, told TOI that the construction of the building has not been completed yet. \"Parking space is being created to ensure enough space. We are also planning to provide parking on the terrace for two-wheelers and cycles of the staff, so that the area in the basement can be free for our customers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129284", "title": "Free counselling workshop", "text": "UK continues to be a popular destination for Indian students. While the traditional British universities cater to students who are interested in research, the modern universities offer dynamic and career-oriented courses. With students from across the world coming to study in UK, the classroom is diverse and interactive. Also, departmental bursaries and scholarships are on offer for international students.Universities like Sheffield, Southampton, Strathclyde, Sussex, Leicester, Kingston and Coventry are some of the well-known universities in the country.While students can take their pick from a range of courses, disciplines like engineering cover aerospace, automotive, electrical and electronics, mechanical, mechatronics, computer science and engineering, civil and chemical. A wide range of management courses offer majors in international business, marketing, finance and human resources. Social sciences and humanities cover areas like economics, law, development studies, media, journalism, psychology and English, among others. Students can also opt for postgraduate courses in these fields.Education Pathways India is organising a free counselling and admissions workshop for students who have appeared or cleared class XII and also for PG students, from May 15 -17 , between 10.30am and 6pm. Students and parents are requested to call the co-ordinators at 011- 46585348, 9911431897 for appointments. The sessions would be held at EPI, 1123, Hemkunt Chambers, 11th Floor, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13129331", "title": "'Katariveera' producer faces heat from Sene", "text": "Hubli: Sri Ram Sene national president Pramod Mutalik said that Katariveera Surasundarangi Kannada movie producer has told that they will remove the objectionable scenes of the film within Thursday.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, Mutalik said that they will intensify the agitation, if objectionable scenes are not removed from the film.He came on heavily on BJP leaders of forgetting their honesty and for fighting within the party.\"Lot of pro-hindu organization workers strive hard to bring the BJP into governance and they have lost people's faith,\"said Mutalik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129248", "title": "Physical disability compels man to end life", "text": "KANPUR: Dejected over his physical disability, a 35-year-old man ended his life on Saturday night. Yatendra, a resident of Gopal Nagar in Bidhnoo hanged himself to death at his residence on Saturday night.Police said that Yatedra, who got married nine years ago, was jobless due to physical disability. Recently, his wife deserted him and went to stay with her parents.The man used a saree to hang himself, SO Bidhnoo Gyanendra Kumar said.Arrested: The Chamanganj police arrested a man and recovered a country-made firearm and several cartridges from his possession. The police also recovered 45 gm of charas from him. He was sent to jail.Elsewhere, the police arrested Arun Kumar Shukla of Akbarpur in Ramabai Nagar and three others on charges of gambling on Sunday. A huge sum of cash was recovered from them. They were sent to jail.Liquor seized: The police arrested Amit Gupta and recovered 131 bottles of IMFL from a vehicle during a checking drive near Gora Kabristan in Cantt area on Sunday. He was sent to jail.Likewise, the police arrested Ram Vilas Kamal of Rai Gopalpur in Chaubeypur and sezied 50 litres of illicit liquor from his possession on Sunday. According to police, the accused was packing illicit liquor in pouches when he was arrested with a huge quantity of illicit country-made liquor. He was sent to jail.Similarly, the police arrested Chandrashekhar Kushwaha of Lakhpeda area in Sajeti and recovered 10 pouches of illicit liquor from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13127063", "title": "CM's town gets bus, medical college next", "text": "It was a quiet achievement for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan when the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation launched a special daily air-conditioned bus service between Mumbai and Karad, his hometown in Satara district.The decision was well-publicised both by the information and public relations department and MSRTC. Chavan, who has been representing the Karad parliamentary constituency for decades, realized that despite his best efforts, his hometown has remained under developed. He launched a sub-regional transport office, so that vehicle buyers don't have to visit Satara to register their vehicles. Next came the foundation stone for a new airport and now the cabinet has approved a proposal for setting up a state-run medical college at Karad.But Chavan has merely followed the path of his predecessors. In 1972, then chief minister V P Naik launched a special service between Mumbai and his home Pusad, an example followed by A R Antulay, Sushilkumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh as chief ministers. Home towns of leading politicians were also selected for setting up medical colleges, like Nanded ( Ashok Chavan ), Latur (Vilasrao Deshmukh), Yavatmal (V P Naik), Solapur (Sushilkumar Shinde) and Kolhapur (Digvijay Khanvilkar, then the medical education minister).Cop tangleFor home minister R R Patil , embarrassments have become the rule rather than exception. A month ago, it was discovered that a senior inspector of the crime branch was associated with gangsters, then a senior IPS official was found to have submitted over half-a-dozen applications for transfer since he was posted in Nagpur's anti-Naxalite cell. Now he has been asked to provide adequate protection to a vice-principal, Chitra Salunke, who complained about some senior IPS officials.Six years ago, Salunke found that an IPS officer was absent in the final LLB examination but was shown to be present in his final result and declared successful. When she approached the Azad Maidan police station to lodge an FIR, her statement was not recorded despite waiting for 12 hours. Specific complaints lodged by her against the IPS officer were forwarded to seven officials but there was no redressal of her grievance. The dispute reached the Bombay High Court and it was found that absolutely no action had been taken on Salunke's complaint. Initially, the HC asked the CBI to probe the role of the eight IPS officials, but later the court directed DGP K Subramanian to probe her complaint. The DGP has initiated a probe against the IPS officials and recorded Salunke's statement. Shockingly, Mumbai University is yet to withdraw the law degree of the controversial IPS official. Salunke says ever since she lodged a complaint against the erring IPS officials, her life and that of her entire family has become miserable.Unfriendly environment?The Dr Ambedkar Memorial on Indu mill land is yet to be cleared. When a delegation led by CM Prithviraj Chavan called on prime minister Manmohan Singh to press for transfer of the land, Singh set up a committee comprising bureaucrats from the ministry of textiles, environment and forest, urban development and from the state government.Chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad took the lead in pressing the central committee to convene regular meetings in New Delhi. But state bureaucrats found that despite advance notice, key members of the committee did not attend the meeting. At the last meeting held in the first week of May, the quorum was complete, but babus from the environment ministry objected to each and every proposal submitted by Gaikwad. Moreover, a few junior-level bureaucrats reportedly questioned Gaikwad for taking the initiative.A senior bureaucrat from Maharashtra says an official letter has been sent to the Centre to protest against the behaviour of babus of the environment ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130126", "title": "'Rowdy' organisers take autowallahs for a ride", "text": "Promoting a film on the road may be fashionable but it isn't fair when you drag the common man and use him into the bargain.We learnt nearly 30 to 35 auto rickshaws were booked by UTV and its PR machinery for a promotional rally. And while the media consultant texted the media saying the event was slated to start at 4.30pm on the back road of Lokhandwala Complex, the auto rickshaws were summoned at 6'o'clock in the morning. What's more, the event didn't start before 5.30pm, leaving the auto rickshaw drivers fuming about the way they'd been kept waiting the whole day without any basic arrangements for food or water.One of the auto rickshaw wallahs told us, \" Hum subah 7 baje aaye the . And we were there the whole day. They had to put posters on the auto rickshaws. Which they could have done even if they had called us at 12pm. We were made to wait in the blistering heat the entire day. To add to our woes, they paid us less. Normally, we earn nearly Rs 1,200 a day. They gave us only Rs 800. If they hadn't called us so early, we would have made at least Rs 200 to Rs 300 more. We go to other film shoots as well. But they do offer us food. These people did not give us anything save for water maybe. We had to spend on food from our pocket. This is very wrong on their part. We will never go for such promotions again.\"Another auto wallah said, \"I came at around 7.30am, after which they put posters on my auto rickshaw. However, the event started only in the evening. They didn't even bother to arrange for water, not before 4.30pm.Yet another rickshaw driver was more forgiving than the others saying, \"I arrived at 6am. I wasted the whole day but the payment was theek thaak .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129075", "title": "Speed rules on track", "text": "Four students from a school in Delhi won a competition held in Detroit , USAnkit Sharma , Bhavishya Bhatt, Shitij Malik and Paanshul Jarrel, students of class VII of St Columba's School, New Delhi, won the gold medal at the 6SAE 'A World In Motion' (AWIM) International Jet Toy Olympics, in Detroit, US, in the maximum time category for their toy cars made using common recyclable material.\"The idea behind the competition was that students can make such toys at home using common recyclable material like paper, straws, balloons, nozzles and bottle caps. We used thick paper and cut it according to the pattern of the chassis and fixed the bearings of the car using straws. The engine was made of a balloon and axles made using straws,\" says Ankit Sharma.A student volunteer, who learned how to make the car from Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , had taught them the process of making the toy car, he informs.Though students of class VI, when the contest began in August last year, the team members had to study and understand Newton's laws of motion, acceleration, speed, velocity and momentum in order to understand how the car will be powered and its motion.\"There were four rounds in the competition - distance, weight carrying, accuracy and maximum time. In each round, we were given a specific time to complete the task. Out of the hour and 45 minutes allotted for making the car, we completed it within 45 minutes and used the rest of the hour to test the car on the track. In the next 35 minutes , each team had to conduct three different trials,\" informs Sharma.Talking about the challenges they faced, Sharma says that they were a bit nervous about the competition and had to tackle challenges as they surfaced.\"The track was not smooth and we had to change it. The axles of the car were too thick, which made the movement of the car erratic. We had to squeeze the bearings to make the movement as close to being frictionless as possible.\"The preparation also meant that the team members had to juggle it with their studies.\"We stayed back in school between two and two and half hours daily, and for about six hours on weekends practising and modifying the toy car. In the end, it was well worth it,\" he says.Maruti Suzuki supported the SAE student level initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13127059", "title": "IPL 5: Bangalore take on Mumbai in mouthwatering contest", "text": "BANGALORE: Having succumbed to Gayle-storm a few days back at home, Mumbai fear another one - this time in the Garden City - when they run into high-flying Bangalore in an intriguing IPL clash on Monday.Coming into the match with three straight victories, Bangalore will hope to keep their winning run going on Sunday and, more importantly, bolster their hopes of making the playoffs, the race for which is still wide open. Mumbai, following their shock victory over formidable Kolkata on Saturday, too come into the match full of confidence.Bangalore, under new captain Virat Kohli, have not put a foot wrong after original skipper Daniel Vettori opted out to make way for legendary off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan.The bowlers had been below par in the first half of the tournament and it was left to their batsmen to shoulder the responsibility.However, the crisis seems to have resolved in the last week or so and the Bangalore bowlers have been spot on.Pace spearhead Zaheer Khan has regained his rhythm with fine figures against Mumbai and Pune, while R Vinay Kumar has come back well after a poor start.Coming off a fine win over Kolkata, Mumbai will look to continue their run of away wins. Mumbai have won five of their six away ties this season.However, with the summer showers lashing the city in the last week or so, this important tie can also be disturbed by the weather gods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128501", "title": "60-yr-old cartoon and a lesson in intolerance", "text": "A cartoon drawn 60 years ago by the father of political cartooning in India, Keshav Shankar Pillai, to lampoon the snail-paced work of framing the Constitution, found its place in a Class XI text book in 2006. From that cartoon, the students must have learnt that even before the B R Ambedkar headed committee framed the Constitution guaranteeing various rights to citizens, India had a robust tradition in free speech.Some politicians and members of Parliament discovered the cartoon in the text book six years later and created a storm in Parliament to extract a promise from the government to remove it. Both Ambedkar and the first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru must be shedding tears in their graves at the monstrous level of intolerance shown by today's politicians towards wit and humour, which are intrinsic to political cartoons.Weeks before Nehru's death, one of Shankar's cartoons portrayed the ailing leader and the Congress party. Nehru's response was - \"Do not spare me Shankar.\"It is unfathomable why a political cartoon expressing the prevailing sentiments 60 years ago and accepted gracefully by politicians of the time would ruffle so many feathers? The iconic figures never had a problem in being lampooned by Shankar's cartoons with razor sharp wit time and again. Sadly, the inheritors of their legacy did not inherit the levels of tolerance those leaders showed when the cartoon was drawn.It is good that Shankar passed away in 1989; otherwise he would have had a heart attack from the reaction of parliamentarians to his cartoon drawn in 1949. If the past haunts politicians so much, then the days are not far when there will be a complete ban on photos in school and college text books explaining the intricate sculptural work in the famous temples of Konark and Khajuraho. For, these will offend the puritans among politicians who will project it as an attempt to corrupt young minds.The politicians who protested against Shankar's cartoon displayed their ignorance about Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution guaranteeing right to free speech. Though there are reasonable restrictions on this right provided under Article 19(2), open criticism of government policies and operations have never been a ground for restricting expression.One of the great humanists, Helen Keller, had said, \"The highest result of education is tolerance\". Expressing this view, the Supreme Court in S Rangarajan vs P Jagjivan Ram [1989 (2) SCC 574] had advised that people must respect the views of others. \"Intolerance is as much dangerous to democracy as to the person himself,\" it had said.The Supreme Court has been periodically expressing concern over the rising levels of intolerance in India. In Hinsa Virodhak Sangh vs Mirzapur Moti Kuresh Jamat [2008 95) SCC 33], it said, \"These days, unfortunately, some people seem to be perpetually on a short fuse and are willing to protest, often violently, about anything under the sun on the ground that a book or a painting or a film etc has hurt the sentiments of their community. These are dangerous tendencies and must be curbed with an iron hand. We are one nation and must respect each other and should have tolerance.\"Many of these political leaders who are more dependent on their community rather than the electorate at large in their constituency bend the government to their unreasonable demands by threatening prolonged disruption of House proceedings.The ruling party, with so many internal compulsions and razor thin majority attained through precariously placed coalition arrangements, can seldom put its foot down against unreasonable demands and bends at the first sounding of the gong to appease even the partners, even if the merit behind their demands are highly debatable.What emerged from this avoidable spectacle in Parliament over Shankar's 60-year-old cartoon is that real danger to various freedoms enjoyed by citizens get wind on its sails when the government blinks while an attack is mounted on a right declared fundamental and guaranteed by the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131439", "title": "'Dance is a different religion,' says Croackroaz", "text": "Raghav Juyal shot to fame with his grooving in the dance reality show - 'Dance India Dance'. Now more popularly known as 'Croackroaz' after flaunting his slow-motion dance moves, he has a huge bunch of people who are now following him and his dance style.Although Raghav did not win the competition, his dance journey has not come to an end. He will now be seen as a skipper (mentor) on the new season of Dance India Dance Li'l Masters. Ask him about what he expects from the kids and he laughs and says, \"I was not at all a responsible guy but now I have the responsibility of five kids. And all the five kids I'll be teaching are the most shaitan kids here. They even pull down my pants at times.\"Although he is in his first year of graduation now and plans to do M.B.A. in the future, his heart is with dancing. He says, \"Dance is a different religion. Nobody is a Hindu, Muslim or Christian when they dance.\" The Dehradun boy is also fond of exploring nature and sports. He says, \"I love playing football. I used to go rafting frequently but now I don't have a lot of free time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13128054", "title": "Blocks on all 3 lines hit train frequency", "text": "Mumbai: Passengers faced inconvenience on Western, Central and Harbour lines due to megablocks on Sunday.To carry out maintenance of track, signalling and overhead equipment, a jumbo block was carried out between Churchgate and Mumbai Central (local) stations from 11am to 4pm on Up and Down lines. During the period, all Up and Down slow line trains ran through the fast corridor between Churchgate and Mumbai Central stations. Some locals were cancelled, affecting the frequency of trains.CR operated a megablock on its suburban sections on Sunday. The block on the Dn fast line between Mulund and Matunga from 11am to 4pm led to trains being diverted on Dn slow line.A megablock was carried out on the Up Harbour line between Kurla and CST, and on Up and Dn Harbour lines between Andheri and Wadala from 11am to 4pm. The Dn Harbour line services to Bandra/Andheri leaving CST from 10.20am to 4.04pm and Up Harbour line services towards CST leaving Bandra/Andheri from 10.40am to 3.45pm were suspended. The Up Harbour services from Panvel/Belapur/Vashi towards CST leaving Kurla from 10.43am to 3.48pm ran via mainline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13127320", "title": "Man, living alone, found dead", "text": "Thane: A 39-year-old person, said to be living alone in his Rabodi flat, was found dead early on Sunday, with the police claiming that he had passed away almost 24 hours earlier.Police said Nihar Sikander Punekar was found lying lifeless on his sofa when they broke into his room at 2.30am on Sunday at the insistance of his friend. Though the reason for his death was not immediately clear, police said they suspected that Punekar had suffered a massive cardiac arrest.It is learnt that Punekar was employed as a manager in a private firm and stayed alone at Rabodi.His friend, whose name the police declined to reveal, had been trying to contact him on his cellphone but Punekar was not answering the phone since Saturday. The friend then rushed to his house at Rabodi and found the door locked from inside. He grew even more worried when there was no response to the door bell or to his phone calls, though the blaring sound of the television could be heard from outside. Neighbours said that they had not seen Punekar come out of his flat since Friday evening.The police were informed about the incident late on Saturday and a team broke into the flat only to find Punekar dead. The body has been sent to the Thane civil hospital for a post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13128707", "title": "13 newly-recruited police constables relieved from training", "text": "YAVATMAL: 31 newly recruited police constables were relieved from the training camp by superintendent of police Ranjankumar Sharma citing the guidelines laid down in the government resolution of the home department dated January 9.The axed trainees broke down on getting the shocking news. The SP arranged departmental vehicles to take them to their homes safely.Sharma said the Supreme Court laid down certain guidelines in the recruitment of cops under various categories while delivering a judgment on a petition challenging the selection list and appointment of cops in the state in 2010. The home department made the district-wise advertisement for recruitment of police constables for 2011-12 and the candidates were asked to fill application forms online. However, it did not make any reference to the SC judgment and the recruitment process began on November 9, 2011.In Yavatmal, there were 174 posts for which 7,760 candidates had submitted their applications online. 1,441 of them were female. The recruitment process was completed as per the existing rules and reservation policy. All the 174 posts were filled and candidates, both men and women , reported in February and completed three months of training.However, the home department issued a GR all of a sudden and cited the SC ruling and instructed the SPs in the state to adhere to reservation guidelines. In Yavatmal, 31 candidates belonging to reserved category were appointed against the open category. The SC had clearly said that the reserved category candidates should not be appointed against the open category though they were qualified and shortlisted.The new GR has made it compulsory for the district SPs to revise selection list and the candidates appointed against the open category from other reserved categories should be eliminated. They should be replaced by waitlisted candidates from the respective categories.\"I have revised the selection list and 31 constables on training were sent back home,\" Sharma said, adding that their posts will be filled up from the waitlisted candidates on merit. 20-25 districts in the state have already revised the lists while 7-8 districts will complete it in the next few days,\" Sharma said.Three eliminated trainee cops fainted in the camp on receipt of termination order. They were immediately rushed to the Government Medical College and Hospital. On regaining consciousness, they again broke down and the officers had a tough time pacifying them.Later, the SP asked his junior officers to take all the eliminated trainee cops to their respective homes safely in police vehicles to avert any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128773", "title": "In vacation mode", "text": "Even as the Bombay high court and its benches went on a month-long vacation starting Friday, officials at the clerical level were also in a hurry for their share of rest and relaxation. When some scribes tried to contact the officials regarding details of a case, they said, \"Most of us have booked our tickets. You can contact us after the court resumes on June 11. Those at work will be under tremendous pressure due to extra work. You guys (scribes) should also go for vacations and have a blast.\"The long &amp; short of itBe it rallies or campaigns, political parties leave no stone unturned to catch the eye of probable voters. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) is no different. Recently, city's Jyoti Amge, the world's shortest woman, joined the MNS. Before making the move, she was invited by party MLA Ram Kadam to Mumbai where she took part in a rally. Interestingly, famous wrestler Khali too was there. The towering personality (7ft, 3 inches) made Jyoti (62.80cm) sit on his shoulder and the duo became the cynosure of all eyes.Can't fool customers!The craze for Nirmal Baba is well known. However, after the media revealed the reality, the eyes of his blind supporters have finally opened. This diarist, who used to see the Baba's portrait whenever he went to his favourite restaurant, was surprised to see it missing. When enquired, the restaurant owner said that since many allegations against the Baba were coming from all quarters, he preferred to remove the portrait. In another incident, when this diarist went to the vegetable market, he heard a vendor wooing customers by saying that the onions were from Baba's village. Customers too were smart. They asked the vendor the name of the place but when he didn't answer, they moved on.Certainly not a wasteGunjan' sounds like the name of a girl but it is an auditorium with a difference at the annex building of Central Railway divisional railway manager's (DRM) office. The specialty of the hall is that it has been built by recycling the unserviceable wooden sleepers which otherwise would have been a waste. Generally waste-to-energy is commonly heard of but the railways came out with a unique idea of building a hall from sleepers. The entire wall panelling of the auditorium which has 314 seats has been done by using 200 released wooden sleepers. The best part is that it took three months to come up with the project from conception to commissioning. The hall was thrown open by general manager Subodh Jain on May 8.Prof Sole's classTo take stock of the situation, mayor Anil Sole has started visiting sites of all ongoing developmental projects undertaken by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. After every visit, Sole holds a meeting of officials every day at 12 noon. At 5.30pm, he briefs the media. After the first day, mediapersons started going to the first citizen's office for the feed back. As Sole is a professor by profession, mediapersons have termed his daily briefing as a class. Either the leader of the ruling party in the civic body or the chairman of standing committee needs to brief the media, but they too attend Sole's class. It seems like Sole is kind of back to his profession.'Dead', aliveOn Friday, some citizens went to Buddh Vihar in Indora and announced the demise of former corporator Prakash Gondane. Sensation prevailed in the area and many supporters thronged Gondane's residence to pay their 'last respects'. To everyone's utter shock, Gondane was very much alive and was moved to Mayo Hospital for treatment as he was suffering from some ailment. Later, Gondane was shifted to a private hospital.Smash hitWhen it comes to discipline and fitness, there's no better teacher than Edwin Iriawan. Last week, the national badminton coach from Indonesia conducted a three-day camp and gave tips to shuttlers and coaches at Subhedar Hall. Young shutter Pallavi Pitale was however caught on the wrong foot. After being asked to come forward, Edwin lifted Pahlavi's ponytail and told the other trainees to keep their hair short as it affects the momentum. Like an obedient student, Pallavi followed Edwin's advice and cut her hair short. Her boyish looks became a topic of fun for her friends. Not only Pallavi even the other girls took Edwin's suggestion quite seriously.Coach's concern", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13129210", "title": "Civic body to meet in June to prepare master plan", "text": "Kozhikode: A comprehensive master plan for the Kozhikode Corporation will be a reality before the end of current financial year.A meeting will be convened in June to prepare a comprehensive master plan for the development of the city and expedite its work.It will be attended by experts from the National Transportation Planning and Research Centre ( NATPAC) and Centre for Water Resources Development and Management ( CWRDM) and town planning officials.The new master plan is designed under section 5(3) of the Kerala Municipality Act and it will cover around 175 sq km and a population of around 8.5 lakh. The civic body at present is depending on a plan prepared in 1980, whose validity ended in 2001. A panel comprising as 170 experts from various agencies was formed last year to chalk out steps to prepare the master plan. Seventeen working groups, with 10 members each, have also been constituted to cover key sectors of transportation, infrastructure, education, health, and sanitation and women development.\"The meeting in June will review the present status of the master plan. Efforts to be taken for the timely completion of the master plan will also be discussed in the meeting,\" the mayor A K Premajam said.Regional town planner has been asked to conduct and supervise the survey. With the preparation of a comprehensive master plan, the present hurdles in envisaging development of the city, especially after the merger of three grama panchayats, Cheruvannur-Nallalam, Beypore and Elathur, with Kozhikode in 2010 is expected to be resolved.The mayor said the plan will cover all the corporation areas and the nearby grama panchayats of Olavanna, Feroke, Ramanattukkara and Kadalundi. \"It would detail the major projects that would come up till 2030,\" she saidThe meeting in June will review the present status of the master plan. Efforts to be taken for the timely completion of the master plan will also be discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "13126848", "title": "Air India cancels 20 international flights, 5 from Mumbai", "text": "Mumbai/New Delhi: Air India cancelled seven flights from Mumbai, five of them meant for international destinations, as the pilots' strike entered the sixth day on Sunday. Overall 20 international flights were cancelled.The airline has drawn up a contingency plan for some of its main sectors like Paris , New York , Chicago and Frankfurt from May 16 to 18, while several others have been cancelled till the end of the week. \"Under the contingency plan, Air India is also considering wet-leasing some aircraft to operate another four or five flights. So far, the management has taken a decision to cancel some flights till May 19. For Monday, 11 flights have been cancelled and for Tuesday nine. Many have also been rescheduled,\" said an airline source.While no new bookings for international flights were reported, passengers seemed to have grown sceptical about buying Air India tickets even for domestic flights. According to Mumbai aiport officials, flights to Newark , New York, London and Jeddah were among the international services and Mangalore and Ahmedabad flights on the domestic sector were cancelled on Sunday.The airline has also put up on its website a list of flights from Mumbai-slated for Riyadh , Shanghai and Newark- that stand cancelled for the next two days. Details of flights that have been rescheduled or clubbed with other services have also been published.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said talks with the striking pilots would only be possible if they returned to duty. \"The first priority must be to make sure that the passengers feel they are being listened to. So let the pilots decide that. Ask for forgiveness from passengers. Start the flights... we can talk on anything after that,\" Singh said.The minister, however, admitted that the Air India and Indian Airlines merger did not go as according to plans and something had gone \"seriously wrong\" in the process. \"Obviously, the merger didn't go as planned, and there is something that has seriously gone wrong. My job is to see what the current situation is, learn from past mistakes and work to see that Air India succeeds,\" he said, adding that if the government planned to continue with the merged entity, cross training of pilots on both wide and narrow bodied aircraft was essential.Mumbai airport's international terminal was brimming with passengers waiting to be accommodated on other flights or waiting to hear about the status of their flights. For many, buying a fresh ticket was not an option as the fares for ons-spot purchases were way too high. \"We will wait till the airline finds an alternative for us. New tickets are very expensive and cannot afford them,\" said a couple who were booked on a Bahrain flight on May 11. \"People's confidence in Air India has been shaken,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels.Since the start of the agitation, the airline management has sacked 71 pilots and sought cancellation of the flying licenses of 11 office-bearers of the Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG), which is leading the strike. The directorate general of civil aviation ( DGCA) on Saturday issued showcause notices to 11 IPG pilots after the airline management sought cancellation of their flying licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127593", "title": "Vashi bridge may hit fund roadblock", "text": "Mumbai: The plans to construct a new Vashi bridge might be delayed as the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) is not inclined to spare funds for it.The state government, which is keen on getting the MMRDA to finance the cost of a new bridge that will run parallel to the existing Vashi bridge, might be forced to find another source of funding.MMRDA officials said that they are strapped with the task of putting up large projects like the Mumbai Metro and the monorail in the city and might find it difficult to spare funds for the new bridge.Moreover, the bridge is being planned to cater to the traffic that will be covered by the proposed Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, which is going to come up at a cost of over Rs 8,800 crore. The idea was to have another bridge next to the existing four-lane Vashi bridge, to serve the Panvel area that is set to see tremendous growth. The bridge is to be built by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation ( MSRDC).The state government is keen on the project as in the next decade, Panvel will be an important area for the city's expansion with the new airport coming up nearby and several other projects taking off in the vicinity.However, MMRDA officials explained that their funds come from sale of their land in the Bandra Kurla Complex. However, this source is bound to dry up and finding funds for city projects is set to become a problem.MMRDA officials said they are strapped with the task of putting up large projects like the Mumbai Metro and monorail and may find it difficult to spare funds for the new bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129262", "title": "Traders gherao Sri Prakash Jaiswal's house", "text": "KANPUR: Several traders, led by Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, came out on roads to protest against Anwarganj-Mandhana railway route. They also gheraoed the residence of Union coal minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal and handed him a memorandum, demanding removal of the railway line.The traders marched to the house of the minister in Jagaipurwa in Lal Bangla. They held posters and banners which highlighted that the railway line which has become a cause of jam should be removed. Mandhana should be connected with Panki railway station. The traders told Jaiwsal about the problems being faced by them.The traders said that in the rail budget 2012-13, the work of survey for laying of new railway line between Mandhana and Panki was approved and it was also highlighted that the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line would be removed. But at present the work of electrification of the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line is going on. They also said that it was learnt that the railway track between the two stations would be doubled. \"This is contradictory. Therefore, we urge the local MP that he should accept the demand of the traders and respect their sentiments and get the railway tracks removed as it has become a cause of jams,\" said Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal.Mishra said that there are 19 crossings on the railway track between the two stations and whenever these crossings get closed, jams occur on a long stretch of the GT Road.GT Road runs parallel to the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line and jam often occur on prominent crossings like Gumti, Jarib Chowki, 80 Feet Road, Rawatpur and Kalyanpur whenever a train passes. The situation becomes worse when a goods train passes as it takes more time and the crossing gates remain closed for longer period, causing problem to the people.A senior member of Gumti Vyapar Mandal said that the jams affect the business in the markets that lie next to the railway tracks. He said that the traders are fighting for the cause since the last two years and continue to do so till the demand is met.Raje Gupta, president, Gumti Vyapar Mandal said that connecting Mandhana with Panki would resolve the issue.\"If the electrification of this railway line is done and the tracks are doubled then more trains would pass through the route. This railway line after electrification can be used to travelling upto Mathura and Bareilly. More trains will pass, then the crossing may close quite often and adversely affect our business. So we demand removal of this track,\" he said.Jaiswal assured traders of all possible help and said that he is making efforts to do the needful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13127177", "title": "Digitised records of wakf property not in sight yet", "text": "AP State Wakf Board prides itself as one of the biggest wakf boards in the country, with a large number of wakf properties. Incidentally, the state also holds the dubious distinction of having the largest acreage of wakf institutions under illegal occupation. With almost 60 percent of wakf lands under encroachment, AP State Wakf Board is fighting countless legal battles in courts and at the State Wakf Tribunal. The major disputes about the large extent of wakf lands are between the state government and the Wakf Board.In a bid to streamline record keeping, introduce transparency and to develop a single, web-based centralized application, the Joint Parliamentary Committee on wakfs had recommended computerization of the records of the state wakf boards with central financial assistance for these bodies.The ministry of minority affairs launched the scheme in December 2009 for computerisation of records to allow Wakf Boards them to monitor their wakfs, update property data bases, prevent encroachments, monitor incomes from wakf properties and fight legal cases.The software for the computerization process has been developed by the National Informatics Centre ( NIC) in consultation with Central Wakf Council and the ministry of minority affairs. To ensure that alienation and encroachments of wakf properties is prevented, the geographical information system with GPS is proposed to be incorporated into the scheme. The scheme entails an outlay of Rs 25 crore and funds amounting to Rs 12 crore have already been released to 26 state wakf boards across the country till the end of March 2012.The scheme is being implemented in three phases. Phase I envisages proper survey and cross-checking of wakf data from various computer data bases maintained at the state level, such as by the revenue department, improving office efficiency and preparation of timely reports on various administrative matters and creation of a centralized and web-enabled data base for use by various stake-holders.Phase II of the scheme (to be launched after evaluation of Phase I and its success) includes GIS mapping of wakf properties to prevent encroachment, funds management to mosques, dargahs, graveyards, imams, muezzins, widows, scholarships, schools, dispensaries, hospitals, musafirkhanas and skill development centres. Under Phase III, computerization of other peripheral activities of the boards is envisaged.The main components of the computerization scheme include management of properties registration, mutawalli returns, leasing of properties, litigations tracking, documents archiving and retrieval, loans management for development of urban wakf properties, Right to Information Act compliance, ensuring timely detection of reports on encroachment of wakf properties, digitization of all the manual records, deeds and legal documents, standardization and automation of wakf registers, implementation of a web-based centralization application of wakf management, pay and accounts, etc.The ministry of minority affairs has sanctioned assistance under the scheme to 26 wakf boards across the country while the sanctions for four remaining wakf boards are pending. In all, 23 wakf boards have made good initial progress on the implementation of the scheme. Incidentally, the laggards include the wakf boards of Andhra Pradesh , Delhi and West Bengal.The computerisation project is making tardy progress in AP and the pre-digitization work is yet to be started, though Rs 27 lakh was released by the ministry of minority affairs in June 2011. The coordination committee comprising officials and non-officials has not met even once. It is anybody's guess when the task would be completed.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and a journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129155", "title": "Helping them realize their right to live", "text": "It all started with youngster Shashi Kiran suffering from stage V chronic kidney ailment. He approached the Kote Foundation, a non-profit organization combating global poverty, for a financial donation for his kidney replacement.Raghurama Kote, founder of Kote Foundation, and employees of an IT firm where he was a senior official, raised Rs 3 lakh for Shashi's treatment as part of the company's corporate social responsibility (CSR).Kiran's case set Kote thinking. Realizing that there is no real platform for many people who would want to contribute for the expensive treatment of those who cannot afford it, Kote started the 'Right to Live'. It is a platform to facilitate people willing to donate for costly medical intervention of the underprivileged and lesser privileged.\"It was easy to realize that people who wanted to contribute generously were frustrated by the absence of a transparent platform, either private or government,\" says Kote.Right to Live brings the less privileged face to face with the donors, hospitals, doctors, government, charitable organizations as well as corporations. The biggest advantage is perhaps the fact that donors can rest in peace that they are indeed contributing to a genuine cause.KOTE FOUNDATION Kote Foundation that adopts an entrepreneurial approach to address the problems of global poverty, focuses on delivering affordable, critical goods and services like health, education and shelter through an innovative approach. A Kote Foundation initiative, Right to Live operations are managed by the former.FROM CHAIRMAN'S DESK Chairman and volunteer Raghurama Kote is passionate about providing basic needs of health, education and shelter to the underprivileged lot. An engineer by qualification, Kote completed a 'Leading professional services firm' course from Harvard Business School before joining the IT sector.THE PROCESS Kote says the process of recommendation is transparent. ''We take in patients who come to us via known NGOs. Often some doctors refer cases to us and we follow it up with a field survey by one of our programme co-ordinators - this is to assess the genuineness of the case,\" he says.Right to Live is supported by 'Doctors for Seva', and has tie-ups with hospitals. They assist patients in getting surgeries done at minimal cost, where doctors' fees and the hospital charges are often subsidized, if not totally waived. Only the equipment (pacemaker etc) cost has to be borne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127278", "title": "Man shows porn clip to minor, held", "text": "Mumbai: A 30-year-old man was arrested by the Tardeo police on Sunday after he allegedly showed pornographic clippings to his neighbour's 11-year-old daughter.Sandeep Dagdu Gopal works as a waiter in a local restaurant. He has been remanded in police custody.The incident came to light on Saturday when the school-going victim told her uncle that Gopal had taken her to a nearby bus stop the same day and showed her pornographic clippings.When the victim's uncle confronted the accused, he fled. Gopal was later arrested by the police.The police seized Gopal's cellphone and found many pornographic clippings on it.Sandeep Dagdu Gopal took the 11-year-old girl to a nearby bus stop on Saturday and showed her pornographic clippings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127809", "title": "State prunes 100 cr sapling plan to 30 cr", "text": "Mumbai: An ambitious plan of the Maharashtra government to undertake a tree plantation drive involving 100 crore new saplings will fall short of its target this year.Due to technical difficulties, the state government has revised its target from the 100 crore to 30 crore for this year. The balance 70 crore will be included in the revised target for the next year, an official said.Aimed at increasing the green cover from 19% to 33% and increasing output of works under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), the state government had formulated an ambitious plan to plant 100 crore saplings every year for the next five years.For the first year, the rural development department was assigned a target to plant 54 crore saplings (2,000 per gram panchayat). Another 35 crore was to be planted by the agriculture department and 8 crore by the forest department. Other departments were to share the remaining portion.But since a final government decision in this regard was taken only in October last year, the government could not set up the machinery required to plant 100 crore saplings. Nurseries, which would enable plantations of 30 crore saplings before August 15, are now being set up.The government has set a deadline of May 15 for drawing pits, whereas August 15 is the deadline for plantation. To ensure a better survival rate, the government has ruled that the saplings planted must be at least 18 months old and must have a height of at least 35 cm. No exotic species are to be planted.With a majority of the tree plantation works proposed to be taken up under MGNREGS, the reduction in target would also impact estimates of performance under the central flagship programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129342", "title": "Power crisis worsens", "text": "KANPUR: The power rostering is affecting the daily routine of the people. On an average, the city is facing six hours of power cuts.The increase in demand has led to unscheduled rostering. With mercury soaring these days, the power consumption has gone up. The gap in power generation and supply has increased and led to severe crisis. There is no fix time of rostering.The unscheduled power cuts plunge the city into darkness for hours. The city remained without power for five hours on Friday. There was no power for six hours on Saturday. People remained without power for several hours on Sunday.The localities of Kanpur south are worst affected.On Sunday, residents of Adarsh Vihar came out on roads with fans and empty water buckets to protest against power cuts. There was no power in the area for a long time after the transformer developed snag. The transformer had gone out of order on Saturday but it could not be repaired even on Sunday. This irked the residents, who came out on roads and protested against Kesco.On Saturday, the residents of Barra come out on roads to protest. The agitating lot included a large number of women. They irate mob reached the Barra sub-station and ghearoed it.On Friday, several areas of south Kanpur faced power rostering for several hours. The affected localities witnessed power rostering for more than half the day. At around 5 am, rostering was done in various localities connected to 220 KV Naubasta and 132 KV Krishana Nagar substations. Initially, the power was restored at 11.45 am but for a small period. The consumers getting power from Naubasta substation face power cuts thrice in one hour. Thereafter, there was no power from 1 pm till evening. In the evening also, power cut was done several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127262", "title": "RTO survey on running costs of Fiat cabs starts today", "text": "Mumbai: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) will conduct a survey of black-and-yellow Fiat taxis from Monday to ascertain running costs on city roads.The three-day survey is being conducted as per a directive of the Hakim committee, which has been set up to devise a fare hike formula for taxis and autorickshaws.\"We willexamine old Fiat models, which comprise majority of taxis on city roads and establish the costs incurred by drivers to run these taxis. Ten inspectors will conduct the survey,\" said deputy RTO (Wadala) Abhay Deshpande.\"We will calculate the fuel efficiency of taxis, number of idle hours spent on road and waiting time during traffic jams. It will help in deciding fare hikes for cabbies in future,\" he added.Consumer activists, especially from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, and union representatives will be present when the survey is conducted. Auto union leader Sharad Rao has demanded that the survey should be linked to the cost of living index.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128154", "title": "Dr Ishoo Taneja wins Super Mom contest", "text": "PATNA: Dr Ishoo Taneja was declared Super Mom 2012, followed by Kastoori Jha and Dr Chitra as first and second runner-up, respectively, at the Super Mom contest organized as part of the Mother's Day celebrations here on Sunday.The three top winners of the last year's Super Mom contest, which was organized on a similar occasion, offered the tiara to this year's winners amid the high voltage music.The gala function, where the audience comprising children and their parents were treated with snacks and other delicacies, had an element of fun and festivity to add to the celebratory ambience.The comperes conducted the ramp show for participants. Other related contests were also organized amid music and applause.The Super Mom 2012 contest was organized by The Times of India and Radio Mirchi, with 12 separate sponsors contributing their backup support to add to the joy of winning mothers and enthusiastic audience, including frolicsome children.The sponsors included Nakshatra P&M; Mall Shyam Jewels, Sudha, Samsung, VLCC, Baidyanath, Patna Cosmetic &amp; Laser Clinic , Rakesh Masala, Hotel Chanakya as hospitality partner, Nandini The Saree Shop, Smriddhi, Swagat Departmental Store and Advantage Services Event Management. Of course, the gift hampers for the winners came from them.Besides, the Super Mom contest organizers also declared winners of eight other separate events for which there were distinctive awards. Monica Singh won Sudha Nirupa Rai Award, Manjari Singh won Sudha Mom Award, Shweta Agarwal clinched Samsung Bawarchi Mom Award, Rashmi bagged Rakesh Masala Breaking News Mom Award, Anjali was declared Baidyanath Mommie Kant Award, Ritu Sareen won VLCC Best Hair Mom Award, Dr Ishoo Raj Taneja lifted VLCC Flawless Skin Mom Award and Shalini Singh was bestowed with the VLCC Figurine Mom Award.By and large, the organizers had so imaginatively organized the programme that the participating contestants and audience had definite break from the routine and mundane.Yet, after the contestants had walked the ramp to the delight of cheering onlookers, the conducting comperes picked up children to 'reveal secrets' of their parents.One of them said that his mummy was in the habit of taking money out from his father's pocket! The other one said that his mummy was in the habit of making only one type of vegetable! Third one said that his Mom used talcum so much that to him she appeared to be sitting in a talcum powder dabba!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13129268", "title": "174 schools in Dharwad complete 100 years", "text": "Dharwad: Known as educational hub, Dharwad district has 174 primary schools which has completed 100 years of existence. The department of public instructions has chalked out a plan to bring out booklets on each of these schools. The booklet will contain information of establishment of the school, its achievements, teachers, alumni and donors among others.Dharwad city has 12 schools which are over 100 years while Dharwad rural has 29 schools. In Hubli rural there are 22 schools, Hubli city has 15 schools, Kalghatagi taluk has 14 schools, Kundgol has 28 schools and Navalgund has 54 schools which is over a century.The plan is to publish booklets on the centurion schools in nine districts coming under the office of additional commissioner of public instruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129664", "title": "Gender studies", "text": "The Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) has launched a PG diploma in women's and gender studies in the distance education mode. It will be run through Ignou's School of Gender and Development Studies (SOGDS) and will begin from the upcoming session.The 34 credit programme comprises four core courses - theories and concepts , power, arts and media and gendered bodies.\"Gender is a critical subject, both nationally and internationally and this course will give students a conceptual and theoretical base and will enable them to understand the subject historically . The four core courses will adopt an interdisciplinary approach to deal with issues,\" explains Anu Aneja, programme co-ordinator , Ignou.The core courses are intended to equip students with foundational knowledge in the discipline to prepare them for relevant employment opportunities later on, adds Aneja.Talking about the added value that students will get after completing the course, Aneja says, \"The programme focuses on developing analytical and critical perspectives by examining given knowledge discourses across disciplines from a gender perspective. Since the course adopts an interdisciplinary approach, students will be aware of issues and will be able to apply what they learn in practice,\" says Aneja.After students complete the course, their career path can span across many areas. \"Employment opportunities can be sought in NGOs, public sector, counselling , media, mass communication, journalism, writing, editing, teaching and other fields where a basic, conceptual understanding of gender issues is required.People who are already employed in various fields (NGOs, counselling, law, medical, journalism, media, etc) can also take this programme as an avenue for knowledge enrichment and for better career opportunities within their respective fields,\" says Aneja.Admission is open to all students with an undergraduate degree in any discipline.&gt; AT A GLANCEThe 34 CREDIT programme comprises FOUR CORE COURSES JULY 15: LAST DATE for submission of applications WEBSITE: www.ignou.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129229", "title": "In black and white", "text": "Globally, it is estimated that there are only 1,600 Giant Pandas left in the wild. They are now classified as endangered. The giant panda in China is threatened, thanks to its disappearing habitat, the forest. Once found across the country, they are now found only in a small pocket of forests in southern China. Poaching of Giant Pandas is now not only illegal, but even punishable by death.\"China's rise in the early 21century is radically impacting the environment. I knew that this would be an opportunity to document what is happening at such an important time in human history,\" says Sean Gallagher , who has been photographing environmental issues in China since 2006.Gallagher even produced a seven-part multimedia series about China's disappearing wetlands . When he first arrived in China around six years ago, he covered a range of topics including issues related to health, society and politics. He soon realised that his passion was in photographing issues related to the environment. His interest in environment and conservation issues began when he was at high school in the UK. He went on to study zoology at university, which got him interested in the biological sciences. \"When I discovered photography, I knew that it could be the perfect vehicle to convey my concerns about the environment and biodiversity ,\" he adds.The photographer, who received a grant from the Pulitzer Centre in 2011, says that the Pulitzer Centre on Crisis Reporting offers funding to independent reporters who want to cover issues, which they feel are under-reported , mis-reported , or not reported at all. He informs, \"I have received three grants from the Pulitzer Centre on Crisis Reporting to cover environmental issues in China.Given a chance, what would he do to save pandas globally and restore their habitat? \"Unfortunately , I am not too optimistic about the future of the giant panda in the wild. Even though China has set up over 60 nature reserves to protect their habitat, development in the rural areas in the West is increasing with every passing year and human impact is still being felt, even in protected areas,\" says Gallagher.FACE-TO-FACEThe closest that Gallagher has came to Giant Pandas was when he was able to access the incubation centre for newborns at the Chengdu Panda Base.\"As this area is closed to the public, I was granted special permission to photograph them, within the restricted area reserved for staff and on-site scientists ,\" he recalls.He further points out that many of the challenges India is facing with regards to the environment and wildlife are similar to those in China. \"Both countries are developing quickly with rapidly increasing populations. Threats to fragile ecosystems are the same and we are noting a rapid and severe decrease in biodiversity in both the nations. It is important that we are able to learn from one another and not make mistakes made in the past. I hope India and China can share knowledge in order to protect the remaining biodiversity in both countries,\" he says.As to his future plans, Gallagher hopes to expand his work documenting environmental countries by photographing in south and south-east Asia. \"I would like to photograph in India and help Indians understand more about the threats to the environment ,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127148", "title": "Threat calls to law minister: 2 held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two youths, including an engineering student, were arrested on Sunday for trying to extort Rs 4 crore from law minister Erasu Pratap Reddy. They were arrested from their residences in Vadlaramapuram, Kurnool district.A few days ago, the law minister had lodged a complaint with the Punjagutta police claiming that he was receiving threat calls. The anonymous callers were threatening to kill the minister if he did not pay them Rs 4 crore. On Sunday evening, a special team nabbed Rajesh, 25, a final year engineering student and Shiva, 21, a barber of Vadlaramapuram in Atmakur mandal of Kurnool district, based on the minister's cellphone details.\"The duo got the minister's number from some locals and started making threat calls. We have nabbed them from their native place in Atmakur mandal,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Punjagutta, D Venkata Narsaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128622", "title": "Police claim drop in vehicle thefts", "text": "NASHIK: The city police claimed that there has been a drop in vehicle thefts after combing operations in various parts of the city.The operations followed the rising number thefts and the tendency of people to purchase vehicles without documents at throwaway prices. Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal ordered the operations to get to the root of vehicle thefts and his teams raided slums in various areas, checking documents of vehicles. If people failed to provide the papers, the vehicles were seized and returned only when all documents were handed in.Assistant commissioner of police P Ganesh Shinde said, \"A few weeks back, we undertook combing operations in and around Phule Nagar in Panchavati and seized 141 vehicles. In subsequent investigations, only two to three vehicles were found without documents. Nonetheless, the campaign has brought down the number of vehicle thefts.\" Forty vehicles were seized from Wadala but the police did not get any major leads there.The police have also fined owners of bikes with fancy number plates.In contrast to combing operations for vehicle thefts a few weeks back, the police on Sunday took up another operation in Phule Nagar, but focused on habitual offenders. Nearly 24 offenders were detained, Shinde said, and 22 motorcycles were seized, four without documents. The Manmad police took into custody four of the 24.Sunday's operation at 4.30am was led by a deputy commissioner, an assistant commissioner, 12 inspectors, two assistant inspectors, two sub-ins- pectors and 83 employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13127288", "title": "Tribals\u2019 killing: Naxals call for bandh in East division", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Four days after the reported exchange of fire at Luvvasingi in G Madugula mandal on Thursday, Maoists claimed that police had brutally killed two innocent tribals in the fake encounter. They called for a bandh in the east division consisting of Visakhapatnam and East Godavari districts on May 15 in protest against the fake encounter. The Maoist partyalleged the tribals were killed after they were picked by the special police parties.East division secretary Bakuri Venkata Ramana alias Ganesh in a press note on Sunday alleged that the police were cooking up a false story that they had killed two of their cadres in the encounter. They had, in fact, gunned down two tribals, Korabu Tellanna Padal and Vandalam Appa Rao, and made it look like a genuine encounter by dropping a tapancha, hand grenades and a landmine bucket at the alleged encounter site, he said.The Maoist leader said that a large number of Greyhounds personnel opened fire on them when their PLGA wing cadres were camping at Pandavulu hills near Luvvasingi to organize the Alluri Manyam Pituri Sena celebrations. The cops allegedly fired 10 shells and 400 rounds on the Maoists. The PLGA wing retaliated the fire. The exchange of fire lasted 45 minutes. He clarified that there was no loss of life or injuries sustained by their cadre.\"The Greyhounds personnel killed the tribals in cold blood as they did not get the 'expected' result from the exchange of fire. They shot dead two innocent men and tried to portray them as Red rebels,\" he alleged. The Maoist leader urged the people to condemn the brutal act of the police.He alleged that police under the guidance of tribal welfare minister P Balaraju were employing oppressive tactics to wipe out the Maoist party from Visakhapatnam district. Ganesh said the security personnel had killed several innocent tribals in the name of exchanges of fire in the last five years. He warned the Congress government and its leaders of dire consequences for the repressive methods used on the tribals and Maoist party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126818", "title": "Pool mishap: Boy dies of brain damage", "text": "COIMBATORE: The seven-year-old boy, who was admitted to a leading private hospital in the city, brain damaged after he met with an accident while taking summer swimming coaching at the Coimbatore corporation swimming pool near Gandhi Park on Wednesday, died on Sunday afternoon.The boy has been identified as J Jason, son of John Michael Raj, a psychiatry professor with Bharathiyar University. Raj belongs to PK Jetty Street in Kottaimedu. The child was a second standard student at a leading private school in the city. Soon after the death was confirmed, city police have registered cases against swimming pool contractor Arul Sundar and instructor Siva for criminal negligence and lack of safety standards.The distraught parents have pleaded with the police not to allow any coaching at the swimming pool till the corporation meets to discuss all safety standards. Corporation officials, meanwhile, claimed that fresh tenders were being called for maintenance of the swimming pool and that they would ensure it was handed over to proper contractors for maintenance and safety of swimmers. The swimming pool has been closed for the past four days.The incident occurred on Wednesday when the boy and his father had gone to the corporation swimming pool for a summer swimming coaching camp. The boy dived into the pool and since there was no proper trainer in the vicinity, he almost drowned and a lot of water went into his internal organs. The blood supply to his brain was also cut off for more than 20 minutes since he was not given any first aid or Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) immediately after the mishap.The pool is about 62X22 feet in size and the shallow end is about 3.5 foot deep. The depth at the other end is about 12 feet. The pool was not being properly maintained as there was only a group of youth, all in their early 20s, without any proper training in first aid attending to the swimmers at the pool.According to his father, it was the negligence of pool contractor and trainer that resulted in the tragedy. The boy had dived into water following instructions of the diving instructor, he said. But Jason did not surface and the trainer also noticed it late before he was pulled out of the water. There were not even adequate life guards near the pool for observing trainees when the camp was going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13126907", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation sleeps as land sharks eye prime property in Jubilee Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the city is craving for lung space, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is turning a blind eye on open spaces meant for public purposes. A 3,798.8 square metres (4,542.37 square yards) open space, worth about Rs three crore, is under threat of encroachment, but no steps are being taken by the corporation to protect the prime land despite revenue officials asking civic officials to take possession of the land. Official sources said there is a 6,595 sq metre parcel of government land adjacent to Rock Garden in Jubilee Hills.A part of the land, about 1,274 sq metres (TS No 7) and another 1522.8 sq metres (TS No 10/3) were handed over to Deccan Infrastructure and Land Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of the AP Housing Board, a few years ago on the government's instructions. The remaining land, 3,798.8 sq metres (TS No 9, Block A and Ward No 12) is lying vacant for the past few years.Eying the vacant land which is without any fencing, some people started grabbing the prime land and even constructed a small place of worship on the land, officials said. A little later, some people, who claim to be close to a city MLA, started plotting the land and put it up for sale. On knowing the encroachment, the district administration stepped in and stopped further work on the land.With land grabbers claiming ownership over the land, the district collector wrote to the GHMC to verify the layout and provide details. The GHMC deputy municipal commissioner of Circle 7 replied in January this year confirming the piece of the land as an open space of Jubilee Hills.Based on the reply from the corporation, the Shaikpet tahasildar served notices on the land grabbers on February 8 under the Land Encroachment Act, 1905. One Mohd Azam, in his reply, claimed that the land was not government land, but a private one. Again a survey was conducted by the tahasildar and the final order was passed in March establishing that it is a government land. Later, the revenue authorities removed plotting stones and put up signboards stating, 'This land belongs to the government'.After erecting the board in March, the land protection wing sent a letter to the GHMC commissioner to take possession of the land and develop the open space either as a park or use it for any public purpose.Hyderabad district special grade deputy collector (Land Protection) TK Rama Mani said: \"The district collector has sent another letter to the GHMC commissioner and zonal commissioner a couple of days ago directing them to take possession of the land. We are waiting for the reply.\"Sources said the GHMC has not taken any steps to take over the land under pressure from an MIM MLA. \"Since it is an open space, the corporation should fence the land and develop a park immediately,\" sources said. When contacted, GHMC deputy municipal commissioner (Circle X) T Sakala Reddy confirmed they had received a letter from the collector a month ago on the open space in Jubilee Hills, but it was forwarded to Circle 7 as field inspection revealed that the land was in that circle's jurisdiction. Deputy municipal commissioner (Circle 7) P Nagaveni said she has not seen the file and would respond only after going through it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133801", "title": "German on a cycle trip of India!", "text": "Marek Mahn, a German national, is travelling the length and breadth of India on his bicycleBack in 2003, Marek Mahn, who was studying Computer Science, was in Vadodara for about six months as a trainee. While he \"loved the city and wanted to come here again\", he \"didn't think even in my (his) wildest dreams\" that he will undertake a journey on his cycle for the same! But this \"crazy idea\" recently struck him, and Marek set out on his cycle for a journey of a lifetime \"for some serious fun.\" He shares, \"I have been away from home for more than 10 months and covered 18 countries, including Croatia , Serbia, Turkey , Iran , Armenia , Oman , Sri Lanka and India. And even though I am a vegetarian, I think India is a foodie's paradise! I have travelled in almost 60 cities in India and everywhere, people have been very friendly. I loved visiting the Ajanta and Ellora Caves and found the temple architecture in South India amazing.\"Talking of his Vadodara connection, he says, \"I think the city has changed a lot. There are a lot more fancy buildings and fast food joints now. It was really nice to meet my friend Piyush Gupta, who was very helpful during my student days here in 2003. I had another close friend here who now stays in Chennai, and I am going there to meet him!\"Ask this IT consultant about how his family reacted to his plan of undertaking a mini world tour on a bicycle and he laughs, \"My family as well as friends said that it was a crazy idea, and that they expected nothing less from me! But honestly, to explore the real beauty of any place and understand it well, you need to spend time there with the people and travel slowly. And traveling in a cycle allows me to do exactly that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126783", "title": "Valparai summer fest begins on May 26", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Summer Festival, 2012 will be held between May 26 and 27 at Valparai in Coimbatore district. Various government departments including tourism, agriculture, horticulture and police will participate in the festival.The Coimbatore city police will be organizing a sniffer dog show during the event. A flower show will be organized by the department of horticulture during the festival. On view will be flowers that are found in the forests of the Western Ghats. Another feature of the festival will be a mini-exhibition showcasing products of self-help groups.The district administration has requested the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation to run special buses from Coimbatore, Pollachi, Udumalpet and Palani to Valparai.The district administration has also instructed department officials to ensure that plastic covers are not allowed into the hill town. Forest department has been asked to seize plastic covers if visitors come with them.The summer festival is being organized annually since 2008 to market Valparai, largely a tea town, as a tourist destination. Despite being surrounded by forests teeming with wildlife on all four sides, the town doesn't attract tourists in large numbers when compared to Ooty and Kodaikanal. Coimbatore district collector M Karunagaran said that over 50,000 people were expected to visit Valparai during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130458", "title": "Chiru Son-in-Law to join YSR Congress?", "text": "Heard this? Chiranjeevi's son-in-law Sirish Bharadwaj is all set to join Jagan's YSR Congress it seems. Sources say that YV Subba Reddy of the party is currently holding talks with Sirish and is likely to rope him into the party shortly. Sirish Bharadwaj has been staying away from his wife Sreeja (Chiranjeevi's younger daughter) ever since she filed a case against him on the grounds of dowry harassment. To counter Chiranjeevi in the coming by-elections, it's been rumored that Jagan's party is planning to bring Sirish on board. Ask Sirish about the same and he says, \"I came to seek Subba Reddy's blessings for my birthday and there's nothing political about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127489", "title": "3 arrested in housing scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mohali police have unearthed a housing scam and arrested three officials of two leading real estate construction companies based in Zirakpur.The arrested officials have been identified as Satish Garg, Atma Ram and project manager Dharender Singh. While Satish is the younger brother of the managing director of Royal Empire Jeevan Garg, Atma Ram is Gargs father. The arrests came after tricity residents Tarun Goel, V K Gupta and Om Prakash lodged three FIRs against the accused.The complainants alleged that they were not given houses even though the accused had taken over Rs 1 crore each from them, said Inspector Trilochan Singh, SHO, Zirakpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128878", "title": "When and how much tax is deducted at source?", "text": "The tax deducted at source, or TDS, is applicable on earnings from various financial instruments. Here's a guide to help you know when TDS is applicable.When is tax deducted at source?There is no uniform rate for TDS. It can range from 1% for sale proceeds from selling a house, to 30% for winnings from a horse race. Here's a look at how much TDS is cut from your earnings.SalaryAt the beginning of the financial year, or when you join a new organisation, your employer will ask you to fill an investment declaration form. This will include the maximum tax deductions allowed under Sections 80C, 80D and other tax-saving instruments. If, despite all these deductions , your salary is above the exemption limit, TDS will be cut from it every month.Lottery winningsMoney won in a lottery, puzzle competition or a horse race is subject to the highest TDS rate of 30%. The TDS is applicable even on non-cash winnings.Bank accountsIf the interest you have earned from your bank FD is above 10,000, you will receive it after the bank deducts tax. This exemption limit also applies to interest earned from a bank savings account.PropertyWhether it is rental income or the money that you get after selling a house, you will receive the final amount only after tax is deducted. However, you can avail of exemptions in both cases.Superannuation fund and debenturesIf you withdraw money from a superannuation fund, it is added to the income and if your income is above the taxable limit, TDS will be applicable. In the case of debentures, interest income up to 2,500 is exempt from tax deduction.Gold and silverThe finance minister recently announced that from July onwards, cash used to buy gold and silver jewellery worth more than 5 lakh will have to pay taxes upfront.How to save on TDSNo TDS is applicable on the interest earned from a recurring deposit. However, once you receive the maturity amount, it will be added to your income and you will have to pay tax on it. If your income is below the taxable limit, but the interest earned from your deposits is above 10,000, you can submit form 15 G/H to the bank at the beginning of the financial year to not cut TDS.What to watch out forWhen you file your return, calculate the total income and the tax bracket you fall under, to determine the balance tax to be paid. If your income is taxable, you will have to pay the differential tax. Don't think you can avoid paying taxes by not declaring your permanent account number. All the taxes that are cut on your behalf by a bank, an individual or an organisation are listed in Form 26 AS, which is also called the annual tax statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore/ bangalore", "code": "13129587", "title": "Uncertainty rules in BSY, DVS camps", "text": "Mangalore/ Bangalore: Fearing that the Karnataka crisis could singe the party irredeemably, the central leadership on Sunday summoned former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's confidante and energy minister Shobha Karandlaje to New Delhi. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is already in New Delhi to attend the 60th anniversary celebrations of Parliament.Uncertainty ruled both Yeddyurappa and Sadananda Gowda camps through Sunday. Upset about the turbulence gripping the party, Gowda said in Mangalore: \"As of now, the situation hasn't reached the level where elections are an option. In the past, we've resolved crises worse than the present one.\" When individual pursuits become a primary obsession that cannot be resolved, it's better to seek a fresh mandate, he said.The CM admitted that the party was facing a crisis, and people didn't expect this from the BJP. On his part, Yeddyurappa fired salvos from a private function in Bangalore, likening Gowda to a \"devil quoting the scriptures\". The trigger was Gowda's comment on Saturday that politicians of today believe that God will forgive their sins if they visit temples and offer huge sums of offerings. The former CM said Gowda was time and again humiliating party MPs and MLAs, making them angry.\"I will decide on their resignations at an appropriate time.\"Asked about the eight ministers and 10 MLAs who have handed their resignations to him, Yeddyurappa said, \"If Gowda (so) wants, all the ministers will submit their resignations to him.\"Yeddyurappa's residence continued to be a hive of activities. Senior minister S Suresh Kumar, too, visited the renegade's house for negotiations. Earlier, party state unit president K S Eshwarappa met rural development and panchayat minister Jagadish Shettar, seen as belonging to the Yeddyurappa camp, and held deliberations. Suresh Kumar and party organization leaders Santosh and Sateesh accompanied him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131218", "title": "Neethane En Ponvasantham Audio Rights", "text": "Neethane En Ponvasanthan is the most prestigious project that holds Gautham Menon's direction along with the music of maestro Ilayaraja, who is composing after a long time. Sony is stepping forward to bag the distribution rights of this NEP album now.Sony Music is all set to acquire the audio rights of Neethane En Ponvasantham and Yeto Vellipoindi Manasu for a whooping cost of Rs.2crores, but nothing is finalized yet. Sources close to them say that, the deal might be concluded for 2.5crores atleast.Samantha is playing the female lead in this Tamil/Telugu bilingual movie that will cast Jeeva as the lead in Tamil version, while Nani will essay the role of Varun Krishna, the Mechanical engineering student in Telugu. Shooting of NEP is taking place in fast shape and the makers are now planning to sell the music rights to Sony Music, seeing its craze among the audiences.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131209", "title": "'Vikram Prabhu is fun to be with says,' Karthika", "text": "Actress Karthika is excited to be sharing screen space with Vikran Prabhu, son of actor Prabhu and grandson of the late Sivaji Ganesan. \"This is the first time we're teaming up,\" says Karthika, from the sets of actor Vijay's first production venture, in which she is pairing up with Vikram Prabhu.\"He is backed with his experience in theatre from San Diego and is a confident actor. Since both of us have a film lineage, we end up talking a lot, especially about films,\" she says.Karthika says that only recently, actor Prabhu and his family had made a quick visit to the sets; and that too, with home-cooked food for the entire crew. \"Prabhu uncle is known for his hospitality and on this particular visit too, he lived up to his tradition,\" she says with a laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131427", "title": "Kalakalappu opens well", "text": "Sundar C's directorial venture Kalakalappu has opened well. Thanks to UT and Avni Cinemax aggressive marketing, the movie managed to get a good opening.The presence of Santhanam has come handy for this multi-starrer. Santhanam, who hogged all limelight with his recent-release Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, carries the movie in his shoulders ably supported by the likes of Vimal, Shiva, Anjali and Oviya.AT urban centres the response has been tremendous. The film has been receiving good word-of-mouth publicity and no doubt, it would stay for a longer innings, many in the trade say.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126991", "title": "Enough water to meet citizens' demand till July", "text": "BHOPAL: Worried residents of the city can heave a sigh of relief over water supply this summer. Even if there is a delay in the arrival of monsoons this year, there is sufficient water in the reservoirs to quench the thirst of the citizens till July end this year.\"We have sufficient water to meet the demands of the residents this summer,\" Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) Commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. Instead of a water crisis, \"This year the errant water distribution system was creating the crisis\".This year, Upper Lake and Kolar together have sufficient levels of water to last till July. Moreover, Narmada water supply was acting as an aid to the already existing two reservoirs. Presently, the corporation is supplying 24 million gallon per day from the Upper Lake, 32 million gallon per day from Kolar and about 20 mgd from Narmada river.\"Even if we supply same quantity of water to the residents daily, we won't face shortage of water till July end-when the monsoon may arrive,\" Udit Garg, Upper lake conservation officer told TOI. Former mayor Sunil Sood has cautioned the authorities from going overboard over the water levels in the reservoirs. He said that the civic body was forced to cut daily water supply into alternate day supply following scarce rains in 2008 and the later years.However, with more than average rainfalls received in the last two years the water levels in the city reservoirs are satisfactory. It was after a gap of three years that BMC started daily supply of water in the city from February 2012. The corporation has also mulled a proposal for 24x7 water supply under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model shortly. Bhopal will be one of the three cities in the state receiving 24x7 water supply in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126623", "title": "Better economic ties with Pak good for both countries: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that the state and the Central governments are taking concrete steps to tackle terrorism.Chavan was in the city to release a book titled 'Jwalagrahi Pakistan', a Marathi translation of a book by M J Akbar. The function was organized by 'Sarhad'. Sanjay Nahar, who is with 'Sarhad', said that a series of books have been planned on the issue of India-Pakistan relations.Chavan said that like India, several countries are faced with this seemingly endless problem of terrorism. \"Terrorists want to spread fear in common people's minds. We should remain prepared to fight out this fear. Steps need to be taken to face the non-conventional warfare theories of terrorists and those who are supporting such activities,\" said Chavan.Chavan said the state and the Central government are in a dialogue on various new ideas that will help fight this menace effectively. \"Considerable economic resources of the country have been spent so far on fighting terrorism. The country could have otherwise utilized these funds for better and faster development.\" Chavan, however, said that despite several attempts made to disturb communal harmony, people in India are united.Chavan pointed out that good economic relations and increased trade and business with Pakistan can help improve bilateral ties. Earlier, Sarhad's Sanjay Nahar said that a series of books have been planned for publication on the issue of India-Pakistan relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129631", "title": "Biomedical sciences", "text": "Biomedical sciences, which is being taught at Acharya Narendra Dev College since 1999, is a popular course among students wanting to study science at an undergraduate level.While there are 46 seats for the course, the department receives more than 500 applications every year. Earlier , there used to be an entrance examination , but now, students with a minimum of 55% marks in +2 are eligible to apply. According to Gagan Dhawan, head of biomedical sciences department, Acharya Narendra Dev College, it is a sought-after course among students. In course of studying, students are groomed to express themselves (both in writing as well as in oration) in an effective manner. They are encouraged to think for themselves and plan experiments creatively.\"Regular assignments, presentations and seminars are mandatory for each student. Focus is on peer-learning and working in collaborative teams, besides placing emphasis on individual hands-on training,\" Dhawan adds.In the second year of the course, it is mandatory for students to undertake summer projects in various research institutes, universities and pharmaceutical companies. \"The training exposes students to current techniques and methodologies employed in the area of biomedical science and helps them shape into independent researches,\" he says.Also, with the market demands changing, the course has been revised recently. Apart from regular topics (biology, human psychology, microbiology, biophysics, etc) that were already part of the curriculum, pharmacology (a study of effect of medicines on human body), genetics and genomics, bio-informatics , and human genetics have been added to the curriculum. Also, earlier, chemistry was not taught as a full-fledged subject, but now it is a separate paper . Statistics, too, is now offered as a maths-statistics combination,\" informs Dhawan.The course, he says, is for students who want a career in research or in industry. The diverse experience prepares students for the evolving arena of biomedical sciences. Besides, students at the undergraduate level get to learn a wide range of subjects, which makes it easier for them to choose a specialised subject for their Master's and PhD.Talking about career prospects, Dhawan says, generally students are not encouraged to go for jobs after graduation. Instead, they are advised to do their Master's and PhD. This is because jobs, after graduation, are not lucrative since students are not subject-specialists yet. \"Therefore, after graduation, more than 90% students go for a Master's in science at various colleges in the country and around 10% opt for an MBA. After their Master's , more than 50% students go abroad for their PhD.\"\"After specialising in their choice of subjects, most students get placed in pharmaceutical companies like Dabur and Ranbaxy, among others,\" adds Dhawan.&gt; AT A GLANCECOURSE FEE: RS 17,000 per-annum (approx) ELIGIBILITY: 55% marks in +2 WEBSITE: andcollege.du.ac.in SEATS: 46 2YEAR: PROJECTS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133745", "title": "Siddharth, Samantha in a bilingual", "text": "After the success of Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi, Siddharth has signed for a movie with young Samantha. It is being directed by is being helmed by director Nandini Reddy.Buzz is that producer Bellamkonda Suresh will produce the movie in Tamil and Telugu.'Its a love story but we worked hard on the script to add loads of fun moments to design it as a wholesome entertainer and attract all sections of the audience', says the producer.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128680", "title": "Antony panel wants strong general secretaries to keep leaders on a leash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Antony committee is learnt to have sought strong general secretaries in AICC to stop motormouth leaders in election campaigns, a recommendation rooted in its finding that reckless statements from partymen played a role in the debacle in Uttar Pradesh.Analyzing the Congress defeat in the recent assembly polls, the panel is learnt to have dwelt on the issue of discipline, the lack of which is seen behind the reckless statements on issues as varied as Batla House, Muslim quota and imposition of President's rule.The committee of A K Antony, Sheila Dikshit and Sushil Kumar Shinde reportedly concluded that AICC should have strong general secretaries to control the tendency among partymen to shoot off their mouth. It may also mean that AICC leaders given the charge of states should be strong enough to stand up to local satraps.The leader in-charge of Punjab Gulchain Singh Charak is seen as too much of a lightweight in front of personalities like PCC chief Amarinder Singh or legislature party leader Rajinder Kaur Bhattal. It may have resulted in his being rendered irrelevant in the state campaign while the senior leaders went their way. Though UP in-charge Digvijay Singh is a heavyweight, it was a free-for-all with ministers Sriprakash Jaiswal, Salman Khurshid and Beni Prasad Verma speaking without restraint.The recommendation, disclosed by a senior leader in the know of the report, has triggered speculation if the report would lead to an AICC reshuffle or a rejig in work allocation of office-bearers.To discourage rudderless statements in future, sources said the panel suggested that state presidents and legislative party leaders should confine themselves to policy issues or else seek permission from AICC to speak.The panel said that CLP and PCC leaders should increase their interaction with common people by being accessible.In another suggestion, the committee wants the party to distribute tickets one year to 18 months before assembly elections.While Congress in UP improved upon its tradition of giving tickets at the last minute, it could not match the alacrity of SP and BSP which gave tickets over one year in advance. In Punjab, Goa and Uttarakhand , the tickets were delayed till the last fortnight, well after rivals BJP and the Akali Dal.The Antony committee, formed in 2008 to look into the spate of assembly defeats, had suggested that the party allocate tickets six months before elections. While Congress tried to meet the timeline in UP, party strategists said they still fell short of the regional outfits which had sent their nominees to assembly seats much in advance. \"It is about who wins the loyalty of workers in constituencies. Normally, it is the one who is first on the ground,\" a senior leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13128008", "title": "Uttar Pradesh govt seeks report on I-T raids in Noida", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government has swung into action following a series of income tax raids on officials of Noida and Greater Noida authorities on Friday. First, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner, AK Gupta flew to Delhi on Friday to conclude an ongoing inquiry into the financial irregularities in land allotments, tendering and project clearances made by both development authorities.On Saturday, after directing the Noida and Greater Noida authorities to initiate punitive action against all indicted officers, Gupta, on Sunday, shot off a letter to Income Tax department's Director General (investigations), SS Bajpayee, seeking a preliminary report into the IT raids. Speaking to TOI, Gupta said: I have formally written to Mr Bajpayee asking him for a preliminary report into the IT raids in Noida and Greater Noida so that we may take more stringent action against the officers attached with both authorities.''Though a deadline for tabling the report has not been fixed, Bajpayee, Gupta said, has promised to furnish the details to the state government very soon''.Also, after assessing the financial irregularities brought to light in the two development authorities, Gupta will submit a report to the state government, tentatively later this week. Earlier, the Allahabad High Court had ordered an inquiry into the anomalous allotment of land, among other irregularities, by the Noida and Greater Noida authorities. Though the state government had then turned down a request for a CBI enquiry into the matter, the state government deputed top-level government officials to conduct an inquiry and report the matter. Though senior IAS officer Sanjay Agarwal began the probe, it will now be concluded by AK Gupta, the current IIDC.Income tax department officials, on Friday, carried out searches at the offices and residences of three general managers (GMs) of the Greater Noida Authority and a chief finance officer of the Noida Authority. These officers are said to be close to prominent people in the previous BSP government. The income tax department had also raided some establishments of four builders.There are allegations that these officials gave undue clearance to projects, land allotment, tenders and payment to builders. The raids were said to have been conducted following complaints of irregularities in projects worth crores of rupees and amassing wealth greater than their known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13127836", "title": "Teen who robbed woman in Delhi held in Sanpadahmed", "text": "Navi Mumbai: A 19-year-old boy, who along with his associates, attacked and robbed a senior citizen in New Delhi and took shelter in Navi Mumbai, was arrested by the Delhi police on Sunday.In a joint operation, the property cell of the city crime branch and the special cell of the Delhi police picked up Amar Ugrasen Bhardwaraj from Sector 5 in Sanpada. Sources said cops searched Bhardwaraj's relative's apartment at Sanpada and recovered three gold rings and cash collectively worth Rs 1.99 lakh. Police said Bhardwaraj has hidden the remaining booty with his two associates.On May 10, Bhardwaraj along with his associates barged into the victim Madhumala Mittal's residence at Moti Nagar in New Delhi and robbed her of gold ornaments and cash collectively worth Rs 25 lakh at knife-point. Based on eyewitness accounts, the police found it was Bhardwaraj who would work as a domestic help in a locality nearby. Cops said they want to take Bhardwaraj to Delhi to interrogate him and nab his two associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13128503", "title": "Local forecast refutes IMD weather report", "text": "RANCHI: If district-level forecast of India Meteorological Department (IMD) is to be believed, Ranchi would have 42oC to 45oC in the next couple of days.While monthly mean temperature for Ranchi in May has been 37.2oC, the all-time record of highest maximum temperature in May was recorded 43.1oC in 1962. Given these facts, is Ranchi really going to experience this peak in maximum temperature this year?At least local experts do not believe this. IMD director in Ranchi G K Mohanty said the forecast issued for all major districts of the country should be read in perspective of local conditions. \"The same IMD website predicts 39oC maximum temperature for Ranchi in the next couple of days because the effect of local situation has been kept under consideration to announce the forecast,\" he said.The forecast that is linked with the map of India predicts 39oC during the next two days which is 3 degrees and 6 degrees lower than the district-level forecast.Mohanty said there are chances of rainfall in isolated parts of the state due to wind circulation, sky partly covered with clouds and chances of sudden cooling effect in the lower atmosphere. \"The temperature may go up by a few degrees but we also expect a cooling effect due to certain weather changes,\" he said.Birsa Agriculture University agromet adviser A Wadood also predicted rainfall during the next 48 hours and considerable lowering of temperature. \"The condition is congenial for convectional rainfall because moisture incursion could be felt and high temperature is adding to it everyday,\" he said.Wadood added that this summer both minimum and maximum temperatures in Ranchi has remained close to climate normal. \"Unlike previous year when the maximum temperature on May 14 was recorded to be 42.4oC, this year the maximum temperature in Ranchi has not yet touched the 40-degree mark,\" he said. The day temperature in Kanke has not crossed 36oC and every heat spell has till date been alternated by a weather phenomena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134737", "title": "Smriti gets a makeover for 'Topper of the year'", "text": "As plump and docile Simi in 12/24 Karol Bagh, she went on to became one of the ideal bahu material and now, she is making a come back after a good break in the show 'Surveen Guggal - Topper Of The Year'.And as 'Surveen', Smriti has come up all lean and toned up which is quite a surprise for the viewers to see her in this delightful avatar. This pretty Delhi-girl lost almost 15 kilos to get into the lean image of Surveen. And she is very happy with her college-kid avatar. She shares, \"I've shed atleast 15 kilos. But, that is not a makeover. Infact, makeover was for 12/24 Karol Bagh, when I was asked to put on weight as the character demanded a slightly plump girl and I went on eating everything on earth to put on weight.\"And followed by it was a huge workout post the soap going off-air. And her lean image is much appreciated. Although now she complains, \"Now with daily shoots, I don't get time to workout. And I've such a sweet-tooth, everyday we get jalebis or some other sweets on the sets. It is making me put on weight again. But, nothing like enjoying together with the cast and crew, it is total fun and I'm enjoying every bit of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127321", "title": "Noida homebuyers vent ire at Jantar Mantar, want relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Homebuyers of Noida Extension staged a dharna at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Sunday demanding a quick remedy to the impasse that has brought to a halt construction of housing projects in the region. The protestors have prepared a memorandum of their demands that will be handed over to the Prime Minister's office on Monday.This was the first instance that homebuyers held a dharna in the national capital with a clear aim to have their voices heard in the highest corridors of power in the country. Hundreds of investors, along with family members, joined in the dharna, staged for over four hours, under the banner of Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA). Kids took to the stage to tell about the tragic plight their families have been in since the day their dream homes got mired in a non-ending legal imbroglio.Several young people working in IT companies and the BPO sector, who had booked houses in the affordable Noida Extension housing units, joined the dharna to voice their grievance that non-resolution of the issue had pushed them into a financial mess in the prime of their careers.Homebuyers were miffed that there has been no clarity over when the NCR Planning Board (NCRPB) would be clearing the Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority, which is a pre-requisite for any kind of construction activity to resume in Noida Extension as per the Allahabad High Court verdict of 21 October 2011. They were also upset at the fact that a few real estate developers had begun sending cancellation notices to their buyers over flimsy reasons.\"None of the authorities have come forward to take responsibility for this mess,\" said M C Kaushik, a government employee, who has booked a house in Amrapali Leisure Valley. \"As things stand now, if a builder declares bankruptcy and backs out from a project leaving buyers investments unreturned, who would bear the responsibility?\" asked Kaushik.Homebuyers have threatened that if the uncertainty continues to linger over the NCRPB approval, they would take block roads in Delhi as a mark of protest. \"Our patience has run out. This dharna was just a show of our unity by bringing homebuyers from different projects on one single platform,\" said Devender Kumar, founder of NEFOMA.Homebuyers raised a host of issues in the dharna, including the passage of the Real Estate Regulatory Authority (RERA) Bill which is pending in the Parliament and the apathy of banks that doled out home loans without checking the ground realities of projects in Noida Extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128641", "title": "Despite government attempts, Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses uninsured", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite several attempts made by successive governments in the past, the entire fleet of Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) buses, except the Volvo buses, remains uninsured. The DMK government in 2010 wanted to insure all the government undertaking buses, some 20,000 buses in all, to be insured. The plan, however, failed to take off inspite of tenders being floated.Unlike private vehicles, government buses are exempted from obtaining insurance under the Motor Vehicles Act. \"The object of having insurance is to cover the expenditure of compensation to the victim or kin. As individuals may not be able to afford the sum at a short notice, a third party is mandatory. The government, however, can neither run out of money nor run away from its responsibility to pay compensation,\" said V S Suresh, an advocate who specializes in road accident cases.The policy note tabled in the state assembly revealed that transport department spent a maximum of 3 lakh for every death caused by its vehicles. With the MTC alone accounting for some 100 people every year, this works out to a maximum of 300 crore. Citing cash crunch, a senior MTC official said, \"We spend around 1.5 crore every month as compensation.\"With limited annual budget to pay compensations, the MTC resists all court rulings, and prefers appeal against every award passed by the motor accident cases claims tribunal. \"Victims of MTC vehicles get too little, too late. And even in obvious cases, quite mechanically, they challenge any award beyond 3 lakh,\" rued Suresh.Sources from insurance and banking companies say that considering the seating capacity and age of MTC buses, the cost of insurance will be anywhere between 4,000 to 15,000 per year. At this rate, the MTC can obtain insurance cover for its entire fleet of 3,500 buses at an annual premium of 5.25 crores buses, instead of spending up about 18 crore annually as compensation.In 2010, the government floated tenders inviting insurance bids from companies. However, only one company came forward, only to withdraw it later. While MTC officials find it cumbersome to insure so many buses, companies themselves are not too keen to extend insurance cover to MTC buses. Insurance companies say it is not feasible to insure city buses. \"They are involved in so many accidents. It is not worth it,\" said an insurance agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128664", "title": "Nasa to put man on asteroid by 2020s", "text": "Astronauts Being Trained For Mission To Look For Minerals, Get Info On How To Destroy ItWASHINGTON: Nasa is reportedly training a team of astronauts for a mission to land on an asteroid by the end of the next decade.The US space agency is training the astronauts to land on an asteroid to explore its surface, search for minerals and even learn the skills they may need to destroy it should one pose a threat to the Earth, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.Nasa plans to send the team to make contact with an asteroid up to three million miles away by the late 2020s; it would take them far beyond the current limit of the Moon, which is 239,000 miles from Earth.Travelling at around 50,000 miles per hour around the Sun with almost non-existent gravity due to their small size, landing safely on these space rocks will present a significant challenge.But, Major Tim Peake, a British astronaut with the European Space Agency , who is also being trained for the asteroid mission, said: \"With the technology we have available and are developing today, an asteroid mission of up to a year is definitely achievable .\" He added: \"Asteroids are interesting on a number of different levels. Nasa is focused on the science you can achieve as asteroids are essentially a historical record of billions of years of universe where we can take samples from.\"These objects are also coming extremely close to Earth all the time, but we rarely hear about it. With enough warning we would probably send a robotic mission to deflect an asteroid, but if something is spotted late... we may have to look at manned missions to deflect it.\"That is when the skills we are learning about how to work on an asteroid could be useful.\"In fact, Nasa hopes to launch an unmanned spacecraft that will use a robotic arm to collect samples from an asteroid by 2016 before sending a manned mission by the late 2020s. A manned mission will aim to rendezvous with an asteroid up to three million miles from the Earth, taking around a year to make the entire round trip.The astronauts could stay on the asteroid for up to 30 days. According to Nasa officials, such missions to asteroids could help test technology for future human missions to other planets including Mars . Nasa hopes that such missions will provide new scientific information about the early universe while also providing valuable information for ways of defending Earth from collisions with asteroids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "13131754", "title": "Infineon CEO Peter Bauer to resign", "text": "BERLIN: Infineon Technologies AG , Europe's second-largest semiconductor maker, said Chief Executive Officer Peter Bauer will step down because of \"severely worsening\" osteoporosis and appointed a board member as successor.The supervisory board accepted the 51-year-old executive's resignation and named Reinhard Ploss, the management board member responsible for production, development, technology and personnel as CEO from October 1, Infineon said yesterday.Bauer, who took over in June 2008, helped pull Infineon out of its worst crisis by refocusing on selling chips used in cars and industrial applications such as lighting equipment. He ended losses at the Neubiberg, Germany-based company in the first year and has since helped Infineon post about 2 billion euros ($2.6 billion) in accumulated net income. The chipmaker this month raised its full-year profit forecasts.\"Peter Bauer stands for the turnaround of Infineon,\" said Sandeep Deshpande, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. in London . \"It is unlikely there will be radical changes in strategy\" especially as the new CEO comes from the board.Ploss, 56, has worked at Infineon and Siemens AG , from which Infineon was carved out in 2000, for more than 25 years. He led development and manufacturing before taking on responsibilities for Infineon's automotive and industrial units. He was appointed to Infineon's management board in 2007.Shares outperform Ploss \"has contributed significantly to the company's innovation and earnings power,\" Infineon said in a statement. \"He also introduced a pioneering manufacturing strategy, which will serve as the basis for further profitable growth.\"During Bauer's tenure, Infineon's stock has gained 33 per cent, while STMicroelectronics NV, Europe's largest chipmaker by revenue, has lost 51 per cent. Germany's benchmark DAX 30 Index slipped 7.3 per cent in the period.Infineon climbed 1.7 per cent to 6.90 euros on May 11. It has gained 19 per cent this year, giving the company a market value of 7.5 billion euros.Revenue will decline less in the fiscal year ending September 30 than initially forecast and profitability will be higher, Infineon said May 3. Operating profit rose 2.1 per cent to 144 million euros in the fiscal second quarter, beating the 131.1 million-euro average estimate by analysts. Net cash stood at 1.9 billion euros at the end of March.\"Maybe people will try to pressure him to use some of the company's cash to make acquisitions or buy back shares,\" said Eerik Budarz, an analyst at Silvia Quandt Research GmbH in Frankfurt .M&A; chief This year, Infineon split its industrial and multimarket unit into two and elevated its chief, Arunjai Mittal, to the management board with responsibility for sales, strategy, mergers and acquisitions.Infineon, whose customers include carmaker Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and consumer-electronics company Royal Philips Electronics NV, is benefiting from demand for chips that replace mechanical parts in cars, manage power in home appliances and windmills, and make passports and contactless payment cards secure.Growth in global revenue from semiconductors will probably accelerate to between 6 per cent and 7 per cent this year, after a 3.7 per cent increase to $301 billion in 2011, research company IDC said last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13126994", "title": "HIV on decline as Andhra Pradesh climbs to 4th spot in condoms usage", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh has seen a 100% rise in usage of condoms in the last four years and is now the highest consumer of condoms among the four southern states and the fourth highest in the country. The rise in condom usage has brought down the HIV prevalence in the state significantly among its high risk group population.The 7.5 crore free condoms that were supplied for the high risk groups got exhausted much before the end of the year and the state had to request the Tamil Nadu government to donate their leftover 60 lakh condoms in March. Seeing the massive response, the National Aids Control Organisation (Naco) has added to AP's quota of condoms and will now ship 10.9 crore condoms this year.The authorities are attributing the substantial drop in the HIV prevalence rate to the increased condom usage. As per the survey conducted by AP State Aids Control Society (Apsacs) and Naco, that is being finalized, the HIV prevalence among female sex workers has dropped from 11% in 2008 to 7% now. The highest decline was noted among the Men having Sex with Men (MSMs) community wherein from 23%, the incidence plummeted to 10%. Among the Injectable Drug Users (IDUs), the incidence has declined from 7% to 3%. The sexually transmitted infections too have seen a drastic drop.Officials say that till about four years ago, the situation was so dismal that lakhs of condoms were wasted, having crossed their expiry dates because of no takers. But today, Apsacs is struggling to ensure that shortages don't crop up. \"People have become more health conscious now and they are also seeking the services of the integrated counseling and testing centres. This is a healthy trend,\" says T Kailashditya, joint director, targeting interventions, Apsacs. He added that Uttar Pradesh tops the country in condom usage and is followed by West Bengal , Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.Apsacs has been selling condoms at a subsidized rate to several sections such as truckers. Last year, 1.5 crore condoms were marketed like this for this population apart from the 7.5 crore free condoms doled out to the high risk groups. \"The situation is such that we have to plan a month in advance for the supply to avoid a shortage,\" said the official.Besides, condoms are being lapped up over the counters by the general population. Experts said that factors such as education, benefits of condom use and perceived infection risk are also playing an important role. They added that after five years of effort, the demand for condoms has gone up and the HIV prevalence rate has shown a decline. However, the state still has the highest number of people (5 lakh) living with HIV/AIDS in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13128354", "title": "Woman brutally murdered at Tiska-Usgao", "text": "PONDA: In a gruesome killing at Ponda, the body of Suvarna Shrikant Gaude, a resident of Bokadbag-Ramnathi, was found with her head smashed with a stone on a road at Tiska-Usgao on Sunday morning.This is second murder reported in Ponda police jurisdiction with in a period of fifteen days. It may be recalled that police had retrieved the body of an unknown woman aged between 35 and 40 years from a hillock near Kadamaba Transport Corporation bus stand in Ponda on May 1. The woman was murdered by slitting her throat with a sharp weapon.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar told TOI that some locals saw the body of Suvarna Shrikant Gaude lying on a road at Tiska-Usgao on Sunday morning.Govekar said the head of the woman was smashed with a heavy stone-like object. Police have also found a stone with blood stains near the body and suspect the woman's head could have been smashed with the same stone.Govekar has revealed that the woman's clothes were torn. When asked if she was sexually assaulted before being murdered, Govekar replied, \"Unless and until the post mortem report confirms any sexual assault, it would be immature to claim it.\"The woman is married and has children. She was staying with her parents at Conquirem-Guleli in Sattari, the police officer said adding that some eye witnesses revealed that the woman was seen roaming on the Tiska-Usgao streets. Police said the body has been preserved in the mortuary of GMC for an autopsy to be held on Monday. The police have registered an offence of murder against unknown persons. However, no person was arrested in this connection until late Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127277", "title": "Four held in timber merchant's murder, kingpin still at large", "text": "INDORE: Ten days after the sensational murder of a timber merchant and subsequent looting of his house allegedly by five unidentified miscreants in Khatiwala Tank of the city, the police claimed to have solved the case with the arrest of four persons.The mastermind behind the gruesome crime is expected to be nabbed soon as police teams have been fanned out to various parts of the country based on the information provided by the four accused. Talking to media persons, senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that the two accused identified as Deva alias Kadha and Chikaan alias Chikan, both hailing from Guna district, were arrested from Jhalawar a few days ago. But, they were not supporting in the investigation and the arrest of the other accused involved in the crime, said the SSP adding that they were changing their names during interrogation to divert course of the investigation and it created doubt over their involvement in the crime. Meanwhile, the team which was sent to Delhi caught Kalia and Kheru from Kurukshetra in Hariyana. The duo confessed to their involvement in the crime only after seeing Deva and Chikann in police custody, said the SSP.Acting on their information, police impounded the vehicle used in the crime from Mohanpura on Badnagar Road. Police also recovered the coffer from Bhukhi Mata temple in Kshipra River with the help of crane and divers.During the interrogation, the accused told the police about the kingpin of their group was one Suraj Pardi, who is still absconding. The SSP said that various police teams have been sent to many parts of the country to arrest Suraj. Sai Manohar said that the arrest of the four could solve a few other crimes including those were reported in other states as well. The five-member gang allegedly committed various natures of crimes in other states and had fled there, said the SSP.The five accused burgled into a the house timber merchant Jasveer Singh Chhabra and allegedly beaten him brutally who later succumbed to his injuries. The accused entered in the house in the wee hours after breaking a window grill. They first locked his children, who were sleeping on the first floor, from outside. Then they entered in the room in which Jasveer and his wife were sleeping. They attacked them with a bat.The accused tied their hands and legs with the bed and stood on their bodies to ensure that victim couple do not oppose them. The accused decamped with gold worth Rs 10 lakh and Rs 5 lakh cash after brutally attacking Chhabra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128570", "title": "Glitches, summer heat slow down caste count", "text": "CHENNAI: The socio-economic caste census in Chennai has been hit by teething problems. The census started nearly two weeks ago but the data collection exercise is yet to be conducted properly.Only 2,627 of the 3,010 enumerators needed for the census are on the field and corporation officials say many tablets to be used for the headcount are not ready yet.Officials say Bharat Electronic Limited (BEL) has not provided enough technicians needed to update the 3,260 tablets. \"The company had three weeks ago promised to update the tablets in two days but the work is still not done,\" said a senior corporation official.The corporation commissioner and mayor met officials from BEL last week to find out what was causing the delay. \"The BEL officials said they were facing a shortage of personnel,\" the corporation official said. \"When BEL officials realised they were unable to recruit the data entry operators and senior technicians required, they subcontracted the work to another firm, but even that company failed to provide the personnel.\"According to the agreement, BEL had to provide 3,260 tablets with around 130 technicians to man 64 centres. The technicians were supposed to update the tablets by May 1, the day data collection was scheduled to start in Chennai.The civic body also does not have a clear count of the number of households that enumerators have visited. \"We have the numbers that BEL gives us, which we honestly do not want to share because we believe that they are not accurate,\" the official said.Corporation officials say the process is taking more time because collecting data from each household is taking longer than expected. \"The numbers are low because households are being covered slower than we assumed. If all 3,010 enumerators had began workon May 1 more houses could have been covered,\" he said.Enumerators now take an average of 20 minutes per household. \"They used to take 40 minutes earlier. The operators also took a long time to key in the data,\" he said.The summer heat is also making it hard for the enumerators. \"It is so hot that even if we start at 8 am, we can complete only 10 houses by noon. We start sweating and feeling dizzy. There is no way we can finish our target of 60 houses a day till the weather improves,\" said an enumerator from Sholinganallur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127733", "title": "Get set for high-octane polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Starting this August, Panjab University senate polls are all set to be an engrossing contest.With double the number of applicants contesting for key constituencies as compared to those in 2008 polls, a close contest is on the cards.Against 15 seats in the graduate constituency, there are over 50 contestants this time in comparison to 38 in the last senate polls.Also, voter turnout in 2008 polls was 68,000, which is expected to touch 90,000 this time. The constituency comprises close to four lakh voters.Pegged as one of the toughest lobbies, the affiliated college lecturers constituency that has eight seats is witnessing a close contest among 23 candidates. The constituency witnessed 100% polls last time with turn up of 2,200 voters comprising permanent college teachers. As many as 13 candidates had contested for the eight seats last time and this year the numbers have almost doubled.What really matters is who has contributed and how much during the last one term. The members who have genuinely contributed deserve to come back to senate, says Prabjit Singh, a PU senate member.Call it the after effects of the varsity getting a more coveted status by the Union government or the powers vested to the senate, but polls this year have become a fascination for everybody, even those not even related to the field of education.The polls could be unpredictable, but the contest has certainly stiffened this time with more candidates in the running, says Dilip Kumar , PU senator and faculty member, Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131619", "title": "Passport to new age skills", "text": "Pratibha JainThe 21st Century requires global perspectives with ability to work seamlessly with people from diverse backgrounds. International education is an effective way to acquire skills that are essential if one wants to be a part of global teams. Universities in every corner of the globe welcome Indian students as they add a different perspective to a class.In a new trend, students are opting for unconventional programmes like fashion styling, film-making, script writing, acting, music production, adventure sports, production design, environmental sciences, sustainable energy, culinary arts and games development, among others. Netherlands, for instance, is offering several courses in water management, while France offers an array of luxury brand management programmes. Universities in Germany are making waves with their research initiatives in modern transport engineering, bio-sciences and energy solutions. Caribbean and Russian colleges, on the other hand, are emerging as destinations for medical studies. Sports and allied fields, including sports psychology, sports physiotherapy and sports nutrition, are niche areas in Australian colleges, while marine engineering and marine sciences are on offer at coastal universities (Florida, California, Hawaii, Philippines, Southampton and Gold Coast).If you have suddenly woken up to find out that application deadlines are over, do not panic. There are many universities in the US, Canada, Australia, Singapore and New Zealand who have 'rolling admissions,' which means they will continue to accept applications till they have seats, right up to the end of June for the session starting in Fall 2012. In fact, a large number of universities in each country have multiple intakes throughout the year - in January, May and September - making it convenient for students to apply.UK's common application process, UCAS , is open for international students till June 30, for entry to most degree programmes in September 2012.Also, several universities are using technology to conduct online courses, which carry full credit for students who decide to skip a semester. Even a year's credits may be earned through these various online courses and Advanced Placement programme, making it possible for students to join universities a little later in the academic cycle.Karan GuptaDespite high costs of an American education, with an average tuition fee of $30,000 (approx) per year, US still remains a popular choice with Indian students. One of the reasons is the flexibility the universities offer in terms of creating your own programme at the UG level. In the US, you can apply for a major called 'undecided' and after two years of taking classes in various streams, you can declare a specific major. The earliest intake that students can try for is January 2013. For admissions, students will need SAT and TOEFL scores. The popular courses at the UG-level include computer science, engineering, business management and liberal arts. You can consider applying for a course in medicine, dentistry or even marketing in the UK. For automobile engineering, Germany offers several options. And for design and luxury brand management, take a look at colleges in Italy and France.For admissions, you are likely to need TOEFL or IELTS. The degrees are generally of three years' duration (medical/health-related courses are of longer duration with additional entrance criteria) and your fee will be around \u00a315,000 per-annum. For hotel management, Australia is a good option with the main intake in February. There is an option overseas for every requirement.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127452", "title": "Local court denies bail to illegal mining accused", "text": "JAIPUR: A district and sessions judge in Dholpur rejected the bail application of two accused arrested in sand (bajari) mining. The judge observed that people engaged in mining should not be given bail since they indulge in intimidating the witnesses of the case. The court cited many reasons behind not granting bail to two accused arrested in an illegal mining case.Chattar Singh and Bal Govind Mallah were arrested by Dholpur police when they were transporting sand from Delhi. They were under judicial custody for the last couple of months and had applied for bail on Friday.District and sessions judge, Pawan N Chandra while denying the bail to the accused observed, \"People engaged in mining were actually responsible for killing IPS officer from Morena in Madhya Pradesh. Such people should not be let out of the jail as after their release they intimidate the witnesses and tamper with the evidences.\"Public prosecutor, Virendra Saxena, while quoting the court order, said, \" The court observed that in a scenario when Supreme Court and Rajasthan High Court are directing the agencies to tighten noose against the mining mafia, people implicated in mining cases should not be given bail.\"\"Since these people are into illegal mining and make money out of it, they can bribe investigating police officers or may go to the extent of even eliminating them, thus their bail application stands rejected,\" Saxena said while referring to the court order.The court has further observed that such people also indulge in influencing the investigation process and may get undue advantage. Dholpur district is infamous for mining and the mining mafia from Madhya Pradesh and Dholpur are into criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127498", "title": "I still want to be there, says first Lok Sabha member Reshamlal Jangde", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 88, Reshamlal Jangde can barely walk or talk. A member of the first Lok Sabha and many more after that, he moves in a wheelchair and mumbles when he has to speak, his keen eyes watchful of everything around him. But his smile is a reflection of his spirit.He may look a tired old man but Jangde takes no time to reply when asked whether he would still want to be in Parliament. \"If I could walk... if I got the chance, I would be there even now... (Main chal pata to... mauka milta to aaj bhi hum wahan hotey),\" says the former MP from Bilaspur, now in Chhattisgarh.His last stint in Parliament was from 1989 to 1991, as member of BJP, a party that he says he still belongs to. After that, Jangde never got the ticket but the seasoned politician has taken it in his stride.Jangde, a law graduate from Nagpur, the first from his Satnami Samaj, had a roaring practice. A Scheduled Caste, he contested from a general seat to make it to the first Lok Sabha in 1952 from Bilaspur as a Congressman.\"Those days there used to be two members from one constituency. The other member from Bilaspur was Amar Sinh Sahgal,\" his son Hemchand said.Jangde, a close associate of Lal Bahadur Shastri , was also a member of the Provisional Parliament that preceded the first Lok Sabha between 1950 and 1952. A khadi-clad Gandhian in his lifestyle, Jangde was influenced by Ram Manohar Lohia and joined the JP movement. In the post-Emergency era, he joined the Jan Sangh and later BJP.\"Everything has changed in politics between then and now. Some changes are good, some are bad,\" he said. One message he has for the young in today's politics is \"stick to the party line and you will not go wrong. By changing parties you lose respect\".Jangde believes in women power. \"Mahilayen jab kuchh batati hain to usse asar hota hai,\" he said, adding softly that empowerment of women in the country has happened to a great deal and he feels happy about it. \"Yeh hona chahiye.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127183", "title": "Transco digs up problems", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's yet another excruciatingly slow paced civic work in progress, and this time it is on the Darulshifa-Chaderghat stretch. Deep trenches dug up along the road for laying cable lines by the APTransco have been left dangerously open and unattended to for the past two months.Two chunks of the road, around 40 feet long and four feet wide each, were unearthed in front of Abid Ali Khan Eye Hospital and further ahead near New Life Hospital around two months ago. After the digging, the work stopped. Residents and shop owners lament the problems caused by these large pits while APTransco officials said they are awaiting traffic police permission to go ahead with the work. Questioning the logic behind the entire exercise, exasperated locals asked, \"Really, why begin the work without taking permission first?\"\"I have not seen any activity at the site for the past two months,\" said Mohammed Chand Pasha, a resident of the area. \"Driving on this stretch during peak hours has become a nightmare thanks to the traffic jams caused by the bottlenecks these pits create.\"Owners of shops complained that the dug up road was affecting their business. \"Sales have dropped by around 50% as my shop has become inaccessible for customers,\" said Syed Iqbal. \"Water from a nearby drain has accumulated in the pit making the whole area dirty with a strong stench emanating from it. The people who come to inspect the site say they are awaiting police permission to complete the work. But we are suffering in the process.\"Employees of Abid Ali Khan Eye Hospital too said that patients and visitors were facing a lot of problems as the pit has engulfed most of their parking space.Meanwhile, officials of APTransco claim they are helpless. \"Technically the underground cable work in that area will take only two months. The work at this point is for a total of 9.5 km of which 8.2 km are already done. But it all depends on when we get the permission from the traffic police to go ahead with the work. They asked us to send a field report and the permission is being processed,\" said an official.Elaborating on the possible reasons behind the delay in giving permission Venkateshwar Rao, chief engineer, APTransco said, \"We need to perform horizontal directional drilling (HDD procedure) there during which traffic will have to be diverted. It is a main road and a difficult area to work in. However, we are expecting the permission in the next couple of days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128039", "title": "Four-year-old girl molested by neighbour in Isanpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A four-year-old girl was molested by her 40-year-old neighbour in Isanpur on May 10. Her parents lodged a complaint on Saturday after which the accused was arrested. According to the investigators, the mother of the victim lodged a complaint against Kanti Vora for molesting her daughter and trying to rape her.\"Families of both the accused and the victim are labourers at a nearby industrial estate,\" said AJ Bhagora, inspector of Isanpur police station. \"The complaint states Vora took the girl with him at 7.15 pm on the pretext of buying her some snacks. He, however, took her to his house and started molesting her. He then tried to rape her but the girl started crying. Vora tried to pacify her by offering her snacks, but when that did not work, he took her back to her house.\"The parents came to know about the molestation when the mother noticed blood on the girl's undergarments. When asked, the girl started crying and pointed to Vora's house. He confessed to the molestation when cornered and questioned by the girl's parents.\"Vora is a married man with three children, including two daughters. He tried to rape the girl when his family was out. We are questioning him on whether he has molested other children in the past,\" said Bhagora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13131438", "title": "I will announce my decision by evening: Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The political crisis in the ruling BJP in Karnataka today loomed large with rebel leader and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa deciding to take a final call on his future political course by this evening.\"I will consult MPs, MLAs and my supporters today and announce my decision by 4 PM\", Yeddyurappa, who has been fuming at BJP central leadership for \"ignoring\" him, particularly after the Supreme Court order for a CBI probe into illegal mining during his tenure as chief minister, told reporters.Yeddyurappa, who visited Siddganga mut pontiff Shivakumara Swamiji of the Lingayat community to which he belongs, attacked BJP general secretary H N Anantkumar, State unit chief K S Eshwarappa, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and RSS leader Satish.He accused Anantkumar of \"feeding malicious information\" about him to BJP leader L K Advani.\"Anantkumar made efforts to topple me from the chief ministership at least thrice earlier with the help of mine owners\", Yeddyurappa alleged.In a damage-control bid, Eshwarappa today ruled out accepting resignations of more than half a dozen MLAs and dropping ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa.\"There is truth in the fact that about more than half a dozen MLAs and ministers have tendered resignation to Yeddyurappa. However, the party will neither accept their resignations nor drop any ministers,\" he told reporters.Meanwhile, MLAs and Ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa met at a breakfast meeting at his Race Course residence where the consultation process has begun.Sources close to Yeddyurappa claim that he has been toying with the idea of quitting BJP, a development that would threaten the survival of the four-year-old BJP government, the first ever in the South.Eight ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa have already handed over their resignation letters to their leader.In another development, the BJP central leadership has reportedly rejected Yeddyurappa's demand for change in the leadership of Sadananda Gowda. Power minister Shobha Karandlaje, who was sent as Yeddyurappa's emissary to hold talks with BJP central Leadership is, returning empty handed.As a last effort to save the situation, Eswarappa said the entire BJP was with Yeddyurappa. Eswarappa's parleys with Yeddyurappa yesterday have failed to end the crisis.In the 225-member assembly, BJP has a strength of 120. Yeddyurappa claims to have the support of at least nine ministers and 45 MLAs.Eshwarappa also said he has not received the resignation letters either from the ministers or the MLAs. \"I have been in touch with these MLAs and ministers and I am telling confidently as the state party chief that they will not quit,\" he said.On Yeddyurappa praising Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her party for being supportive of leaders facing trouble \"unlike\" his own party, Eshwarappa said BJP leadership had never left any of their leaders including L K Advani, Narendra Modi, Madan Lal Khurana and Uma Bharti in the lurch during crisis.The BJP leadership had always stood behind Yeddyurappa and expressed hope that he would come out clean in the illegal mining case, Eshwarappa said.He also said he failed to understand the reason for Yeddyurappa to praise Sonia Gandhi and her party. \"I would like to make it clear that all BJP leaders, including central leaders are with Yeddyurappa,\" Eshwarappa said.\"I think Yeddyurappa is giving such statements (praising Sonia Gandhi) out of pain. There is no question of Yeddyurappa quitting the party,\" he said.Eswarappa also believed the crisis would be resolved soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "papanasam", "code": "13128438", "title": "Papanasam seeks stoppage for trains", "text": "PAPANASAM: The long-pending demand of the people of Papanasam in Thanjavur district to provide a stoppage for the Chennai - Tiruchendur Express is yet to be fulfilled by the Indian Railways despite the fact that this railway station is a connecting point to several tourist places and temples.\"Due to demand from people of the delta district, the Chennai - Tiruchendur Express was introduced. But it is of no use for the people of Papanasam and the tourists visiting the temples in the area as the train does not halt here,\" lamented T Saravanan, secretary of Train Passengers Association, Papanasam.To add to the passengers' woes, the Chennai - Rameswaram Express, which used to halt when it was operated on the metre gauge line, started skipping the station after the gauge conversion. Due to this, the commuters are forced to travel either to Kumbakonam (18-km) or Thanjavur (50-km) to board a train or bus to Rameswaram.Previously, all express and passenger trains crossing Papanasam station used to halt until the gauge conversion work commenced in the year 2000. The Chennai - Rameswaram Express, Chennai - Thanjavur Cholan Express , Madurai - Tirupathi Express and a fast passenger from Sengottai all had stoppages before the track conversion.After the completion of the broad gauge in2003, train services on this section resumed in 2004 but Papanasam was neglected as most of these trains were made to skip the station, said Saravanan.As a result of the continuous demands to the railways, the people and the association succeeded in making Cholan Express and the Rockfort Express trains halt in Papanasam. But their effort to make other trains halt here have gone in vain.\"We have been representing the problems to the railway authorities and politicians, but the problem is yet to be solved so far,\" said G Kumar, treasurer of Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Thanjavur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133663", "title": "Karunas wants to do more realistic roles", "text": "This comedian wants to bring back the era of realistic cinema, and wishes to do more such roles in his coming films.\"I have acted in different roles as a comedian, character actor and even a hero for over a decade, but my favourite era remains the time when movies focused on the lives and problems faced by middle-class families,\" Karunas, who was in the city recently, says.One of the few comedians to taste success in his debut for his portrayal of ' Lodukku Pandi ', which made him a household name, Karunas admits to having high regard for director Bala.\"Bala sir is my favourite director by far, as he is the one to have taught me acting, camerawork, production, direction and the likes. He has a very different vision of cinema and has been responsible for my steady growth as an actor,\" he admits.Though his satirical style of comedy has won the hearts of several audiences all over the state, Karuna says he is often scared by them.\"I am not overawed by big stars or hotshot directors, but my audience who are my first priority. Their feedback is of utmost importance to me, and I get nervous after each film, wondering if the audience will like my performance or not. I know I am doing a good job as long as they don't get tired of seeing my face on screen,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127985", "title": "Cops recover elephant statue from Tiwariganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police on Sunday recovered the elephant statue, which had become the bone of contention between the sculptor Madan Lal from Agra's Fatehpur Sikri area and contractor Aditya Agarwal, who had ordered for the carving of elephant statue to the sculptor.The sculptor had lodged an FIR claiming that Aditya Agarwal gave him the contract of supplying stones and installing it after carving an elephant. Lal said he was told that the official rate of one elephant statue is Rs 48 lakh. Lal explained, \"In first two contracts I only did the work of carving elephants and was made payment of Rs 40 lakh. However, similar work was done by him in the third contract, however, he was paid only Rs 7.5 lakh. The remaining Rs 40.44 lakh is still pending.\" He said Agarwal is not making the pending payments and even threatened him with dire consequences.Acting on the complaint, the police swung into action and arrested Aditya Agrawal who has a firm with a name of Lucknow Marbles.Since the elephant statue was claimed by Madan Lal to have been delivered to Aditya, police launched a search to trace the elephant statue and recovered it from a Tiwariganj locality in Chinhat police station area. The statue was in three pieces, as it had not been fixed as yet.Sources said that Aditya had claimed before the cops that since the statue was incomplete, he had stopped the payment of the sculptor. He even said that the same was informed to the sculptor. However, it was few days back that Agrawal and the sculptor had reached an agreement and subsequently the contractor had agreed to return the amount. However, before the payment could be made, Madan Lal had lodged an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "there will be a power shutdown on tuesday from 9am to 5pm in the following areas", "code": "13128583", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "There will be a power shutdown on Tuesday from 9am to 5pm in the following areas:Ambattur TI Cycle: Krishnapuram, Ram Ngr, Lenin Ngr, Kamarajapuram, Municipal Court, Tass Estate, Thiruvenkata Ngr, Cholapuram Rd &amp; CTH Rd Sted Hospital, OT Bus Stand, Oragadam Rd, Mounasamy Madam St, Teachers colony, Ambattur, Municipal Office, Varadharajapuram, Post Office, Ambattur Railway Station Bazaar, MTH Rd, North Park St, School St, Ambattur market.KK Nagar: KK Ngr, Ashok Ngr, MGR Ngr, Ekkattuthangal, Kalaimahal Ngr, Balaji Ngr, Vishalatchi Ngr, part of West Mambalam, Brindavan Extn., Nakkeeran St, Part of Guindy, Jafferkhanpet, West KK Ngr, part of - Nasapakkam, Vadapalani.Ambattur 3rd Main Road: Ambattur Indl. Estate 3rd main Rd south phase, China colony, Periya colony, PK M Rd, VaNgram Rd, Ganesh St, Nageshwara Rao Rd, Natesan Ngr, School St, Galaxy Rd, Indragandhi St, part of - Karumariamman Ngr, Vellalar St, Kil Ayanampakkam.Perungalathur: New &amp; Old Perungalathur, Peerkankaranai, Mudhichur, Part of - West Tambaram, Irumbuliyur, Kolapakkam, Vandalur.Pallavaram: Old &amp; Zamin Pallavaram, Thirusulam, Rajaji Ngr, Mallika Ngr, Malagananda Puram, Subham Ngr, Perumal Ngr, PV V Rd, Dharga Rd, Bharthi Ngr, Contonment &amp; GST Rd Pallavaram, part of Pammal.Madambakkam: Sembakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Madambakkam, part of Selaiyur / Camp Rd, Thiruvencheri, Madurapakkam, Agaramthen, Kovilanchery, Velachery Main Rd, Kamarajapuram, part of Vengaivasal.Rajakilapakkam: Entire - Kamrajapuram, Rajakilapakkam, part of - Chitlapakkam, Sembakkam, Gomathy Ngr, Chitlapakkam.Thiruvanmiyur: Kotturpuram, Kottur, Chinnamalai, Sardar Patel Rd, Sri Ngr Colony, Pallipattu, Sriram Ngr, Kasturi Bai Ngr, Indira Ngr.Royapuram: MC Rd, NN Garden, Cementry Rd, M S Koil St, Raman St, Thoppai St, PV Koil St, Venkatachalam St, Arthoon Rd, Mosque St, Jaganathan St, Munikanda Mudali St, Andiappa Mudali St, Adam St, Maria Doss St, East, West, North &amp; South Madha Church St, Singara Garden all Sts., Somu Chetty St, Meenakshi Amman Pettai, Tank St, Dobhi Khana St, Pitchandi St, Pannamara Thotti, Vai Kunda Nadar St, Thandava Moorthy St, Corp Model line, Appair lane, Veerasamy St, Part of Senjirayan St, part of East &amp; West Kalmandapam Rd, NRT salai, Venkatesan I to IV St, Amman Koil I to VIII St, BC Press Rd.Guindy: Indl. Estate Guindy, Tiny sector, Achuthan Ngr, Labour Colony Guindy, Arulayampet, Reddy St, Parthasarathy Koil St, Ambal Ngr, North phase, Poonamallee Rd, Electronic complex, Inner Ring Rd, Ekkattuthangal.Nanganallur: Entire Nanganallur, Palavanthangal, Hindu Colony, Nehru Colony, BV Ngr, Lakshmi Ngr, part of Puzhuthivakkam, Ullagaram, Vanuvampet, Moovarasampet, Thillai Ganga Ngr.TG Nagar: Thillaiganga Ngr, Nanganallur, Adambakkam, Shanthi Ngr, Andal Ngr, Vanuvampettai, Pazhavanthangal, Brindavan Ngr, Jeevan Ngr, Sanjai Gandhi Ngr, Mahalakshmi Ngr.Usman Road: Duraisamy Rd, Lakshmi Narasiman St, Usman Rd, North Usman Rd, Tanjore Rd, Griffith Rd, Vasan St, Gandhi St, Jawaharlal Nehru St, Cartarck Rd, Anandan St, Ramachandra St, Krishnan St, Krishnasamy St, Bazullah Rd, Chari St, Ramadrishna St, Thiyagaraya Gramani St, Gangai Amman Koil St, Habibullah Rd, Parthasarathy puram, Kolamamari Amman koil St, Balu Mudali St, Pillaiyar Koil St, Kodambakkam High Rd, Vivikananda St, Mambalam High Rd, Rangan St, Rameswaram Rd, Somasundaram St, Vysar St, Coats Rd, Murugesan St, Govindar St, Prakasam St, Kannaiah St, Arulambal St, Rajan St, Lakshmanan St, Bhagirathi ammal St, Sarangabari St, Sadasivam St, Thirumoothy St, Thirumalai pillai St, Thangavel St, Pinjala Subramanian St, Hanumantha Rao St, Rangachari St, Padmanaban St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127267", "title": "60th anniversary of Parliament: Debate, don\u2019t disrupt House, appeals PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made a fresh attempt to address public cynicism over repeated disruptions in Parliament by appealing to leaders of political parties to air and resolve differences in a manner that does not stall its functioning.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee seconded the PM's outreach, saying, \"Let us solemnly affirm that we will find a mechanism through which disruption should not be needed. Debate, discussions and dissentions are always welcome but let us try to avoid disruptions.''The overtures, that came during Sunday's special session to mark Parliament's 60 years, are not just a response to public criticism, but are driven by concern over key legislations on economic reform, educational restructuring and social welfare being stuck in an increasingly fractious and uncooperative Parliament.The need for Parliament to improve its grades was acknowledged by BJP veteran L K Advani as well who said, \"I endorse what Pranab said (about avoiding disruptions). If we respect the other, if we respect the contrary views, then I am sure that problems would be resolved only through debate and discussion, and the relevance of Parliament is also in it.''The conciliatory gestures were the significant aspects of speeches as the debate did not rise to great heights and attendance dipped sharply in the afternoon with barely 52 members in Lok Sabha at one point.Although Advani added the caveat about the opposition's view point being heeded, the convergence can be the starting point for renewed efforts to push reform-related legislation and proposals on introducing a direct tax code and a goods and services tax. These measures are seen as essential to boost sagging confidence in India's growth story.Civil society's assault on Parliament and MPs, with Anna Hazare's campaign using harsh language and daring privilege action while running down elected representatives as corrupt and ineffective, did see leaders speak of the need to ensure responsible behaviour in the two Houses.In a day of rare introspection, MPs across party lines agreed that while elections were an indicator of the robustness of Indian democracy, loss of faith in Parliament was worrying. Even President Pratibha Patil in her address to MPs in central hall later on Sunday evening said Indian democracy should not be allowed to falter in the face of rising expectations and vocal demands.Speaking in Lok Sabha, the PM admitted, \"The manner in which we have conducted our affairs, especially over the past couple of years, has created a sense of frustration and disillusionment among the people. The daily routine of disruptions, adjournments and shouting in the House are leading many outside to question the efficacy of this institution and its place in public affairs.''He added, \"Unless we can find some way to resolve the growing impasse in the functioning of Parliament, public disenchantment will only grow... Leaders of political parties should sit together to find ways to raise issues, small or big, and air differences in a manner that does not stall Parliament at every occasion.\"While saying that Parliament had nurtured federal polity, Singh in his speech in Rajya Sabha also referred to frequent disruptions. \"That is not to say that we should not reflect with concern on the repeated disruptions of proceedings and a regrettable unwillingness, on occasion, to engage in informed discussion.''In the same vein, Mukherjee said, \"If we disrupt the House then it serves no purpose because we cannot hear; we cannot speak and only a handful of members can completely throttle the desires of a majority... I have done it; my party might have done it; many other parties have done it; but let us solemnly affirm that we will find out a mechanism through which disruption should not be needed. Debate, discussions and dissentions are always welcome but let us try to avoid disruptions.''While it is hard to assess how long the mood to introspect will last, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said in Rajya Sabha that during the last two decades, Parliament never sat for more than 100 days a year while British Parliament on the other hand sits for at least 160 days a year. \"We should seriously consider, through a constitutional amendment, if necessary, making it mandatory for 100 sittings a year. I think, that is necessary as a corrective step for the future,\" he said. He said the closest the Parliament sat for 100 days was in 1992 with 98 sittings.BJP's Jaswant Singh lamented in Lok Sabha that a resolution adopted on September 1, 1997 is now part of the archives and a \"forgotten document\". Singh said the 1997 resolution also dealt with issues like importance of Question Hour, disruptions due to slogan shouting and interruptions. He hoped that Sunday's resolution does not meet the same fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127457", "title": "3 principals to complete their tenure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant development concerning the oldest colleges in the city, three non PhD principals have been given relief by the Supreme Court to continue their tenures.Appointed as officiating principals in 2009, these principals were in a tight spot when a new set of rules were floated in 2010 by UT administration that made PhD mandatory for all college principals. These colleges include Post Graduate College for Girls, sectors 11 and 42, and a relatively new college, Government College for Business and Commerce in Sector 42. The judgment issued on May 11 mentions that the Status quo with regard to the present posting of the petitioners shall be maintained. Says Achla Dogra, principal, Post Graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 11, Doing PhD has nothing to do with being a good administrator. I have been in this profession since 1977. Experience does count.These principals cite that all vacancies will be governed by the old rules as per the Supreme Court instructions and since they had been given charge in 2009, old rules continue to hold true. The case was initially taken to the Punjab and Haryana high court, but we felt later that we did not get justice. Its a big relief since teaching and handling administration are two different portfolios. For 33 years we have performed different roles of deans, vice-principal and principal. Experience makes a lot of difference, said Manjit Brar, principal, Government College for Commerce and Business Management, Sector 42. The third principal in the city who gets a relief through this judgment is Mani Bedi of PGCGC, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128810", "title": "Genco may face coal shortage in monsoon", "text": "NAGPUR: Coal shortage seems to be a never ending problem for the state-run power generator Mahagenco. A ray of hope was kindled in January when, after six months, WCL made arrangements for transporting coal by road to Genco's power plants.Mahagenco was not getting 8 out of its quota of 19 lakh tonne coal (around 30%) from WCL every month. From January to March, WCL supplied 2.5 lakh tonne by road. But, as soon as Genco also started to lift coal by road, WCL stopped supplying coal by road and asked Genco to lift the entire 8 lakh tonne.Failure of Genco to lift its quota of coal has reduced coal stock in power plants. Average stock is just 50% of the requirement. \"In rainy season the coal we get is of bad quality. Unless the stock improves generation will be badly hit,\" a senior Genco official said.The official further told TOI, \"Of the 19 lakh tonne, Genco lifts 5 lakh tonne on its own. We used to get between 6 and 8 lakh tonnes from washeries by road and rest was provided by WCL by rail. Ever since washery contract was terminated in July, we are having difficulty in lifting coal by road,\" he said.\"At present we are getting 6 lakh tonne from WCL by rail. We are lifting another 2.5 lakh tonne by road, taking the total to 8.5 lakh tonne. Had WCL not discontinued its road transport arrangement we would have been getting 11 lakh tonne,\" he said.Meanwhile, WCL officials denied that they had stopped supplying coal through the road and assured that they were fully cooperating with Genco in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128353", "title": "Tech-A-Break competition set to begin from May 21", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tech-A-Break, Technopark's inter-company competition, is back with a five-day event after a year-long hiatus. While sponsorship played spoilsport last year, Technopark authorities say they are on the ball this time around and have roped in some big brands, including the RP Group of Hotels and Resorts for sponsoring gifts like dinner and stay. This year the event will be held from May 21.Planning for Tech-A-Break started on an all-inclusive note with the park authorities wanting to rope in families of techies by suggesting a painting event for children. But that idea had to be put on hold as Natana, the cultural club of Technopark, decided to stay out of Tech-A-Break citing unworkable dates.This year's event will be managed by Mainstage Events. Sugeetha Menon, who runs the company said, \"The first three days of the event will cover solo and group singing (Techie Super Star Singer) competitions in light, classical and western styles, while fun sporting events like tug-of-war will be held towards the end of the programme. We might have to hold preliminary sessions on May 19 if we get a lot of entries.\"Group dance competitions get the most cheers and participation. But for the quieter, more intellectual lot there is a quiz competition being professionally conducted, by an organization in Delhi. Charu Sharma will host the programme.The line-up for the final day's concert includes playback singers like Alap Raju and Vijay Prakash of 'Jai Ho' fame. Bennet and the Band will be accompanying the artistes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127636", "title": "Social justice, terrorism biggest challenges: Arun Jaitley", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley described social justice and terrorism as the two biggest challenges being faced by Indian democracy as Parliament celebrated its 60th anniversary. Speaking just after PM Manmohan Singh to mark the anniversary, Jaitley said it was important to ensure there was no politics involved in handling these issues.\"Social justice, elimination of poverty, healthcare, women's empowerment, these are all greater challenges in the decades to come,\" he said. \"We still continue to face the curse of terrorism and insurgency. Let us resolve there will be no politics in these issues. We will not only eliminate but sense will be that those who rebel outside the system one day, we will get them within the system,\" he added.He also paid tribute to security officials who lost their lives in the attack on Parliament in December 2001. Jaitley started his speech by paying tribute to oldest surviving parliamentarian Rishang Keishing, a member of the first Lok Sabha , who was present in the House . Unlike Jaitley, Singh failed to mention Keishing in his speech even though the former Manipur CM is a Congress MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128541", "title": "Teenage girl jumps into Futala lake, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A 19-year-old girl jumped into the Futala Lake to end her life on Saturday evening. Mamta Bhimte was upset as she was spurned by her beau. She took the extreme step after she could not convince her lover to get married to her.Sources said that Mamta had gone to a mall a day earlier too to meet her boyfriend. The two had an ugly spat in the public place. Finally, the police were summoned by some onlookers to take Mamta away from the place.This is the third tragedy in the girl's family. Mamta's elder brother was murdered in MIDC a few years ago. Her father too had died.Mamta's family had been searching for her since Saturday evening. They finally approached the cops after she did not return even late in the night. The cops guided them to Ambazari police station where a teenager's accidental death was registered on Saturday evening.On Sunday, the family that resides at Vaishali Nagar reached the Government Medical College and Hospital and identified her.Mamta, who had studied till standard XI, was in love with a youth who worked at a mall in Sitabuldi. The two were reportedly seeing each other for the last one-and-a-half years. She wanted to marry him but he did not approve of her intention of marriage.Mamta's mother works at a bakery. Even the family was readying itself to marry her off. A match-making meeting between Mamta and family of the groom-to-be was also arranged. On Sunday, the family of the youth was supposed to come to see Mamta.On Saturday, Mamta left home with Rs 50 given by her mother. She is likely to have fixed up a meeting with the beau near Futala lake where the failed talks led to the ugly episode. However, Mamta's body was fished out after a couple of hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13126957", "title": "Hi-tech selection of exam invigilators at Mahamaya Technical University", "text": "NOIDA: In order to ensure greater transparency and minimal chance of human errors during the examinations, the Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) has introduced a new system of completely randomizing the choice of practical examination invigilators.According to university officials, the process was earlier done manually and teachers were chosen for the examination. However, due to the increasingly large number of students appearing every year for these examinations, the process turned incredibly tedious and faulty. \"There are 408 colleges under MTU, the students of which will be sitting for examinations this year. For each course, four invigilators are required per subject. Therefore, it is extremely essential to make sure that the process is done in such a way that it's easy for the affiliated colleges as well as the involved teachers,\" said JP Pandey, controller of examinations, MTU.The technical university had previously created a holistic online portal wherein teachers were required to enter the details of their teaching and educational career into an online space revealing their bio data. \"We have created an algorithm that calculates the total number of teachers who are valid for practical examination duty. The algorithm assigns a college four teachers, out of which one is chosen randomly after it is determined whether he is free or not,\" added Pandey.According to officials, the system doesn't leave any space for biases or corruption which was proving to be a problem in some of the far flung districts that have colleges affiliated to the university. \"There were cases when we received complaints of corrupt practices and invigilators not showing up during these exams. This system will completely stop this possibility,\" said Pandey.In the case of practical examinations, the system will also ensure the physical presence of both the external invigilator and the practical examiner, who will both need to enter their unique passwords and feed in the examination data into the online system, said officials.The portal will also allow students, teachers and colleges to individually view their performance and also allow for greater accountability of affiliated colleges, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128905", "title": "Trinamool wants UPA-II to complete full term: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 48 hours after the Bengal chief minister dropped hint that the Lok Sabha polls may be advanced, her party colleagues on Sunday went into damage control mode, saying they were confident that the UPA-II would complete its full term. After Trinamool Congress Rajya Sabha MP Derek O Brien, party leader in the Lok Sabha Sudip Bandopadhyay on Sunday said the Trinamool would want the Centre to complete its five-year term in office.Mamata had told partymen in Kolkata on Friday that she knew that a political party in Delhi had held a meeting discussing the possibility of preponing the Lok Sabha polls. \"There was deliberation (in Delhi) on advancing the LS election to 2013. Anyday, we can face election. We have to remain ready,\" she had said.Derek had tweeted on Saturday, : \"Let me clear the half truths being reported... I would be happy to see UPA 2 last its full term.\" Sudip said in Delhi on Sunday, \"Parliament should continue for the full five-year term. We should ensure it is not dissolved in 13 days or 13 months as in the past. It leads to huge financial losses to the nation.\"A Trinamool MP said, \"The CM's statement was aimed at rejuvenating her party workers ahead of the crucial panchayat polls in 2013. These elections will be the one-year-old government's first big test. Nothing more should be read into it.\"Congress ruled out any possibility of mid-term poll. Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said, \"One thing is clear that the UPA-II will complete its term and elections will be held on the scheduled time. There is no question of any mid-term poll. I can specifically say that the election would be held as per schedule.\"BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said, \"If Mamata Banerjee can get this country free of this government early, it is even better. She has hinted at 2013... we would want this government to go in 2012 only because it is not in favour of this country for this government to stay even for a minute longer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128674", "title": "Furniture showroom burgled at Bhadrakali", "text": "NASHIK: Cash and furniture totally worth Rs 90,000 were burgled from a furniture showroom in Bhadrakali last Friday. The owners of the showroom, Lakudz, discovered the theft when they went to open it on Saturday. The burglars had broken open the shutter and stole Rs 65,000, a camera and furniture. The Bhadrakali police are investigating the case.Youth loses bike to fraudsters: A 22-year-old youth lost his motorcycle, worth Rs 50,000, to two fraudsters after they sought his help. Gaurav Singh of Shree Ganesh Temple, Shivaji Nagar, Satpur, was riding along Trimbak Road at around 8.30 am on Saturday, when the two waved to him, requesting to be dropped at the ITI signal. When the reached the signal, the duo told Gaurav to wait as they had some urgent work and would be back within a minute. However, they did not return with the bike.Husband accused of assault: Shaminbano Shaikh (25) of Ganesh Nagar, Vadala Gaon, accused her husband Gafar Abdul (36) of beating her up over a minor issue. Shaminbano said that when she asked Gafar why he had reached home at around 10 pm on May 7, he threatened her, beat her up and broke her finger.Son beats up mother: A 40-year-old woman has lodged a complaint against her 22-year-old son for beating her up. Karuna Jogdand, a resident of Nashik Road, said that Bhushan injured her with a sharp weapon after an argument. She said that the argument broke out on May 11 as her son doubted her character. Bhushan abused his sister when she intervened, and threatened to kill the both of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13127110", "title": "Lokayukta treats high-end pets as assets of owners", "text": "BHOPAL: Foreign breed dogs and high-end pets are considered a 'priced possession' by the special police establishment (SPE) of Madhya Pradesh anti-corruption watchdog. The cost of high-end pets recovered from the premises of government officials during raids to unearth disproportionate assets are appended to the assets of the owners.In the latest raid carried at the residence of state health services director (now suspended) Amar Nath Mittal last week, the SPE has pegged the cost of his three foreign breed canines at Rs 30,000.\"Of course, such dogs too are covered in the inventory unearthed during raids,\" SPE superintendent Siddharth Chaudhary told TOI.He said such dogs are bought with money and it was definitely an asset. Chaudhary said that of the three canines found at Mittal's residence one was a German Shepherd breed.Mittal and his wife are said to be were very fond of canines and they spent a lot on their upkeep as well. Mittals had kept all their dogs in an air-conditioned room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13131535", "title": "A notch above", "text": "KOLKATA: With the need for differentiation increasing significantly in the Management Education Institute (MEI) sector, the MEI Grading Service offered by India's major rating ICRA Limited has gained further momentum. Confirming the trend, ICRA has announced MEI Grading Services for the School of Business Management (SBM), Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Science (NMIMS); Xavier Institute of Management &amp; Entrepreneurship; Hyderabad Business School; and Acharya Institute of Technology, MBA.An ICRA MEI Grading Service reflects its current opinion on the quality of education imparted at the institutes concerned. Speaking on the developments, Naresh Takkar, managing director, ICRA, said, \"ICRA's MEI Grading Service, by providing a reliable and independent opinion on the quality of education imparted by the MEI grade, seeks to benefit all the stakeholders i.e. the students, recruiters, faculty, and the institute itself.\"The grading is deduced by following an analysis against several quantitative and qualitative parameters that ICRA draws upon the basis of its own research, and in consultation with various experts belonging to fields of professional education and 'user industries'. The MEI Grading Services are assigned on a five-point scale - from EB1 to EB5 - with EB1; reflecting a very high quality of management education, while EB5, the opposite.ICRA has assigned an EB1 IN Grading at the all-India level, and an EB1 MH Grading at the state level to the MBA Core (or Core), MBA Banking Management (BM) and MBA Capital Markets (CM) courses offered by SBM and NMIMS, Mumbai.ICRA has further assigned an ICRA EB 2 IN Grading at the all-India level, and an ICRA EB 2+ KA Grading at the state level to Xavier Institute of Management &amp; Entrepreneurship, Bengaluru; an ICRA EB 3 IN at the all-India level, and an ICRA EB 3+ AP Grading at the State level to Hyderabad Business School, Hyderabad; and an ICRA EB 4 IN Grading at the all-India level to Acharya Institute of Technology, MBA, Bengaluru.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127169", "title": "Need schools to train bikers?", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are car driving schools on every road, but ever seen a bike riding school? In India, people graduate straight from bicycles to motorbikes - from pedal power to machines that produce double-digit horse power and can clock over 100kmph - without formal training. It is not surprising then that bikers form the largest casualty group among motorists.In just the first four months of this year, 186 motorcyclists have died in 180 accidents, killing 49 other road users. And it's not just reckless riding that's to blame - often, riders are clueless about things like traction control under hard braking and heavy loads, or on wet/oily roads. This is where proper training can help.The Hurt Report that analysed accident data in the US between 1976 and 1981 found that 92% of riders in accidents had no formal training, and interviewed riders generally did not take responsibility for their errors, or even realize that the accidents could have been avoided. It recommended that: \"Motorcycle Rider Course of the Motorcycle Safety Foundation (MSF) should be the prerequisite (or at least co-requisite) of licensing and use of a motorcycle in traffic.\"In Europe, too, mandatory motorcycle training, known as Compulsory Basic Training, is common. Schools and organizations provide training to beginners and refresher courses for experienced riders. The United Kingdom has several organizations dedicated to improving motorcycle safety by providing advanced rider training over and above what is necessary to pass the basic motorcycle test.These include, the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA).In the UK (except Northern Ireland) and some Australian jurisdictions such as Victoria, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and the Northern Territory, it is compulsory to take a rider training course for even a learner's licence.In South Africa also, dozens of trained marshals are available as part of the Think Bike campaign to increase safety.\"There is a need to change the licensing system in the country, especially for motorcycles. In the UK, a provisional driving licence is provided to motorcycle riders at the age of 17 and they are not allowed to ride a bike of more than 125cc engine capacity and 11KW (14.6bhp) power. Provisionally licensed riders are not allowed to use major highways and motorways, carry a pillion and ride without a learner plate,\" said KK Kapila, chairman, International Road Federation (IRF).Riders must wait two years for a full licence, and during this period they have to install speed limiters on bikes of engine capacity between 150cc and 400cc to restrict the speed to 100kmph, he added.Motorcycle safety education is offered throughout the United States by groups ranging from state agencies to non-profit organizations and corporations. Most states use courses designed by the MSF, while Oregon and Idaho have developed their own. All of the training programmes include a basic, intermediate and advanced rider courses.In Canada, motorcycle rider training is compulsory in Quebec and Manitoba only, but all provinces and territories have graduated licensing programmes which place restrictions on new riders until they have gained experience. Eligibility for a full motorcycle licence or endorsement for completing a motorcycle safety course varies by province. Training course graduates may qualify for reduced insurance premiums.In India, the rules are much simpler and bikes are classified only as geared and ungeared for the purpose of licensing. Still, 4,730 people were found riding without a licence last year. None of the city's licensing centres have a riding track, and awareness campaigns about two wheeler safety are restricted to strapping helmets and following traffic rules.\"Improving the condition of roads also helps reduce accidents. Given the popularity of two wheelers, the government may consider having special lanes for them. India should also set up motorcycle driving safety schools and courses,\" said Kapila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127103", "title": "Milk may be back on BMC menu", "text": "Mumbai: The BMC has floated a Rs 121 crore proposal to buy flavoured milk for civic schools.To prevent any delays, the BMC plans to buy the milk directly from dairies rather than going through dealers in the market. The proposal is likely to be placed before the standing committee, which is scheduled to meet early this week.Five years ago, the BMC floated a scheme to provide flavoured milk to children in civic schools. However, the plan was discontinued last year after cases of food poisoning were reported. The BMC was unable to clear the proposal, which was eventually put on hold due to the civic polls.\"We had an unpleasant experience of providing milk to schoolchildren last year,\" said standing committee chief Rahul Shewale.\"Hence, this time we have asked the civic administration to look into the matter and ensure that there is some accountability if anything goes wrong. The proposal has been in the pipeline since last year but it got delayed due to the civic polls,\" he added.Along with flavoured milk, khichdi will be provided to the students in the new academic year. Both the items were withdrawn from the mid-day meal scheme after cases of food-poisoning were reported.According to civic officials, some precautionary measures have been taken this time. \"Periodic assessment will be done by the ward officials and the local corporator,\" said Shewale.\"Moreover, health and nutrition experts have already submitted their report on the flavoured milk proposal and given the green signal,\" he added.Interestingly, the civic body is planning to rope in ISKCON temple to improve the quality of khichdi that will be provided. The BMC is likely to request the temple authorities to train the contractors so that the quality of khichdi can be improved. The civic body's mid-day meal scheme, Shaleya Poshan Aahar, is sponsored by the state government and the Centre.Around 4.5 lakh children in 1,319 municipal schools across the city will benefit from the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129266", "title": "Summer internships", "text": "Child Rights and You (CRY) is organising six-week internships for students and working professionals in the coming summer vacations.\"An internship with CRY will enable interns to continue to participate in the struggle for the rights for children beyond the course of the internship. Students can intern across a range of verticals, from legal research, conceptualising campaigns, managing volunteer/intern events, creating content and creative campaigns on child rights issues, to conducting surveys, writing reports, data collation and analysis , to filing RTIs, networking, running online campaigns and petitions, depending on their skill-sets and interest areas,\" says Leena Prasad, volunteer action, North, CRY.Talking about the activities planned for interns during the internship, Prasad says, \"The first step is an induction, where an intern is briefed about the organisation , the internship norms and processes, and an udate on children's rights in India.Following this, there is a plan of action and mandate to be developed by the intern in consultation with the assigned mentor. The intern is meant to adhere to the mandate drawn up.\"The applicant has to be enrolled in an academic institute and the number of seats is pre-determined by every region in the beginning of the year. Students in a college can apply directly or through their college placement cells. \"The student needs to follow a set of pre-internship process such as sending the CV, statement of purpose (SoP) and an essay, and fill a few standard forms/questionnaires . After this, there is an interview followed by the final selection process. On successful completion, a certificate is given to the intern,\" explains Prasad.Currently, internships are available in Chennai, Hyderabad and Delhi. Resumes with statement of purpose and a brief note on any one child rights issue can be sent by email to rajakumari.michael@crymail .org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127730", "title": "Caste system a taint on democracy: Meira Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speaker Meira Kumar said democracy and caste system could not go hand in hand, setting the tone for a show of concern for dalits and tribals.Initiating the special session in Lok Sabha , Speaker Kumar said, \"It is an irrefutable truth that democracy and caste system cannot go hand in hand. Democracy is based on equality while caste system on the differences between the socially superior and inferior. One of the two systems has to die. Today, when we are collectively glorifying democracy with full zeal, we should also root out caste system with all the might at our command.\"The sentiment found resonance across the political spectrum in the two Houses as members spoke about the need to uplift SCs and STs. JD(U)'s Sharad Yadav said caste system was a bigger malaise than population boom. Referring to the oft-raised call for ending reservation, he said those coming up with the demand would have to justify the continuance of caste superiority. \"You will have caste and not give any type of facility, how can that happen?\" he asked.Saying that caste divisions had the founding fathers express concern about the post-British situation, he said the apprehensions had proved correct. He asked Congress to check the \"face of the ministry\", in what appeared a reference to dominance of people from stronger social groups.RJD chief Lalu Prasad praised the evolution of parliamentary politics, suggesting that backward classes like his would have been \"grazing cattle\" but were now part of the country's biggest panchayat.However, the issue quickly turned into a debate on quotas. BSP supremo Mayawati targeted Congress for paying lip-service to the interests of dalits and raised the issue of quota in promotions over which she recently threatened to launch a nationwide agitation.Saying that political interest had replaced national interest, the dalit leader said, \"We witnessed this recently when Congress government merely offered to call an all-party meeting over reservation in promotion for SC/STs. It was because they only had their political interest in mind and we were forced to walk out from the House.'' She had earlier demanded a constitutional amendment to nullify the Supreme Court order quashing the promotion quota.LJP's Ramvilas Paswan demanded that SC/ST reservation be extended to judiciary, private sector and media.S K Bwiswmuthiary of Bodoland People's Front demanded SC/ST quota to be proportionate with their population, underlining that the quantum was fixed four decades ago while dalit and tribal populations had grown. \"Why this discrimination,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133418", "title": "App review: SmartSync for iOS", "text": "SmartSync is a free app that syncs your iOS phonebook with your Facebook friendlist. The app needs to be granted permission to access your Facebook profile after which it scans your phonebook and Facebook friend list to find matching contacts. Once the scan is complete, it shows matching results - you can then change or remove any incorrect matches.The app takes a few minutes to download the contact images and profile information such as birthday, status updates and so on - and then syncs it with your iPhone's phonebook. It updates the incoming caller image with the contact images from Facebook.It can also be set to display a contact's latest status update along with the caller image when he/she calls you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new shivaji nagar", "code": "13127892", "title": "Ludhiana youth in first Punjabi 3D film", "text": "NEW SHIVAJI NAGAR: Model-turned-actor Jimmy Sharma is home these days working on his Punjabi feature film Khauf, which would be the first Punjabi 3D feature film, he says. Jimmy is also awaiting the release of his other film Rahe Chardikala Punjab Di.Khauf, with Jimmy in the lead role, is being shot at Amritsar these days. My next film is based on the culture and heritage of Punjab. Other prominent actors in the film are Prabhleen Sandhu, Sapna Thakur, Daksh Ajit Singh , Shakti Kapoor , Sharad Saxena, Gurinder Makna and Sunita Dhir, says Jimmy, about Rahe Chardikala Punjab Di.Jimmy says he wanted to be an actor since he was a kid and started his struggle 10 years ago. He worked in about 400 music videos of Punjabi albums initially, which gave him proper exposure in front of the camera.Model-turned-actor Jimmy Sharma has no formal training in acting but has learnt all his skills on the job and by observing senior actors. In 2009, the actor moved his base to Mumbai and landed his first Punjabi film Mar Jawan Gud Khake in 2011. He also got a chance to work in a Bollywood movie Dekho Yeh Hai Mumbai and is still looking for a successful break in the industry. I want to work in both Punjabi and Hindi cinema, says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129347", "title": "Mother's Day: Malls, restaurants draw huge crowds", "text": "KANPUR: Mother's Day was a day of brisk business for the malls and restaurants. Huge crowds were witnessed at several recreational joints on Sunday.Discounts, special offers and gifts were offered by the apparels and jewellery shops. Even restaurants and eatery joints brought out special 'mom' menu and fun games which grabbed attention.The owners of mall and restaurants have added to the joy by making the atmosphere lively with pleasant music and special songs dedicated to moms. Fun Games for mother and kids also attracted people to these places.Yash (12) and Sneha (10) who were shopping with their mother Suman at a mall. They said, \"We have given our mom a saree with the money we saved from our pocket money. We have made a power-point presentation of mummy's memorable days and moments. It has some photos of our family outings which we will show her.\"Kritika, shopping with her kids at the same venue said that she literally cried in the mall without even caring about the people around when her son gifted her a hand-bag by saving his pocket money.\"Mom's joy matter more than the price tag,\" said Sahil, her son.Deepti said: \"I am taking out my mother for the day after a long time. Managing home never gives my mother enough time for herself. An outing will give her a break from the kitchen.\"Meanwhile, many schools also celebrated Mother's Day on Saturday. Mothers of tiny tots in various schools had a memorable day with their kids playing fun games. The kids also participated in various competitions with their moms. Many of them made cute message cards and gifted it to mothers. They even sang songs for moms.Jyoti, mother of four-year-old Gauri, won the first prize in dress code for mother and kid competition in a pre-school in K-Block, Kidwai Nagar area. Expressing her happiness of winning the title of best mother, she said, \"It was one of the best days in my life. My daughter and I went in a same dress code. She presented a plate with my picture and a cute message and I loved the gesture very much.'Jyotsana, mother of seven years old Vansh and five years old Khushi, said that she was overjoyed by the celebration of motherhood at her kids school. The surprise gift from my kids made her glad and the song they sang for her brought tears her eyes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128701", "title": "Indians popping more antibiotics than ever: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: There has been a six-fold increase in the number of antibiotics being popped by Indians. This includes the retail sale of Carbapenems -- powerful class IV antibiotics, typically used as a \"last resort\" to treat serious infections caused by multi-drug resistant, gram-negative pathogens.Research by the Centre for Disease Dynamics, Economics and Policy, Washington DC , has found that retail sale of carbapenems increased six times -- from 0.21 units per million in 2005 to 1.23 in 2010, raising serious fears of resistance to these drugs.The Centre said that based on pharmaceutical audit data from IMS Health's Multinational Integrated Data Analysis System ( MIDAS), the size of the carbapenem retail market in India was $27.4 million (Rs 119.4 crore) in 2010 which is actually a small share of the $1.7 billion (Rs 7,953 crore) anti-infectives market, and $10 billion (Rs 46,787 crore) total pharmaceutical market.India consumes fewer carbapenems per capita than Pakistan. In 2010, a total of 1,753,740 units of carbapenem antibiotics -- usually dispensed in 1g vials -- were retailed in pharmacies throughout India and Pakistan (1,457,246 and 196,494 in each, respectively). When adjusted for population, Indian per capita consumption in 2010 was 27% lower than that of Pakistan: 1.25 units per million population versus 1.7.CDDEP research analyst Nikolay Braykov told TOI from Washington. \"Indian carbapenem consumption grew at more than twice the pace of Pakistan between 2005 and 2010: there was nearly a six-fold increase. In Pakistan, the same market grew 2.5 times, from 0.68 to 1.7 units per million population. The data covers the retail pharmacy channels, estimated to account for 80% of the total pharmaceutical market in both India and Pakistan.\"CDDEP said the highly competitive domestic pharmaceutical industry in India could play a role in the rapid growth of carbapenem overuse. Based on search of the CIMS, there are over 55 brand names of carbapenem antibiotics retailed on the Indian market.\"This is a lot, considering carbapenems are a relatively new antibiotic class with only four drugs: meropenem (most popular in India), imipenem/cilastatin, ertapenem and doripenem (the newest and most expensive one). By comparison, there were only six product names in Pakistan and five in the US,\" Braykov said.The health ministry too has been worried about India's overuse of antibiotics. India had made plans to ban the availability and over-the-counter sale of the latest generation of antibiotics from general pharmacies in a bid to end the country's obsession with popping pills. However the plans were shelved.Just days before the drug controller general of India was to notify Schedule H1, the health ministry decided that a \"broader consensus was required\" and withheld its notification. As many as 90 antibiotics would have been brought under the new schedule. There would have been strict curbs on the sale of these antibiotics.The schedule would have had two parts -- Part A having 16 drugs and antibiotics that would be sold directly by drug manufacturers to the tertiary care hospitals. These drugs would have a label with a red box and would be marked as for use in tertiary care hospitals only. Part B had 74 drugs and formulations that would carry the warning, 'It is dangerous to take this preparation except in accordance with the medical advice', and 'Not to be sold by retail without the prescription of the doctor'.Part A included drugs like Moxifloxacin, Meropenem, Imipenem, Ertapenem, Doripenem, Colistin, Linezolid and Cefpirome. Part B included drugs like Gentamicin, Amikacin, Pencillin, Oxacilin, Zolpidem, Cefalexin, Norfloxacin, Cefaclor and Cefdinir.Even director of Centres for Disease Control Atlanta chief Dr Thomas R Frieden, who was recently in India, told the TOI in an exclusive interview that drug resistance due to irrational use of antibiotics will increase in the future. \"It is very important that India came out with a policy to control irrational use of antibiotics. Superbugs like NDM1 and drug resistance are definitely major threats,\" Dr Frieden said.The World Health Organization has also warned that the world is staring at a post-antibiotic era, when common infections will no longer have a cure. WHO director general Dr Margaret Chan said when antibiotics were first introduced in the 1940s, they were hailed as wonder drugs. \"Widespread infections that killed millions could be cured. Major diseases, like syphilis, gonorrhoea, leprosy and tuberculosis lost much of their sting. However today, the message is clear -- the world is on the brink of losing these miracle cures,\" Dr Chan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128944", "title": "To be or not to be tattooed", "text": "Deepika Padukone did it. So have many youngsters in Bangalore. After breaking up with their boyfriends and girlfriends, the first thing these youngsters tend to do is to run to dermatologists to get erased those tattoos on their bodies proclaiming their relationships.The Bollywood star allegedly did the same when she split with boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor . She had his initials tattooed on the nape of her neck.Besides break-ups , family objections and second thoughts, too, are forcing youngsters to queue up before dermatologists to get the 'colourful body art' erased. Removing a tattoo is as much in demand as doing up one, confirm city dermatologists.The tattoo, once considered to be part of rural culture , is now hip in urban India , thanks to the West embracing it in style. But not everyone who bravely bears the needles retain it permanently . Dermatologists are getting 3-4 cases for tattoo removal every week. The treatment costs between Rs 500 and Rs 50,000, depending on the tattoo's size and colour.'' Earlier, we used to get cases from villages as tattoo art is popular in rural India. Many migrating to cities had a tattoo and used to visit us for getting it removed. Those were mostly small tattoos of religious symbols or names, and were easy to remove. But now we are getting people from the city, mostly the younger generation (20-30 years),'' said Dr Manoj Parekh, consultant dermatologist, Bhagwan Mahaveer Jain Hospital. Dr Venkataram Mysore , dermatologist, Venkat Charmalaya, said: '' People opt for tattoo removal for various reasons. Mostly it is because of a relationship having gone wrong. Teenagers get a tattoo done because they find it fashionable, but many a time they face family objection and are asked to remove it.'''' They also come to us to remove it after having second thoughts. For instance, girls who come to Bangalore for higher studies get tattoos done and then want to get them removed when they have to return home to get married,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129187", "title": "State Election Commission fixes amount to be spent on canvassing", "text": "KANPUR: The State Election Commission has fixed the amount that one can spend on canvassing for the post of mayor and a corporator. This time, there would be no extra force from other states and the responsibility of conducting elections would rest with the Uttar Pradesh Police.The candidates contesting elections to be mayor in the nagar nigams having 80 or more wards can spend upto Rs 12.50 lakh on campaigning. In nagar nigams with less than 80 wards, the mayoral candidates can spend not more than Rs 10 lakh. The candidates who wish to contest for the post of corporator in nagar nigams with less than 80 wards cannot spend more than Rs 1 lakh.Similarly, for palika parishads and nagar panchayats, the commission has fixed the amount one can spend on contesting elections for the post of president of palika parishad and president of nagar panchayat. For these two positions, the candidates can spend upto Rs 4 lakh and Rs 1 lakh respectively. The candidates who would contest election for becoming the member in either palika parishad or nagar panchayat can spend upto Rs 40,000 and Rs 20,000 respectively on campaigning.Electronic voting machines would be used during the civic elections. In palika parishads and nagar panchayats, votes would be cast through ballot. On the day of polling, only voters would be allowed to ride their vehicles close to the polling booths. The available police force in the state and PAC would be deployed in and around the polling centres.The State Election Commission had directed that video and digital cameras be placed at sensitive polling centres. Videography at such centres can also be done. The district administration is making preparations in this regard.It is expected that in the first week of June, the election dates would be declared. State Election Commissioner SK Agarwal had instructed the authorities of Kanpur and Jhansi divisions to cautiously identify the highly sensitive and sensitive booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129038", "title": "Infosys' top management wage bill crosses $10 million mark", "text": "BANGALORE: IT behemoth Infosys paid its top management a total remuneration of $10.7 million (over Rs 50 crore) during the last financial year, registering a 52% increase over the previous year, the company said in an annual regulatory filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).The Bangalore-headquartered IT firm said the remuneration paid to its key management personnel, which includes directors and executive council members, had remained almost unchanged at about $7 million for the last two fiscals (2009-10 and 2010-11 ).Stephen R Pratt, executive council member of Infosys, was the top paid executive with a total compensation package of $2 million in the last fiscal. B G Srinivas, who now heads the BFSI vertical, was paid $1.19 million as compensation, while Ashok Vemuri, the global head of manufacturing and engineering services units at Infosys, was paid $1.18 million. Infosys effected a key leadership reshuffle in February where two of its \"CEO-material\" leaders, Vemuri and B G Srinivas, interchanged their current roles and swapped their operating domains with effect from April 1, 2012.Despite a sharp increase in compensation last fiscal, individual pay packages of some of the top management executives shrank to a large extent- including executive cochairman S Gopalakrishnan, CEO S D Shibulal and chief financial officer V Balakrishnan -shrank to a large extent.Shibulal's package was reduced by about $80,000 to $1,62,990 in 2011-12, while Gopalakrishnan's remuneration fell by about $85,000 to $1,64,543 in the same period.However, K V Kamath's compensation rose to $2,05,000 from $1,25,600, a 63% increase in the total package over the 2011 fiscal. Kamath took charge as the chairman of the board in August 2011, but has served as an independent director since May 2009.Infosys chief mentor N R Narayana Murthy, who retired from the board in August last year, was paid $67,100 as compensation, down from $137,500 in the previous fiscal.The company said that a committee determines and recommends the compensation payable to the directors and shareholders approve all board-level compensation packages. Remuneration of the executive directors consists of fixed component, bonus and a variable performance-linked incentive. All its executive directors are entitled to a bonus of up to 20% of their fixed salary, as also the incentives linked to the company's and individual performances. The compensation committee makes a half-yearly appraisal of the performance of the employee directors.\"We have a variable compensation structure for all of our employees . Our board aligned the compensation structure of our employee directors in line with that applicable to all of our other employees,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128772", "title": "GCDA to hold first round of talks to draft Vision-2030", "text": "Kochi: If everything goes as per the plans of Greater Cochin Development Authority, the city will soon witness a surge in land development activities. The authority is gearing up to draft 'Vision-2030', a programme that will lay the foundation for large-scale projects, which are expected to redefine the city's landscape.As an initial step, GCDA will hold a preliminary meeting on Monday to discuss the projects that have to be included in the scheme. GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the local body wanted to make optimum use of the land it owns. It has already started creating a land bank by taking stock of its property in and around Kochi.\"We have to identify land and select projects that are suitable for that specific location. With many international projects like ICTT coming up, there are immense opportunities that GCDA can explore. There are suggestions that we should set up facilities like the logistics centre and entertainment centre, which in turn will invite big businesses,\" he said.On Monday, a 15-member committee comprising town planners from other cities and trade and commerce organizations will present their views on how land in Kochi can be developed. GCDA plans to incorporate the existing projects into the new scheme and extend its reach to suburbs and satellite towns.As the next step, the observations made by this committee will be discussed with panchayats, municipalities and corporation authorities. The final decision will be taken after holding talks with ministers, legislators and government secretaries.According to Venugopal, to make Vision-2030 a reality, greater financial autonomy is needed. GCDA is now in the process of requesting the local self-government department to lift the sealing on funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13127202", "title": "Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology PhD interview: 180 shortlisted", "text": "INDORE: Around 180 candidates have been shortlisted for the interview of doctoral programme in physics from various states at Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology this academic year.Candidates from Uttar Pradesh , West Bengal , and metros have been called for the interview while there's only one candidate from MP.\"This year the institute has called for almost double the number of candidates for the PhD in physics programme,\" said one of the sources in the institute. He said that the institute aims to give new horizons to the research standards for which best of the talents from across the country is required in this stream.Along with physics, the institute has also called candidates for doctoral programmes in chemistry and life sciences. The institute has issued a list of 20 and 18 candidates respectively in the streams to appear for the interview. The interview for PhD chemistry candidates will take place on May 15, 16 and 17 and for life sciences between May 19 and 22.The institute had invited applications last month after which a list of shortlisted candidates has been announced for the final selection. The students, on selection, will receive a fellowship amount for carrying out the research work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129597", "title": "New admission criteria", "text": "Rotman School of Management now considers applicants with a three-year UG degree from India. Tirna Ray reportsUntil 2011, Rotman School of Management's (University of Toronto), academic admission criteria required that applicants earned a 3.0 GPA in the final year of a four-year undergraduate degree. In India, that 3.0 GPA translates to 'first class' or 'first division.'Sheldon Dookeran, assistant director, MBA Recruitment and Admissions, points out, \"We have noticed most students who earn a four-year UG degree from India, earn that degree in one of two disciplines: engineering or IT. The four-year degree requirement discouraged strong candidates with academic backgrounds in areas such as commerce, science, communications, arts and humanities from applying.\"Rotman values the content of arts and science degrees and the potential of those who have earned them. Hence, Dookeran adds, \"To increase the diversity of applicants from India and to advance the talent of Indians with arts and science degrees, we now consider candidates with three-year undergraduate degrees.\"What is the weighting of experience, as far as admissions are concerned? \"Our students contribute valuable experiences, real examples , innovative ideas and industry insights from their professional careers to enrich classroom discussions , case studies and teamwork . So, we place as much relevance on an applicant's experience when assessing their candidacy for admission as their GMAT, GPA, interview, references and essays,\" Dookeran says. Until 2011, the school required that all applicants worked for at least two years for MBA admission.However , it now recognises the potential of MBA candidates with less than two years of work experience. Also, there is no minimum GMAT score requirement for admission. Instead , when assessing a candidate's work experience, the admissions committee will focus more on the candidate's professional accomplishments, achievements, contributions , impact and potential for management. Dookeran recommends that applicants have some work experience, especially international applicants who may not have a network in Toronto as yet. An applicant can receive an offer of admission with less than two years of work providing that they show exceptional strength in other admission criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131606", "title": "Kovai tees off in style this summer", "text": "Debunking the myth that it is an elitist sport, more people from various strata of society begin to pick up their clubs and give it a swing, this summerWith the IPL reaching a frenzy and cricket being the top-most discussion at work places, coffee pubs and most dinner tables, it definitely is hard for any other sport to find favour. However, with exams having come to an end and parents looking to engage their wards in other activities this summer, an 'elitist' sport seems to be slowly finding it's way into the minds of city folk.Over 50 children have enrolled in the recently started golf summer camp, and the enthusiasm among them has been admittedly infectious.\"It is very difficult in a cricket-crazy country to have a good following for other sports, but there sure has been a significant increase in the number of children and youngsters wanting to pick up the gentleman's sport of golf this year,\" notes Joseph Chakola, professional golfer and instructor at an upcoming golf academy. Chakola admits to being surprised by the response he has received this year, from different sections of society, debunking the myth that it is an elitist sport.\"I saw parents from different walks of life, and strata of society admitting their kids for the summer camp on the first day, and was pleasantly surprised. This definitely breaks thes myth that golf is a rich man's game,\" he stresses. The instructors also add some excitement to the sport by organizing treks and adventure activities, among others.\"We have a trek to the nearby hills and some treasure hunt activities planned after the coaching session, which I'm sure will excite the children. It is heartening to see the enthusiasm in the youngster's eyes to pick up the nuances of the game , and they often ask me when they can go professional,\" he says, impressed.Inspired by the exploits of golfers like Jeev Milkha Singh , Jyoti Randhawa and Arjun Atwal , among others at the international level, parents are also beginning to take the lead and encourage their wards to take up golf, not just as a hobby but also professionally. \"I noticed that my son used to follow all golf tournaments on television, from a very young age and had definite talent for the sport from the age of five,\" says D Sharath Ram, a club-level tennis player himself.Sharath Ram's son, Siddhartha, has now begun to make waves at the amateur level in national tournaments, having participated and won quite a few. He says golf is one sport which encourages longevity, where people can play well into their twilight years. In the process, the kids have been interacted with other kids as well, making friends along the way.\"Learning a new game in a calm, pollution-free environment is a special experience, and I have made many friends, who I compete with at the golf course,\" says Dharma, a school student. While it is gaining patronage among the younger lot, there are still your hardcore cricket maniacs who cock a snook at what they term a 'lazy' game.\"Golf is a very slow, long game that I have never really understood. While it may be good for people of the older generation, youngsters need quicker sports to keep themselves active. It may be a tough game to master, but is a sport I might take up only after retirement,\" says M Gautham, a share market professional and a cricket fanatic.While it may still have it's share of naysayers, there is no doubt that Generation Y is beginning to tee off in the greens, to good measure.vaibhav.shastry@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13127304", "title": "Thane tragedy: 3 teens drown at waterfall", "text": "Thane: A weekend at the Dabosa waterfall in the tribal taluka of Jawahar turned tragic for three teenagers from Silvasa.Poornima Parmar, Babita Rawal (both 18) and Izaz Shaikh (19) had reached the place on Saturday in a vehicle driven by Amir Bashir Khan (25).Police inspector Kiran Avchar from Jawahar said that late in the evening, the three friends went to the waterfall, and after sometime decided to take a dip in the swirl of water at the foot of the fall. Khan, too, joined them in taking the dip.As the four waded deeper into the swirl, they found it increasingly difficult to get back to the rocks. Only Khan, who knew swimming, could reach back after a struggle, while the three others drowned.When police and fire brigade personnel arrived at the scene, they could fish out only two bodies. A team of scuba divers has joined the rescue team as Poornima's body had not been traced till late on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127301", "title": "29-year-old nabbed for raping teen", "text": "Mumbai: The police on Sunday arrested a 29-year-old man for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl after threatening her at Poisar slum in Kandivli (E) on Friday night.The accused, Mahendra Chatur, lives in the same area as the victim and was known to her family.Initially, the victim's family had lodged a molestation case with the Samta Nagar police. They approached the police again on Sunday and told them that Chatur had raped the girl. Chatur was on Sunday produced in court, which remanded him in police custody till May 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127483", "title": "Jaipur remembers blasts victims", "text": "JAIPUR: People had two options on Sunday, either to watch the IPL match or participate in various events to pay homage to the victims who lost their lives four years ago in Jaipur blasts. Not surprisingly, many of them opted for the latter option.Heavy rush was seen at the Santokba Durlabhji Memorial Hospital (SDMH), Jaipur where people from all walks of life participated in a blood donation camp held in the memory of two little girls, Mehak and Diya, who were killed in the Jaipur bomb blasts on May 13, 2008.\"The blood collected here would be donated to various blood banks and be given to the needy people through hospitals,\" said one of the organisers of the event.Many people gathered at Statue Circle with candles in their hands. People paid their tributes by lighting candles between 7.30 pm and 8 pm, the time when blasts rocked the city four years ago.Since two policemen were also killed in the Jaipur blasts, the Kotwali and Manak Chowk police stations also paid floral tributes to the two victims. Many people including traders from the Walled City observed silence for two minutes.\"It was a nightmare. Though we may forget it but the families who lost their son, daughter, wife or husband will not be able to forget it,\" said Ghyanshyam Das Saini, a florist who witnessed the blasts at Phool Walon Ka Khanda at Choti Chaupar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "the music launch of the manchu manoj - deeksha seth starrer, voo kodathara vulikki padathara was scheduled to take place on the 18 may in guntur. the filmmakers who recently launched the logo of the movie have decided postpone it. actor manchu manoj broke the news on his twitter account. \"hey guys ", "code": "13131392", "title": "Voo Kodathara Vulikki Padathara audio postponed", "text": "The music launch of the Manchu Manoj - Deeksha Seth starrer, Voo Kodathara Vulikki Padathara was scheduled to take place on the 18 May in Guntur. The filmmakers who recently launched the logo of the movie have decided postpone it. Actor Manchu Manoj broke the news on his twitter account. \"Hey guys :) audio postponed to an other date :) wil let u all know once confirmed :)) love u all:),\" he wrote. Manchu Manoj is very kicked about this project and is pinning his hopes on the movie to get him that elusive hit. \"This is my dream project. I heard the script around the time I did Nenu Meeku Telusa. We have been shooting it for the last two years. It's a labor of love, so very excited,\" says Manoj. Touted to be a fantasy flick, the film has been shot in a special palace set raised, Gandharva Mahal that cost a whopping 6.5 crores. Lakshmi Manchu is producing this ambitious project. The movie is scheduled to released in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129093", "title": "Lack of judges drives up pendency rate", "text": "An increase of seven metropolitan magistrates' courts in the city since 2011 was probably the cause why pendency figures improved from last year, when the cases pending for more than 10 years numbered 65,993 and those awaiting conclusion for over five years totalled 83,692.Still, few regard an improvement in statistics as alleviation of the problem. As a public prosecutor pointed out to TOI, \"In many instances, cases are pending for so long that papers go missing and witnesses are untraceable. Even those witnesses who are available sometimes falter because they have forgotten over time the details of the case. There are also cases where the investigating officer has retired and cannot do much to bolster the prosecution's case.\"As an example of legal delay, activist Yogacharya Anandji cited his own case, where \"documents went missing several times\" and \"poor police investigation\" slowed down the case for years. \"My father was killed in an accident in 1980. But the verdict came only in 2007 and we received compensation from the Motor Accident Claims Tribunal in 2009,\" he said.Anandji added that, although two constables were witnesses, the case took many twists and turns: among other things, the accused fled the country and settled down in Canada. \"In most instances, it is only because of the persistence of the victim's family that the case ends up in a verdict. I too had to get involved at every stage of the case-from tracing the accused in Panchgani after the accident to eventually locating him in Canada.\"Many also underlined the misuse of the system through endless adjournments. \"A large number of cases are settled in magistrate courts. Those that remain pending for very long many times have powerful people as accused who misuse the processes of law to allow the case to fizzle out in time,\" said Y P Singh.Singh pointed out the contrast between a famous 2002 hit-and-run case and the 2006 Alistair Pereira case. While the 2002 case is yet to be disposed of, Pereira was convicted by the lower court. The Bombay high court too found Pereira guilty and he is currently serving a three-year sentence in prison.Activist Chetan Kothari, whose Right to Information query revealed the latest high pendency figures, said there is an urgent need for the police authorities to be more proactive in filing FIRs and completing their investigation on time. According to noted criminal lawyer Majid Memon, of the various reasons for legal delay the biggest concern is inadequate manpower. \"One of the main problems is the insufficient number of judges in proportion to the growing number of criminal matters. Indifference towards quick disposal of cases on the part of lawyers, and to some extent magistrates, is another problem,\" he said.WAIT CONTINUESSEPT 28, 2002Actor Salman Khan allegedly rammed his car into a bakery at Bandra (West), killing one person and injuring four others who were sleeping on the footpath outside the shop. A case was filed against him on the statement of his police guard Ravindra Patil, who first claimed that the actor was driving rashly and later said the actor was driving under the influence of alcohol. Khan was booked under IPC section 304 (causing death by negligence). But the Bombay HC held that section 304-II cannot be applied to Khan and that he instead be tried under IPC 304A (rash and negligent driving) and other relevant sections. When the state appealed against the HC order, the SC said the decision should be left to the magistrate court. The trial started in 2005, after which two witnesses-Patil and one Ramasray Pandey-turned hostile. It is still pending in courtJan 10, 1993Policemen Nikhil Kapse, along with other cops, allegedly opened fire on people offering prayers outside Hari Masjid. While one person was injured, six others also were hit. They were allegedly dragged thereafter to the R A K Marg police station. Following Bombay high court orders, the CBI registered a case against Kapse and several others. In September 2009, the matter was stalled after the state filed an application in the Supreme Court seeking a stay. In 2010, the stay was lifted. The CBI recently gave a clean chit to Kapse and said there was no evidence to show that the firing was not justified. The CBI told the court that it was seeking the case's closure due to lack of credible evidence. The lawyer of one of the victims, Farook Mapkar, opposed the CBI report. The matter will come for up for hearing in June", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13128049", "title": "Matric answersheet evaluation misses deadline", "text": "CUTTACK: In another controversy for the jinxed matriculation examination this year, the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) seems to be in fresh trouble as it has failed to complete the evaluation of answersheets of matriculation examination within the stipulated time, raising fear of delay in publication of results.The board, conducting the matriculation exam in the state, had fixed May 12 as the deadline to complete the evaluation of answersheets, but the deadline has now been extended to May 15.\"Most of the schools, where evaluation of answer sheets was being done, were allocated as exam centres for the examinees of Odisha Joint Entrance Examination and railway recruitment board. As a result, the evaluation work was affected. But we are confident of completing the process by May 15,\" said Satyakam Mishra, president of the board.He assured there will be no delay in publication of results, however. \"We are trying our best to publish the results by last week of June or by first week of July,\" Mishra said.The evaluation of answersheets had started from May 1 at nearly 71 centres across the state. Over 21,000 teachers are involved in the process of evaluating answersheets of 5.11 lakh examinees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127369", "title": "Western Command equipment on display today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To create awareness about the armed forces, Chandimandir-based Western Command is organizing a series of 'equipment displays' in Chandimandir, Panchkula, Chandigarh and Mohali. ''Western Command equipment display'' will be held at Dussehra Ground, Phase VIII, Mohali, from 9am to 11.30am on May 14. It aims at educating and motivating the youth to join the armed forces. Weapons and equipment to be displayed include tanks, BMP-II, ATGMs, 155mm bofors guns, air defence L-70 guns and infantry equipment.During the earlier Western Command equipment displays -- held at Chandimandir Cantonment from April 10 to 12, exhibition ground Sector-5, Panchkula, on May 9 and municipal corporation ground, Sector 34-C, Chandigarh, on May 11 -- the response from schoolchildren was overwhelming. More than 4,000 kids from over 45 schools were apprised of the Indian Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127230", "title": "Eamcet committee admits errors in question papers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Eamcet Committee on Sunday admitted that errors had crept into the engineering and medical question papers, examinations for which were held on May 12. The expert committee found six errors in Eamcet-2012. Eamcet officials released the preliminary key on Sunday.As per the preliminary key in engineering stream, questions 85,106 and 113 (Code A) of the Physics paper were found to be wrong. In the medical stream, question number 20 of the Botany paper had two correct answers, options two and four. In the Physics paper of medical stream, question number 96 (Code A) too, had two correct answers, options one and four.M V Ramana Rao, convenor of Eamcet, said that the usual practice is to delete questions when they are found to be wrong. \"We will wait for the CET committee to take a decision on whether the questions should be deleted,\" Rao said.All stake holders, including coaching centre experts and students can write to the Eamcet committee to point out more errors, if any, till May 19. The final key and the results are expected to be released in the first week of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13128896", "title": "Agnihotri college students invent hybrid solar tricycle", "text": "WARDHA: Eight students of Shri Shankarprasad Agnihotri College of Engineering, under the guidance of Prof Vikram Pakhale, have invented a hybrid solar tricycle, keeping in mind the requirement of physically challenged persons. The eco-friendly tricycle runs on solar energy , but in the unavailability of sunlight it can be operated by electricity, with the help of same battery.Gajanan Ayyar, one of the students, who developed this project, said, \"The tricycle has configuration of 2 solar panel of 75 watt, solar charger, 2 battery of 12 volts, brush less DC motor, speed controller. The market price of this new equipment will be between Rs 20,000-25,000.Another student Animesh Kundu, said, \"When we visited Anandwan at Warora, we decided to make a vehicle which can run on solar energy. However, lots of people have worked on this theme but none of the models appeared with tricycle system, we have succeeded in turning the idea into reality.\"\"While planning we realized that this was not a simple task since we had to prepare a system. After discussing with our professors, who taught us technical aspects of solar energy, we referred to a model of French scientist Venturi who made hybrid solar vehicle. Now we feel that we can use our knowledge for betterment of the physically-challenged persons,\" said Rahul Baghale, another student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13136938", "title": "New entrant in Sajda Tere Pyar Mein", "text": "Sailesh Gulabani, last seen in Preeto on Imagine, will now be seen in Sajda Tere Pyar Mein aired on Star Plus. The television actor will play Sameer, Ranveer's elder brother.However, both Sailesh and the channel spokespersons aren't saying much about this development, however, it has been reported that Gulabani has already started shooting for his part. Sajda Tere Pyar Mein is depicting a flashback era and is expected to snap into the present mode anytime soon.It's then that Sailesh will be seen as Sameer. Let's wait and watch how this serial shapes out for Sailesh, and how much Sailesh can do for this television serial, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128316", "title": "10 lakh ransom call after college girl's abduction", "text": "KOLKATA: A third-year BCom student was allegedly abducted from Ghola in North 24-Parganas by a youth on Friday. Incidentally, it is on the same day that a woman was allegedly assaulted and molested by a gang of men in Ghola's Manikdanga area for protesting against their indecent gestures.The girl's family filed a missing diary on Friday evening and claimed that they have received calls demanding Rs 10 lakh as ransom for her release.Her relatives also alleged that it was three days since she went missing, but police have done little to trace the girl's whereabouts. Police, however, said that they have not received any written complaint of abduction and were looking into the case with utmost sincerity.\"On Sunday, the girl's mother gave us a boy's name saying that it is the boy who kidnapped the girl. However, we have not received any written complaint of kidnapping. We are thus looking into the case according to the missing diary that has been filed and will immediately start an abduction probe once we receive a complaint of abduction,\" said a senior police officer of Barrackpore Police commissionerate.On Friday, the college girl had left home to appear for an examination in college. There has been no trace of her since then. She was not even picking up her mobile phone, forcing the family to lodge a missing complaint that evening.The girl's father, a businessman, claimed that on Saturday he received a call on his mobile phone from the girl's phone where the caller demanded Rs 10 lakh as ransom for the girl's release. The matter was informed to the police.Police are trying to trace the whereabouts of the girl with the help of the mobile tower location. The location was last traced to Halisahar.Incidents of crime against women is on the rise in Ghola. Last week, a television actress was stalked and abused by two drunken youths at the same place. Police allegedly looked into the complaint only after senior police officials intervened.In yet another crime incident in Ghola in North 24 Parganas, a third year college girl has been allegedly abducted by a youth from the area on last Friday. The girl had gone out to go to college and did not return since. Her family have complained that they have received ransom calls where the callers have reportedly demanded Rs 10 lakh for the girl's release. The girl's whereabouts is yet to be traced.The family members are complaining that more than three days have passed by but the police have not taken much initiative till now to trace the girl and nab the miscreants. However, police said that they have not received any written complaint of abduction and that they were still looking into the case with utmost sincerity. \"On Sunday, the girl's mother have given us a boy's name, saying that it is the boy who have kidnapped the girl. However, we have not received any written complaint of kidnapping. We are thus looking into the case according to the missing diary that has been filed and will immediately start an abduction probe once we receive a complaint of abduction,\" said a senior police officer of Barrackpore police commissionerate.It was only on last Friday night that a woman was trashed and molested and her earring, mobile phone and necklace was snatched by five goons at Ghola's Manikdanga area for raising her voice against the miscreants who were teasing her.On last Friday, a third year B.com student of Naihati RBC college went out from home to attend an examination in college. There has been no trace of her since then. The girl was carrying a mobile phone but she did not pick up the phone. A missing diary was filed that evening by the girl's family.However, on Saturday the girl's father, Rajkumar Jaiswal, a businessman reportedly received a call on his mobile phone from the girl's mobile phone, where the caller demanded a ransom of Rs 10 lakh for the girl's release. The matter was informed to the police. The police was trying to trace the location of the girl by tracking down the mobile tower location. A location near Halisahar was last tracked down as a search is on for the girl and the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13129134", "title": "Don't even go near CPM men: Mullick", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Don't even look at CPM supporters. If they come to you for a certificate, give it with you left hand, looking the other way.\" This advice for Trinamool Congress supporters came from Jyotipriyo Mullick, the state food and supplies minister, who had recently given a call for boycotting CPM supporters.Addressing a party meeting at Madhyamgram's Ganganagar on Sunday, Mullick said, \"Even the smell of a CPM man's body is poisonous. So, do not even go near them.\" Any bonhomie with CPM would stop Trinamool supporters from taking \"political revenge\" in future, the minister added.The meeting on Friday was organized to commemorate Trinamool's completing one year in power.Mullick said, \"I couldn't go to my Burdwan home for 30 years. I went there only after becoming a minister. Being a minister I could have taken revenge. But I didn't . You will have to learn to hate CPM. You shouldn't sit with them at tea stalls. You shouldn't go to marriage parties at CPM supporters' houses. You shouldn't mingle with them. Will you?\" After a loud \"No\" from the crowd, the minister added, \"If you don't follow my words, you will never be able to take political revenge.\"He advised his partymen to be always on their guard. \"They might murder you when you are alone,\" the Trinamool leader said.Fatwas: No formal negative reaction from TrinamoolJyotipriyo Mullick's statements asking his partymen not to mingle with CPM supporters have not evoked any formal negative reaction from Trinamool Congress . Thought his repeated outbursts are not in sync with Trinamool's pre-poll slogan of \"bodla noy bodol chai (change, not revenge)\", but Trinamool's state leadership has not publicly disassociated themselves with his hate-CPM fatwas.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, however, asked her partymen on Friday not to refuse poor people coming to them for help.On April 15, addressing a rally at Saptagram village in his Habra assembly constituency, Mullick had said, \"Do not interact with CPM supporters. I would advice you not speak to them even when you meet CPM supporters at tea stalls. We must boycott CPM socially. We should also make sure that nobody in our family enters any marital relationship with any CPM leader or supporter.\"Mullick's call for social boycott of CPM supporters had then triggered severe criticism both within the party - and outside - prompting him to deny having asked party workers never to marry into CPM families.The minister later clarified that he never said that Trinamool workers cannot enter into any marital relationship with CPM. \"I only said one should not attend any marriage ceremony at CPM supporters' families. And I have asked them to hate the CPM. That is the declared policy of Trinamool. There is nothing new in it. I never asked them to take revenge. The revenge I talked about is political revenge. And I am not repentant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127969", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to take oath as legislative council member today", "text": "LUCKNOW: After being elected unopposed to the legislative council in April, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , along with 12 others will take oath as members of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council on Monday. The oath will be administered by chairman of the council, Ganesh Shankar Pandey. Among the newly elected members, eight are from the ruling Samajwadi Party , three from Bahujan Samaj Party and one each from the Bharatiya Janta Party and Rashtriya Lok Dal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129135", "title": "House panel will inspect Chinnaswamy stadium after IPL season", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka State Cricket Association's (KSCA) face-off with the government and its agencies is far from over. After the public works department (PWD) and the BBMP, the House committee on privileges has now jumped in to dig up more dirt on the functioning of KSCA and IPL.The House committee, headed by MLC KC Kondaiah to look into various aspects of KSCA's functioning, will visit Chinnaswamy Stadium soon after the IPL season. \"The committee was to visit the stadium in the first week of May, but decided against it and will go once the matches are over,\" Kodaiah told TOI.In the background of allegations on various issues raised by then MLCs MP Nadagouda and Mukhya Mantri Chandru on the floor of the House, the legislative council chairman referred the issue to the privileges committee in 2010. The crux of the whole issue is that the land, where the stadium is housed, belongs to the PWD, and KSCA is paying a meagre rent of Rs 19,000 a year for a property worth over Rs 1,000 crore. The cricketing authorities were not sharing any revenue with the civic agency, despite earning crores of rupees through IPL. This apart, the legislators and BBMP corporators allege they are being ill-treated by the KSCA as they are not given VIP passes during cricket matches.Babus on stadium committee As many as 33 officers belonging to various departments were summoned by the House panel when it met some months ago. Proceedings of the meeting available with TOI shows that all the departments have mooted some kind of regulation and control by the government on KSCA. When the land was leased by PWD to KSCA, one of the pre-conditions was that three government nominees - secretary to education department, chief engineer (communications and buildings) and local sub-area commander - should be ex-officio members of the stadium committee.\"KSCA has never implemented this provision. They have formed its own committee comprising members of the association and are taking important decisions. This aspect will also be raised at our next meeting,\" Kondaiah said. Interestingly, commissioner for commercial taxes Pradeep Singh Kharola has admitted that the department levied penalty of over Rs 23 lakh when KSCA undervalued tickets during the previous edition of IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13127206", "title": "Boy shot at by sister's stalker", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A day after a Class XII boy was shot when he objected to lewd comments made by a man towards his sister, the police have arrested the accused.SSP Prashant Kumar said, \"We have arrested the accused Arvind. He is a tempo driver. A case of attempt to murder has been registered against him.\"The incident occurred in the Sanjay Nagar colony of Ghaziabad on Saturday night. Police said, Deepak Sharma (19), was shot by a man who was stalking his sister. The accused was trying to befriend Deepak's sister and was following her for a long time despite her spurning his advances, family sources said.\"We earlier lived in Hindon Vihar where he was out neighbour. He constantly threatened my sister and harassed her on her way to school. Fed up with this menace, we shifted to Sanjay Nagar,\" said Deepak Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127200", "title": "2 bank officials accused of cheating", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two employees of Union Bank of India have been accused of cheating huge amounts from the employees of Punjab Mandi Board, Sector 17. The accused have been identified as Dharambir Sharma, who has been dismissed from the services, and Kapil Dev , who is absconding.According to police sources, \"Dev had lured the employees of Punjab Mandi Board and won the trust of investors by returning them money with interest for a short period. He also convinced them to invest in a bogus society. Sharma was hand in gloves with Dev.\" Disclosing the modus operandi of accused, sources maintained that the culprits used to take money from the investors as short-time fixed deposits and issue them fake receipts. More than 30 board employees had invested money in the society.Inspector Yashpal Vinayak said accused Dev was the mind behind the scheme and he disappeared when his victims filed a police complaint against him. He said Sharma was dismissed from the bank when he was found to be involved in irregularities in 2007. The bogus society was registered the same year.Both accused were posted in the UBI branch situated inside Punjab Mandi Board, Sector 17, and were in the know of important bank details of all board employees, who had salary accounts in the branch. Accused Sharma is in police custody and would be produced in a local court on May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128280", "title": "Security agencies conned into issuing fake May 6 terror alert?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Were Indian security agencies conned into issuing the May 6 terror alert when photographs of four traders and a security guard from Pakistan were splashed as those of Lashkar terrorists who had sneaked into India to carry out attacks in Mumbai?As the government probes the embarrassment which on Sunday sparked protests from traders in Lahore, they are closely looking at the possibility of an Indian intelligence operative having been hoaxed by Pakistani tricksters who have been seeking to exploit India's anxiety to prevent terror attacks from across the border.Sources in the government said that post-26/11, conmen have been approaching Indian agencies and journalists; in one case even a politician, offering \"credible information\" for money.The usual modus operandi is to offer \"information\"; for instance a photograph of what is claimed to be an ISI facility or a terrorist training camp at an undisclosed location deep inside Pakistan. Although the veracity of \"inputs\" cannot be ascertained, Indian agencies with their dire need for intelligence on terror plots are compelled not to disregard them. Confidence gained, the tricksters are in business, regularly peddling information for amounts which have increased considerably after the attack on Mumbai.Only in this instance, the swindlers artfully raised their game by passing off photographs of the \"terrorists\" who had sneaked in Mumbai via the sea route and the details of their plan to target Mumbai. The Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) deemed the intelligence so sensitive and credible that it was instantly shared with the Intelligence Bureau, leading the Multiple Agency Centre to alert police in Maharashtra and Gujarat against what appeared to be an attempt to repeat 26/11. Sources don't rule out the possibility of \"sources\" having been even handsomely rewarded for the information.In the event, three of the terrorists turned out to be mobile phone traders operating from Lahore's popular electronic market Hafeez Centre. Another member of the group is an employee with one of the shops, while the remaining one is a security guard working there.All of them approached Lahore Police for protection after they got to know about reports in Indian media about the alert against their presence in Mumbai for a major terrorist attack.The bungle, which has many in Pakistan gloating, has led to calls for setting up a national data base of intelligence sources who could regularly be audited for credibility. It has also underlined India's continuing inability to access reliable real-time information on Pakistan-based terror groups who represent a major security challenge.With no credible network of their own in Pakistan, Indian agencies are forced to depend on paid contacts, many of them smugglers and petty criminals, who move across the border and return with sensational claims for a payment. It is feared that the shadowy set could well be working for agencies in Pakistan too. In fact, many in the Indian security establishment suspect that one such double agent could be behind the May 6 fraud perpetrated on RAW.Yet, intelligence agencies are compelled to remain engaged with the cross-border operatives who, besides being paid, are also allowed to carry on with their criminal activities. \"These cross-border contacts seem to know the helplessness of our agencies, and are adept at exploiting it,\" an official said.So there is no let up in the flow of \"information\" from \"Pakistani contacts\". Just before Republic Day this year, RAW came up with a sensational claim that over 100 Pakistan-trained terrorists had gathered at various launch pads across the international border and Line of Control, waiting for an opportunity to sneak into India. These terrorists were to target Mumbai and Delhi. Of them, some 20 were trained for underwater operations, the alert claimed. After several rounds of meetings in the security establishment, serious questions emerged about the credibility of the information, leading RAW to quietly withdaw the alert.A similar \"intelligence\" industry exists, although on a much smaller scale, along the Bangladesh border too. Last year, the West Bengal police \"sourced\" photographs of two alleged terrorists who were planning to attack Mumbai. A detailed scrutiny revealed that the photographs were fake.In fact, Assam police for years kept issuing alarming terror alerts based on their cross-border contacts. They have stopped doing so after an overwhelming majority of warnings turned out to be spurious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128334", "title": "Kids flaunt mental arithmetic skills at national contest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The second national mental arithmetic competition was conducted by the CMA Mental Arithmetic (India) at the Mar Gregorious Jubilee auditorium here on Saturday. Around 900 children from across the state participated in the event.The auditorium was flooded with children. An eager group of parents watched from the balcony, as their kids indulged in mental acrobatics to solve complex arithmetics in a matter of seconds.The competition was split into two sections of mental arithmetic and abacus arithmetic. Children of different grade levels had to go through three rounds. \"They have to do complex arithmetics involving 5 -6 digit numbers and decimals,\" said Sunil Kumar, CEO of CMA (India).\" Some problems include solving a string of six digit numbers by addition and subtraction,\" he added.In the mental arithmetic competition, the first two rounds had 10 questions to be answered in one minute and the third round had 40 questions to be solved in one minute. On the other hand, the abacus arithmetic had first two rounds of 10 questions with a deadline of three minutes and the third round required the children to solve 20 questions in 30 seconds.Parents feel that CMA is a way to improve their children's mathematical performance. \"My son has shown remarkable improvement in arithmetic calculations,\" said Dileep Kumar, father of a nine-year-old. \"Whenever we need any clarifications regarding calculation of money in the house, we ask our daughter to do it for us,\" said Ambika Suresh, a parent of 12-year-old Anu from Pattom.Abhiram Krishna of St Thomas School, Thiruvananthapuram came first in mental arithmetic acquiring the highest level of grade 1 and also in the abacus arithmetic winning grade 2. Abhiram will be qualified to compete in the advanced level of CMA competitions at the international level.Leader of the opposition VS Achuthanandan gave away the prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128331", "title": "Missing teen found in Karwar", "text": "PANAJI: Teenager Omkar Chari, who disappeared after the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) on May 9, was found at his maternal uncle's residence in Karwar on Sunday evening. Panaji police said that at about 6.30pm on Sunday, they received a call from the minor's father that he arrived at his maternal uncle's house at 5.30 pm. Chari, 17, was last seen outside the exam centre at a city school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128092", "title": "When MPs spoke in different languages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 60th anniversary of Parliament came close to resurrecting old flashpoints, with MPs from north India raising the pitch on Hindi, a demand which was not countered but found a riposte in members from Tamil Nadu and Bengal speaking in their native tongues.No sooner had Speaker Meira Kumar concluded her remarks in chaste Hindi that Samajwadi Party's Shailendra Kumar complimented her for her choice of language. BJP veteran L K Advani too spoke in Hindi with a Sanskrit shloka thrown in to illustrate his point, in stark contrast to leader of the House Pranab Mukherjee's address in English.In Rajya Sabha, JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwari spewed venom at the use of English in parliamentary proceedings. \"It is a matter of shame that we continue to use English language for our work even after being ruled by the English for 250 years. 'Angrez chale gaye, par angreziyat se mukti hame nahi mil saki','' he said.While no one in either House took exception to the sentiment about Hindi, DMK's TKS Elangovan subtly conveyed that the first demand of DMK after getting into Lok Sabha in 1957 was that \"Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states\".He said then PM Jawaharlal Nehru gave an assurance that it would not be done and English would be the link language till non-Hindi states wanted. \"When the DMK member sought a legislation in this regard, Nehru firmly stated that an assurance given by the PM in this House was, in itself, a law,\" Elangovan said.The example was given to illustrate the supremacy of Parliament with even the spoken word being equal to law but it did appear a bid to flag the DMK's core issue and undercut the rising clamour for Hindi.VCK leader Thol Thirumaavalavan and Ganeshamoorthi of MDMK spoke in Tamil. The VCK leader demanded that Tamil, being an ancient and classical language, be declared a national language, along with 21 other languages. He also demanded that B R Ambedkar be declared the father of the Constitution.At the same time, two Bengal MPs -- RSP's Prasanta Majumdar and Forward Bloc's Nripendranath Roy -- spoke in Bengali, underlining the diversity in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13128383", "title": "Vasco's potholed roads being filled", "text": "VASCO: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has begun the work of filling up potholes in the port town at the cost of 50 lakh.Potholes on the road from Chicalim circle to IOC terminal are now being filled up. When TOI asked an official if the work will withstand heavy rains, he said, \"The work is done perfectly well so that Vascoites do not have to suffer during the rains.\" Besides this, a few internal roads in Baina and other places, which are also in a dilapidated condition, will also be repaired.Vasco MLA Carlos Almeida has succeeded in obtaining Rs 50 lakh from the centre for repairing roads.Almeida said that after the monsoons, in the months of November-December, all the Vasco roads will undergo a makeover. He said, \"usually this is done every five years but, for the last seven years, the work was not done.\" Three-layer tarring will be done, Almeida assured.Meanwhile, some labourers doing the road work have complained that they were not provided with gloves, shoes or masks required for the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13131896", "title": "Ambedkar cartoon row: Four accused sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: Four persons allegedly involved in the ransacking of the office of former NCERT advisor Suhas Palshikar in the wake of the row over B R Ambedkar's cartoon have been sent to two days police custody by a court here.The accused, suspected to be activists of the Republican Panthers Party of India, had damaged furniture in the office of Palshikar in Pune University, who resigned as NCERT advisor following row over cartoon of Ambedkar, on May 12.Subsequently, police detained - Rahul Khandare, Subhash Telgute, Balaji Tukaram Gaikwad and Sagar Vitthal Gaikwad.They have been booked for disrupting work and damaging public property.Public Prosecutor A K Pacharne said Khandare and Telgute are also accused in the controversial Indu Mill land row in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127699", "title": "Sushma Swaraj calls for more women in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Sunday reminded Parliament that the nation had come a long way in creating spaces for people from all strata of society but was still lagging behind in terms of greater representation of women in Parliament.Speaking to a full House in the last hour of the special sitting to celebrate 60 years of Parliament, Swaraj also made a point about creating greater democracy in the political system to resolve problems that have crept into the democracy of the day. She was greeted with thundering applause from members cutting across party lines including leader of the House Pranab Mukherjee and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi. \"The only cure for democracy is more democracy,\" she said.Swaraj paid tribute to Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar by saying that she was proud to see a woman heading the lower House of Parliament, and wished that statistically, the percentage of women representatives goes up from the present 11%.Tribute and praise were also showered on former prime minister Indira Gandhi and Congress president Sonia Gandhi for being contributing women members of Parliament.During her address, Swaraj said there was a time when newspapers would increase the number of pages by at least two when Parliament was in session, because India wanted to know what their elected representatives were doing in the House.\"That, sadly doesn't exist any more because of what happens in Parliament,\" she said, apparently referring to the frequency of disruptions and disagreements between both sides of the political divide, as also to the adjustments of coalition politics of the last 18 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13127156", "title": "Shuttler Sourabh Kerhalkar to train in Indonesia", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur has struck a special relationship with Indonesia this year. Talented city shuttler Sourabh Kerhalkar is all set to fly there for a three-week camp.It comes close on the heels of the Indonesian coach Edwin Iriawan conducting a three-day camp here and two of the city's most promising teenagers - Rasika Raje and Vaibhav Bisne - being selected by the Maharashtra Badminton Association for a month long camp.12-year-old district champion Sourabh joined the Nikhil Kanetkar Badminton Academy (NKBA) in Pune a month ago. The former Olympian is so impressed by Sourabh's talent that he has selected him for an advanced training camp in a reputed Indonesian academy.The NKBA has a tie-up with Li Ning, a sports goods company, which is sending 10 youngsters, including five from NKBA, to Indonesia. The camp will be held from June 1 to 23 at the Li Ning Bandabaru Badminton Academy, Batan Ireland on the coast of Singapore.After the camp, the contingent will shift to Singapore to watch live action on the last two days of the Li Ning Super Series Finals. \"The selected players have to foot only one-third of the cost,\" Kanetkar told TOI on Sunday.The NKBA director said the players will be accompanied by Chennai coach Rajesh. Each player will need to spend only Rs 40,000 and the balance Rs 1 lakh will be borne by Li Ning.\"All the players are in the age group of 12-13 years. Besides Sourabh, NKBA's Aniruddha Mayekar, Debashish Navdikar, Ritvik Bharadwaj and Ashish Niludla are also on the team. All have plenty of potential. A stint in Indonesia will surely help them,\" said Kanetkar.Sourabh's father Yashwant Kerhalkar is thrilled about the development. \"My decision to send Sourabh to NKBA has proved right. We are looking forward to his stint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13128289", "title": "Trio acquitted in attempt to murder case", "text": "PANAJI: The assistant sessions judge at Panaji has acquitted three accused charged for attempt to commit murder of Shaikh Imtiyaz with sword and hockey sticks at St Inez in 2006.According to the prosecution , on January 12, 2006, the accused Rosario Mascarenhas, Rohan Parab, Salvador Fernandes (subsequently died), Pralhad Naik wrongfully restrained the victim and caused him grievous injuries.However, during the trial Imtiyaz deposed and said that he does not know who assaulted him with the sword and that he had not seen the accused at the spot, at the time of assault. Imtiyaz said that the incident occurred near Sai jewelers when somebody came from behind and assaulted him with sword on his head and he, thereafter, fell unconscious.On the other hand , the public prosecutor pointed out that the victim's father had narrated the entire incident and the sword was recovered by the police while the injuries on victim were proved by medical evidence.The judge Vincent D'Silva held that the prosecution has not proved that the accused were the assailants and that they assaulted Shaikh Imtiyaz with hockey stick and sword . Merely because a weapon has been recovered at the instance of deceased accused, Salvador Fernandes, it cannot be said that said weapon was used by accused for causing injuries to him, the judge stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128407", "title": "In an antique land", "text": "Restoration is an art that requires immense skill, patience and a historical understanding of the object being treated. In the United States , the Oliver Brothers in New York , which started out in 1850, is considered to be the longest continuously operating fine-art restoration firm of its kind. Closer home, Goa has its own version of the Oliver Brothers in the Fernandes family, who live on the outskirts of Margao, Goa's commercial capital, and who, for the last four generations, stretching back to 1857, have been committed to breathing fresh life into antique church altars, statues and ancestral mansions.The Fernandes house at Arlem, which also acts as a studio and workshop, is where 66-year-old Agnelo Fernandes and his two sons Nixon , 29, and Glen, 25, both fine-art graduates, live. The family patriarch, who started the business, was Caetano Francsico Fernandes, popularly called Bico. Legend has it he had a hooked nose so people called him 'Bico', which means 'beak', and the name stuck. Today, even Agnelo is called Bico.The Fernandeses are currently working on the Chapel of the Weeping Cross, St. Monica Convent at Old Goa - a project supported by the Archaeological Survey of India and in collaboration with consultants from Portugal. Material like gold leaf and certain chemicals are imported from trusted suppliers in Portugal and some from Italy and India. \"We are working on the altar, the murals, the pulpit, the statues, the figurines and other antique items,\" says Glen. Outside Goa, the family has worked on St Andrew's Church in Mumbai , the St Francis Xavier Cathedral in Kanyakumari, Our Lady of Hope Church on Vipin Islands at Cochin, St Bethany's Convent in Mangalore, Fr Salvador Retreat Centre in Karwar, among others. Back home, name any church in Goa and it's sure to have the Fernandes touch. Glen lists some of their more famous projects: St Sebastian Chapel at Fontainhas in Panjim, Our Lady of Piety (Piedade) Chapel at Ilha de Divar, and the houses of Justice Eurico Da Silva in Margao and Maison Rodesa (of Roldao Souza) at Cansaulim. \"Agnelo's grandfather worked on the house in 1930, then his father in 1959 and now he and his sons are working on the house,\" says Marconi D'souza, proprietor of Maison Rodesa.The Cansaulim mansion is not the only continuity sheet for these restorers. In 2006, while working on the Church of Salvador do Mundo in Loutolim, Agnelo noticed by sheer accident that some of the canvas paintings he had been asked to restore had been signed by his grandfather 'Caetano Francisco Fernandes' in the year 1857. This was not the first time Agnelo and his boys had worked on Bico's work. \"All four generations have worked on the Our lady of Piety Chapel at Monte, Margao,\" says Agnelo. He and his sister Maria Francisca learnt the trade just by observing and assisting their father Lawrence Santan at work, most of which was commissioned by the Portuguese governor (the last Portuguese Governor General Manuel Antonio Vassallo e Silva). His father had the opportunity to attend a course in Portugal but Goa was liberated from Portuguese rule and Lawrence's plans were lost in transition. A similar opportunity knocked on Agnelo's door in the late '90s when the cultural institute Fundacao Oriente sponsored and encouraged Agnelo to train at the Instituto de Jose Figuerdo in Lisbon . When Agnelo returned, they had him work on the restoration of the Capella Da Nossa Senhora de Monte at Old Goa. Agnelo, working with a group of restoration architects, had to clean accumulated layers of paint from the altar and then guild it with pigments, using special instruments imported from Portugal.Architect Rajiv D'silva, also from Goa, has been a keen admirer of Agnelo's work and says he has learnt and mastered the art of the near-extinct skill of Sgraffito while working on a famous mansion, when he recreated the stencil used to paint the Azujelo. Sgraffito is a technique of applying layers of coloured plaster or ceramic onto a moistened surface, then scratching the surface, to produce an outline drawing or texture. Azulejo, which involves the painting of tin-glazed ceramic tiles, is an aspect of Portuguese culture produced in Goa without interruption for five centuries.\"I remember how Agnelo was once shocked to find an asymmetrical figure of Christ on the cross,\" recalls D'silva. \"He took it home with the permission of the priest and sawed off the short leg, added a length of wood, reshaped it, and returned the reworked crucifix. He also restored a wooden figure of Mary cradling the infant Jesus in her arms. It was found in the river close to the Penha de Franca Church at Britona.\"Agnelo, who worked in the Gulf in 1976 to support his family, returned after ten years and moved from his father's house in Borda to Arlem. He devoted himself to carrying on his father's trade. The only problems he faces are finding skilled labour and dealing with clients who are not satisfied with plain restoration but want a modern touch which goes against the principles of restoration. \"Neither I nor my sons were forced to join this line of work,\" says Agnelo. \"And I will work till I am physically able to. This is my passion and this is my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127036", "title": "New tariff order to mandate use of 2% green energy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alongside the revised domestic tariff for financial year 2012-13, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is all set to start the process for green energy . In the upcoming tariff order, the regulator is going to announce a 2% renewable energy obligation for Delhi discoms, a move which has already been delayed considerably and has many consumers worried about the costs involved.It means that discoms will be obliged to procure a mandatory 2% power through renewable energy sources like sun, wind, geo-thermal, municipal waste , among others. Out of this 2%, procuring 0.1% solar power is mandated and the rest can be from various sources. Already, many states in the country like Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan are harnessing a considerably quantum of renewable energy.Apart from views on domestic tariff, the regulator had also sought opinions and feedback from consumers on solar tariff as it is all set to become a reality. While some consumers expressed worry that the 2% RPO could become a costly proposition for them, the consensus in the hearing was in favour. \"Stakeholders more or less realized that renewable energy has to be promoted and is part of the national policy. The cost is also coming down and solar energy, for example, is becoming competitive and has gone down from Rs 18 per unit to about Rs 8-9 per unit,'' an official said.Discoms said that while they were all for renewable energy, procurement of 0.1% solar energy could be a problem depending on availability, and should be done in phases. They asked the regulator to urge the government to bring out a rooftop policy.The draft renewable energy proposal was brought out last year, with mounting pressure from several quarters to encourage more production of renewable energy. Delhi is one of the few states that do not have an RPO and sources said there was a lot of pressure on the government to announce the RPO for discoms from the new financial year.Gujarat, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu are some of the states that have RPOs in place. In USA, California has the largest RPO of 25%. REC trading started in India last year. While Tata Delhi Power has taken the lead in solar power generation in the city, BSES officials insisted they were not far behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131583", "title": "Welcome Viswaroopam on 29 June", "text": "Viswaroopam, directed and co-produced by Kamal Haasan and features himself in the lead role is all complete and is reportedly ready for release on 29 June.Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose , Andrea Jeremiah and Jaideep Ahlawat are playing prominent roles. Music is composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, with lyrics by Vairamuthu.The movie harps on a global theme. A major portion of the movie was shot in USA and adjoining areas. Kamal Haasan reportedly plays the role of an Afghan ultra in the movie. One of the costliest movies to be made in Tamil cinema, the post production for the flick is on under the direct suprevision of Kamal Haasan himself.The movie being made simultaneousl;y in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi is reportedly set for a mega release. With IPL over in May, expectations are high that the movie may open with a bumper beginning.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129030", "title": "Blossoms colour Mumbai in several hues of summer", "text": "Summer is giving the city a tough time but the red , yellow , purple and other blossoms dotting the streets seem to be celebrating the season .The flowering trees are abloom again , like every year , painting the city in several hues. Several species of tall ,flowering trees with delicate ,shor tlived flowers like Flame of the Forest , the Bonfire tree , the Indian Coraltree (or Pangara ) and Jacaranda dot the skyline . While the Gulmohar with its brigh torange flowers is a common sight , other rarer blossoms have not disappointed this summer .The flowering s e a s o n fo r many treesin t h e c i t y starts from March and continues till Mayend . Some of them continue to flower until the first showers as the combination of heat andhumidity creates an apt climate for the blossoms . Botanists and tree lovers said that many of the flowers blooming in the summer heat are rare species found atselectspots acrossthe city .Sumaira Abdulali , honorary secretary of the Bombay Natural History Society , said that the city becomes a riot of colours during summer and theentirecity lookscompletely different .\"When onethinks of India , one thinks of the accompanying psychedelic colours . The summer trees are proof of thecolourful placewe live in . While the Gulmohar , Peltoforum andL aburnum are among thecommon flowering treesin summer ,severalother beautiful trees also decorate the city ,\" she said .Near KC college or Juhu gymkhana , one can find the pink-purple blossom Taman , which is Maharashtra's state flower and is native to southern Asia . The Jacaranda , which blooms every March-April , is not very common in the city but can be found at Sagar Upvan ,Byculla Zoo and Parsi Colony in Dadar .Botanists say summer is alsotimefor many brightflowersliketheH amelia ,Hibiscus and Euphorbia . \"April is the time for new leaves and buds that blossom by the monthend . In May , the flowers are in full bloom ,\" said botanist Marselin Almeida . \"All these trees lend a cheerful and colourful touch to an otherwise sultry summer,\" he added .The yellow and redsilkcottons arethefavouritehauntfor variousbirdslikebulbuls and mynahs . Besides different roads , the best place to find these summer blooms is the Jijamata Udyan in Byculla whichboastsof morethan 250 species of trees , the Aarey Milk Colony and the Sanjay Gandhi National Park . Here , onecan spottheBurmesePink Cassia , or thelarge deciduous Bonfire tree , which is replete with coral red flowers . And in various parts of the city , one can wonder at the beautiful Barringtonia carpeting the street , or the rare Indiculus sporting its white flowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13131111", "title": "Khullar appointed new Trai chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commerce Secretary Rahul Khullar has been appointed as the new chairman of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) for a three-year term.Khullar, a 1975 batch IAS officer of Delhi cadre, will succeed J S Sarma, whose tenure ended today. The tenure of Khullar, who was due to retire in April next year, will be till May, 2015.\"I will be joining from tomorrow,\" Khullar told PTI. Khullar, 59, will head Trai at a time when the regulator is in the line of fire of telecom operators for its recommendations on spectrum auction in which it has proposed steep high base price for radio waves. The auction is to be undertaken before August 31 this year.The new Trai chief will have to deal with the telecom industry which is widely divided.While GSM operators, through their association COAI, have alleged the latest Trai recommendations are favourable to those operators which provide dual technology services, the latter have alleged that Trai has ignored various issues resulting in big benefit for the old GSM players.As Commerce Secretary, Khullar is credited with trade normalisation between India and Pakistan . He had been successful in implementing measures that helped exports cross USD 300-billion mark in 2011-12. He has also negotiated well India's stance at WTO and various other multilateral pacts.Former DIPP Secretary R P Singh , Defence Production Secretary Shekhar Agarwal, Fertiliser Secretary Ajay Bhattacharya, Former DoT Member (Technology) Chandra Prakash, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation Commissioner Subodh Kumar, former Secretary (Defence Finance) Indu Liberhan and Vijayalakshmi K Gupta were also in race for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13127788", "title": "Poles to give way to smooth ride", "text": "LUDHIANA: The power department has been assigned a deadline of June 1 by the district authorities to shift electricity poles and transformers obstructing traffic on city roads. It has been over eight months since the municipal corporation (MC) deposited Rs 50 lakh with the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) for shifting electricity poles and transformers, but, the commuters havent seen any relief yet.The MC had deposited Rs 50 lakh with the power department in November 2011 for moving the poles and transformers to facilitate widening and smooth traffic movement. The MC had, around a year ago, conducted a survey of such poles and transformers, but it couldnt get the work done by the power department.Executive engineer of MC electricity wing S P Singh said they discussed the issue with the deputy commissioner around 15 days ago. He has set a deadline asking power department to complete the work by June 1, said Singh.The power department officials said they have started removing the electricity poles and would definitely meet the deadline. The commuters, however, are the ones suffering due to this delay. By removing one or two poles the roads can be widened enough to ease the traffic flow. We have been waiting to get rid of this problem, but nothing has been done on ground so far, said Aman Sharma, a student from Civil City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13126909", "title": "Heat sting may pinch more", "text": "BHOPAL: Sultry weather conditions put city residents to inconvenience on Sunday. The dry hot weather is expected to get harsher as the effect of recently developed systems has subsided.The officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said barring the northeast parts of the state where a trough has been formed, similar weather conditions were expected to prevail in the state. Isolated places under Ujjain, Gwalior, Rewa, and Sagar divisions witnessed thundershowers on Saturday and Sunday. Khajuraho recorded a maximum of 43 degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum among the four main cities-Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 40.4 and 23.8 degrees Celsius.Weathermen recorded a maximum of 39.8 (-1) degrees against the minimum of 25.8 (+1) degrees. In Indore, the maximum temperature was recorded at 37.0 (-3) degrees and a minimum of 23.8 (00) degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 39.7 (-2) degrees and the minimum at 25.1 (-1) degrees. The maximum temperature in Jabalpur was 40.4 (-2) degrees and a minimum of 25.4 (00) degrees.Thundershowers at isolated places over Jabalpur, Rewa, Sagar and Shahdol divisions are likely on Monday, according to weatherman. The weather is expected to remain dry over the rest of the places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13133667", "title": "Paternity row: HC asks N D Tiwari to give consent in 2 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari was today asked by the Delhi high court to inform it within two days as to whether he wants to voluntarily give his blood sample for a DNA test in a paternity suit or police force be used for obtaining it.Justice Reva Khetrapal also told the counsel for 86-year- old Tiwari that his client will not leave India till he gives his blood sample for the requisite DNA test in the matter in the wake of orders of the Delhi high court and the Supreme Court.Tiwari, former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, was earlier directed by the high court and the apex court to furnish a blood sample for the DNA test.\"It is deemed expedient that the time of two days be granted to defendant no. 1 (Tiwari) to inform whether he voluntarily wants to give blood sample for the DNA test or the court will have to take recourse to police force. List the matter on May 16,\" Justice Khetrapal said.The court, meanwhile, also directed the Hyderabad-based Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD) to send \"requisite kits\" for the DNA test to the registrar of the court.The court rejected the plea of Tiwari's counsel that a week's time be granted to him for taking instruction in this regard from the Dehradun-based Congress leader.\"I cannot keep the matter pending as the issue has finally been decided by a division bench of this court and by the Supreme Court and nothing remains to be decided,\" the court said, adding, \"Either you make a statement that Tiwari will not leave the country or I will restrain him.\"The court's directions came on an application of 32-year-old Rohit Shekhar seeking to compel Tiwari to furnish his blood sample at the earliest to decide the four-year-old paternity suit.The court was hearing a fresh plea by Shekhar against Tiwari, a former governor of Andhra Pradesh, seeking that he be asked to give the blood sample to ascertain whether he was the biological father of the petitioner.The veteran leader had recently suffered set backs in the high court and the Supreme Court in his bid to avoid giving his blood sample.A two-judge bench of the high court had said that even police force could be used for compelling Tiwari to comply with the earlier order in the case as non-implementation of judicial orders would make courts a \"laughing stock\".Tiwari had moved the apex court against the order but he could not get the desired relief.\"Enough is enough. You (Tiwari) were not present on earlier occasions. Having regard to your age, we had told you to give sample in a sealed cover. We gave you protection under Article 21, but enough is enough,\" justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad had said.Shekhar, in his application, has said that the Congress leader be asked to bear the cost of the execution of the order and be restrained from leaving the country to avoid complying with the judicial order.Earlier, a single-judge bench had said that the order asking Tiwari to undergo the DNA test for ascertaining the paternity of Shekhar was \"un-implementable and unenforceable\" and, hence, he could not be forced to give his blood sample for this purpose.Setting aside the order, the division bench of the high court had said \"...police assistance and use of reasonable force for compliance thereof\" can be taken as judicial orders needed to be executed.Shekhar had in 2008 filed the paternity suit seeking to declare Tiwari as his biological father and a single judge and a division bench of the high court had asked Tiwari to go for the DNA test.The Supreme Court also did not stay the order and had opined that Tiwari should abide by the court orders as vital evidence may be lost for forever considering his old age.Tiwari, who had also held key ministerial portfolios at the Centre, was forced to resign as the Andhra Pradesh governor in 2009 amid allegations of sexual misconduct against him following the airing of a sting operation in news channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13128853", "title": "Autos a nuisance at LIC junction", "text": "NAGPUR: The LIC junction on the busy Kamptee Road needs to clear for the burgeoning traffic, but autorickshaw drivers cause a huge bottleneck in front of the LIC office.This junction sees heavy traffic flow as it connects Sadar, Gaddigodam, Railway Station road and South Nagpur. The traffic, in general, flows on both sides of Kamptee Road without much hindrance. But a close look at vehicles coming from Liberty Square and taking a left turn towards Gaddigodam square reveals that all is not well with the traffic flow here.Autorickshaw drivers invariably stop on the corner stretching from LIC office to Bharat Talkies, thus effectively bringing all heavy vehicles, including Starbuses and MSRTC buses, to a halt. A 'no parking' board stands mute witness to the rules being thrown to winds.Auto drivers are notorious for changing lanes in a flash, leading to accident-like situations, said a resident of Gaddigodam Anil Kayarkar. A driver also tried to prevent the TOI photographer from taking a picture.Parking of autorickshaws in front of the bus stop is the main reason for the chaos. This continues despite the presence of traffic cops. Not only motorists but even commuters waiting at the bus stop face a lot of inconvenience, said Cedric Francis of Mohan Nagar.Starbus drivers are forced to halt their vehicles far ahead of the bus stop, near Bharat Talkies. \"Or else we will be penalized for blocking the traffic,\" said a bus driver.\"This is the important stop for us to get customers going to Kamptee or north Nagpur. Since we are on good terms with the traffic police, we carry on with our business as usual,\" said an auto driver.Trying to sound matter-of-fact, a traffic constable on duty said, \"Haphazard parking of autorickshaws is a problem here, but it is difficult to control them.\"DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade admitted he had received many complaints against autowallas creating nuisance at this spot. He assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127086", "title": "Threat to official for demolitions in Delhi's Walled City area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three months after an MCD engineer pressing for stricter action against illegal construction in the Walled City was thrashed by unidentified men, the SDM of Daryaganj has complained of receiving threats asking him to desist from taking action against unauthorized construction in the area. Though a case has been registered, no arrests have been made so far, say cops.On April 24, a person called up the SDM's office threatening him with dire consequences and a fate \"worse than engineer Alam's\" if he didn't stop taking punitive measures against illegal construction in the Walled City. The call was made to the SDM's landline number, said sources in the central district police. \"We have made some progress in this case. However, we cannot reveal the details right now,\" said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav. The probe has revealed that the call was made from Kucha Chelan near Chandni Mahal, an area which witnessed a major house collapse last year. \"The call was made from a PCO booth. We are questioning those who frequent this place whether they can recall the caller,\" said a police official.Sources in the crime branch said their own investigations have found that several extortionists are active in the Walled City area. \"These men charge money for construction in their zone. All of them are under our radar and we are monitoring their movements,'' said an officer.Cops are yet to make arrests in connection with the beating of Ansar Alam.\"The probe hasn't made much headway. We have identified suspects but do not have enough evidence to arrest them. The engineer has approached us with inputs and we are hopeful a breakthrough will be achieved soon,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133753", "title": "TV stars want to make a splash in Bollywood", "text": "Most soapbox superstars have one common dream. They want to make a splash in B-Town in a leading role. It's an expected transition.After tasting success on small screen, they want to be the cynosure of attention and make millions of hearts beat to their tunes.Shah Rukh Khan and Vidya Balan are the best examples of how telly stars have found super stardom in Bollywood. It's another matter that Vidya was a relatively unknown face on TV, while SRK lived in times when TV stars didn't enjoy the iconic status they do now. So moving on to a bigger platform without any set image trapping was much easier for both. Rajeev Khandelwal , once hailed as the most promising face of prime time television trade a successful TV career for films, won himself rave reviews in his debut film, Aamir . Four years later he hasn't yet found a toehold in tinsel town, even as his last two films, bit the BO dust. His last ditch effort to revive his TV career in Sach Ka Samna 2 came a cropper when the show didn't generate enough TRPs and had to wrap up sooner than expected. Prachi Desai turned her back on TV (she left when she was at the peak of her success as a young bahu in Ekta Kapoor's Kasamh Se ) and had a couple of hits in Rock On ! and Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai. But she hasn't yet been accepted in the A-listers' league and continues to be on the fringe, pinning most of her current hopes on her forthcoming film, Bol Bachchan .In 2008, Suneel Darshan had signed up television's hottest stars for his film Bhanwre - Eijaz Khan, Manav Gohil, Sangeeta Ghosh and Sweta Salve. Touted as a sleek urban comedy targeted at a mature audience, it was much talked about. Economic slowdown of 2009, meant the film found no takers and all four stars woke up to the unpleasant reality of suddenly having no work! EvenManu , dabbled in theatre and eventually returned to telly soaps, as the lead in Sony's Shubh Vivah . Sweta did some reality shows, Sangeeta opted for matrimony and Manav has floated his own event management company. Hussain Kuajerwala had almost a similar fate when he quit TV to test waters in Bollywood. Sadly, his debut film got shelved and apart from anchoring Indian Idol for a couple seasons, and he ended up playing the lead in a musical, Kingdom of Dreams.Another significant TV superstar, Karan Singh Grover also moved on to Bollywood, giving up on his show, Dill Mill Gayye in 2009, breaking many hearts. His important role in the Vikram Bhatt film, Mr Romeo , came to nought when the film was shelved. In 2010 KSG ate humble pie and returned to TV and the same show. Five months later, his starry appeal failed to generate the required TRPs and the show wrapped up suddenly. In 2011 he had signed up another film, Lorrie , based on Wica Ipsita Roy Chakravorty's The Loving Doll , opposite Diana Hayden , and had finished a reality road show, Perfect Couple for Channel V. Ironically, Karan's film hasn't found buyers and might release only in late 2012. Now he's planning a return to TV, in Nissar Parvez's new show.Tellyland's imports to Bollyland in 2012 include Pulkit Samrat ( Bittoo Boss ), Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam ( Vicky Donor ), Sushant Singh Rajput and Amit Sadh ( Kai Po Che ), Barun Sobti ( Main Aur Mrs Right ) and Shilpa Anand ( Bloody Ishq ). Taking a leaf out of their predecessors' not so impressive trek to 35 mm, big screen aspirants and telly dreamboats Gurmeet Chaudhry and Karan Kundra who've wrapped up their Punjabi films are also doing television shows ( Punar Vivaah and Gumrah - End of Innocence ); ditto for hottie Barun who says he will \"continue juggling\" his TV soap ( Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ?) and \"films\" and adds that at this point he has no \"immediate\" intention of \"quitting TV\".While the bigger screen means fatter pay cheques, a longer career span and greater adulation, some TV stars are in no mood to take the final plunge, by giving up on a lucrative present career. At a time when TV has a much wider reach and viewership than before, it's a safe and smarter way to live life for television's hottest heartthrobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129325", "title": "Kanpur Nagar Nigam, officials carry out anti-encroachment drive", "text": "KANPUR: Acting tough against the shopkeepers and the locals who had encroached the road in Dhankuti and Badshahinaka localities, the Kanpur Nagar Nigam officials carried out an anti-encroachment drive on Sunday.Commencing the anti-encroachment drive from Dhankuti, the officials of Nagar Nigam demolished the houses and shops that were extending beyond the limits and occupying roads. Several temporary shops that had been causing traffic snarls were also razed. During the drive police force had been roped in to ensure that the drive is conducted successfully.Though the locals tried to resist the drive that was being carried out, the heavy arrangement of police personnel ensured that the drive went on smoothly. A local shopkeeper who had entered into scuffle with the police was thrashed and arrested. Women folks came out on roads to protest.Some of them even could not stop shedding their tears when the drive was carried and their houses were razed but the drive went on and ended only after completing its task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128838", "title": "Ernakulam South station to get latest security system", "text": "Kochi: The Railways has announced the revised commissioning date of integrated security system (ISS) at the three railway stations in Kerala. The head of Southern Railway (SR) security department, Kerala, will see the state-of-the-art security system getting functional in July, 2012.The ISS was announced to be implemented in the Southern Railway at a cost of Rs 3.6 crore and Thiruvananthapuram Central, Ernakulam Junction and Kozhikode railway station were selected in Kerala.The ministry had announced before the railway budget that ISS would be set up by March 2012, but it failed to become a reality in the state.Chief security commissioner of SR, V K Dhaka told TOI that works were moving ahead at a brisk pace and the system was expected to go operational by July.\"The security of passengers continues to be a major priority for the Railways and once completed, we will have the entire railway premises, at each of these stations, under surveillance,\" he said.The ISS stations will have both hand-held and wooden-framed metal detectors to frisk passengers and their luggage. Parcel offices will have metal detectors and RPF personnel will be equipped with vehicle scanners to detect presence of explosive materials. Bomb-suppressing blankets and bomb detection and disposal kits are also part of the package. Around 40 high definition surveillance cameras will be installed on the station premises that will help personnel sitting in the CCTV room monitor frontage, platforms, booking offices, food parlours and parking spaces.The ISS stations will have both hand-held and wooden-framed metal detectors to frisk passengers and their luggage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128893", "title": "Kerala with 7,968 candidates tops pre-medical entrance test", "text": "Kochi: A total of 7,968 students attended the All India Pre-Medical Entrance Examination in the state on Sunday. Kerala has the largest number of candidates among the 30,800 who cleared the preliminary examination to compete in the second phase. This is for the second consecutive year that the state is fielding the largest number of candidates.Tense parents were seen waiting outside the examination venues as their children sat for the test. \"We are very tense about how our kids will do in the exam. Hopefully, the paper will be good and they will be able to answer well,\" said Jacob Panicker, a parent.After the exam, most students heaved a sigh of relief as they felt that the paper was not very difficult. \"The paper was good and had easy and moderately difficult questions,\" said Sethu Lakshmi, a student from Thrissur. \"This year's exam seems to be easier compared to that of previous years. Many questions from previous question papers were repeated,\" said another student Anupriya C Jacob.But there was apparently a bit of confusion in the biology section of the paper. \"Two or three questions from the biology section had multiple answers, therefore we were a bit confused,\" said Adarsh S Pillai.\"But almost all the questions were from the syllabus that we followed. There was nothing general in the paper,\" he added.The exam was held at 12 centres in Ernakulam. Other test venues in the country were Delhi (7,082 students), Jaipur (4,699), Lucknow (4,380), Kolkata (1,585), Bhubaneswar (1,453), Ranchi (1,470), Bhopal (1,262), Chennai (480) and Mumbai (409).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13129323", "title": "Dharwad residents to protest against water board", "text": "Dharwad: The residents of Jannatnagar and other localities in Dharwad have decided to stage a protest in front of water board office on Monday to protest against the hefty water bill given by the authorities.The residents, mostly slum dwellers, have received notices from the water board asking them to pay the water tax which runs into thousands of rupees or face disconnection. More than 1500 households have received the bills for Rs 15,000-Rs 20,000 each.Pendar galli and Manakilla of Hosayellapur have been under the 24X7 scheme while Laxmisinganakeri, Jannatnagar, Tejaswi Nagar, Saraswatpur and other localities have normal water supply.The residents said earlier the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation used to send water bills and the amount used to be less than Rs 100 per month. Later, the responsibility of water distribution was handed over to the Karnataka Water Board in 2005. The water board did not send any bills to the residents of these areas from 2005 to 2009.Now it has asked the residents to pay the arrears and offered to waive the interest on arrears. Rasul Nadaf, convenor of Slum Janandolana organization , said the residents were unable to pay the arrears and said repeated pleas to the sauthorities had not helped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13133171", "title": "Chidambaram says 'I don't own any share in Aircel-Maxis'", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) continued to protest against P Chidambaram in Parliament over the Aircel-Maxis deal, the home minister on Monday clarified all the doubts over the issue, saying that neither he nor any members of his family have owned any share in any telecom company.\"I am grateful to the Opposition for raising questions on Aircel-Maxis deal. I would like clarify all the doubts that neither I nor any members of my family have owned any share in any telecom company at any time, indirectly or directly,\" Chidambaram said.In emotional appeal defending himself, Chidambaram said, \"Don't question my integrity,\" Chidambaram said he's open to a probe into the companies in question after BJP's Arun Jaitley questions his son's link. \"It would be much simpler if somebody took a dagger and plunged it into my heart than questioning my integrity,\" he said.He also denied that there had been any delays in granting permission for the sale of Aircel.To the BJP's charge over the delay, Chidambaram said the approval for the deal was given in normal course of time. \"The government took 49 days to clear the deal,\" he clarified. However, the opposition party said the Home Minister's explanation is unconvincing.The BJP had claimed that the deal was delayed to benefit Chidambaram's son Karti.BJP leader Arun Jaitley said that still there were doubts about the way in which the deal was cleared.Chidambaram had on Thursday read out a statement from his son Karti stating that no member of his family owns stake in either Aircel or Maxis.Chidambaram quoted Karti, as saying: \"I categorically state in this House that neither I, nor any member of family, had acquired or hold any shares of the telecom firm Maxis. The allegations against me are completely baseless.\"Karti Chidambaram further said in his statement: \"It was 'deeply regrettable ' that the privileged forum of Parliament is misused to make wild and reckless allegations against a private citizen.His remarks came after BJP leader Yashwant Sinha raised the issue of Aircel- Maxis deal, and alleged that Karti benefited from the deal when Chidambaram was finance minister.\"Prima facie what happened was a big scam and government should not hush it up,\" Sinha said, demanding a statement from Mukherjee, who is the Leader of the House, as also the finance minister.Earlier, Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy , who had sought an investigation against Chidambaram for his alleged role in the 2G scam , made fresh allegations of corruption against Chidambaram's son Karti.In a three-page letter dated April 24 to the Prime Minister, Swamy said that Chidambaram should be asked to resign as Home Minister and that the CBI should include him and his son, Karti, in its investigation on the Aircel-Maxis deal.(Inputs from ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore/bangalore", "code": "13128815", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa ups the ante, B S Yeddyurappa ready for polls", "text": "MANGALORE/BANGALORE: The internal power strife continued to roil the BJP's Karnataka unit for second straight day on Sunday with both B S Yeddyurappa and D V Sadananda Gowda camps raising the stakes and touching off a war of words.While Yeddyurappa launched a frontal attack on Sadananda Gowda, calling him \"a traitor\", the CM said he's ready for snap polls if the situation goes out of hand. In New Delhi, party president Nitin Gadkari reportedly assured Gowda late in the night that there will be no change in leadership.Party state unit president K S Eshwarappa made efforts - albeit without much success - to broker a deal with the former chief minister, now facing a CBI probe for his alleged role in illegal mining. After meeting Yeddyurappa at his Dollars' Colony residence for an hour, Eshwarappa said a solution is expected in a couple of days.Sources said Yeddyurappa was firm on his demand that party convenes its legislature party meeting immediately. Eshwarappa, who plunged into firefighting within hours of his arrival from a Nepal temple visit, held a meeting in the party office with the ministers who tendered their resignations on Saturday.Fearing that the Karnataka crisis could singe the party irredeemably, the central leadership summoned Yeddyurappa's confidante and energy minister Shobha Karandlaje to New Delhi. Gowda, who had been invited to the 60th anniversary celebrations of Parliament, left for New Delhi after arriving from Mangalore.Uncertainty ruled both Yeddyurappa and Sadananda Gowda camps through Sunday. Upset about the turbulence gripping the party, Gowda said in Mangalore: \"As of now, the situation hasn't reached the level where elections are an option. In the past, we've resolved crises worse than the present one.\" When individual pursuits become a primary obsession that cannot be resolved, it's better to seek a fresh mandate, he said.The CM admitted that severe turbulence was gripping the party, and people didn't expect this from the BJP .On his part, Yeddyurappa fired salvos from a private function in Bangalore, likening Gowda to a \"devil quoting the scriptures\". The trigger was Gowda's comment on Saturday that politicians of today believe that God will forgive their sins if they visit temples and offer huge sums of offerings.The former CM said Gowda was time and again humiliating party MPs and MLAs, making them angry. \"I will decide on their resignations at an appropriate time.\"Asked about the eight ministers and 10 MLAs who have handed their resignations to him, Yeddyurappa said, \"If Gowda (so) wants, all the ministers will submit their resignations to him.\"Yeddyurappa's residence continued to be a hive of activities. Senior minister S Suresh Kumar, too, visited the renegade's house for negotiations. Earlier, Eshwarappa met rural development and panchayat minister Jagadish Shettar, seen as belonging to the Yeddyurappa camp, and held deliberations. Suresh Kumar and party organization leaders Santosh and Sateesh accompanied him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13126880", "title": "Gurgaon's Epicentre all set to host cultural events this summer", "text": "GURGAON: The Epicentre, which was established in 2008, has become the ultimate cultural hub of the city. It offers a perfect artistic get-away for people who earlier had no other choice but go to Delhi for such events. This summer, Epicentre will be hosting numerous workshops irrespective of age and gender.Workshops on theatre, poetry, dance, art, science, carpentry and history will be held this season. A grooming and finishing school workshop for women will also be conducted by Nayanika Chatterjee and Tina Chatwal. During winters, the cultural centre had organised walks to Sultanpur Bird Sanctuary and Aravali Biodiversity Park.\"Epicentre filled the void of not having a place like India Habitat Centre in Gurgaon and added value to the city,\" said Ritu Verma, organiser of the on-going 'The Indian Great Bazaar'. The organisers prefer Epicentre for its central location and its helpful staff.Located at The Apparel House in Sector 44 opposite Gold Souk , Epicentre boasts of an air conditioned 40000 square feet exhibition-conference venue which is the largest hall in Gurgaon and can house up to 2500 people. It also has a sound partitioned multipurpose art gallery, a multi-cuisine award winning restaurant, an amphitheatre, Lynx- a banquet and party space, conference rooms and a covered surface parking place for %500 cars.Epicentre recently introduced 'Caferati', an open mike series where one can present their own work, whether a poem, song, story, diatribes in any language for two minutes. Besides Wednesday Nights Live at the multi-cuisine restaurant-Drift, the centre also holds film screenings, right now Canadian movies, followed by an interaction. The centre is also planning to introduce \"Cultural Membership\" to cater to its regular visitors.\"As a market, Gurgaon lacked a cultural centre, so we took the opportunity of establishing Epicentre,\" said Nitin Mathur, General Manager, Epicentre.\"Despite the presence of five star hotels and the Kingdom of Dreams, Epicentre has its own value and place in the hearts of the people. We believe in diversity and have %never repeated any performance except on popular demand. We have a monthly brainstorming session for new performances where the base (dance or music) remains the same, but the treatment given to the show is totally %different,\" added Mathur. The centre witnesses average %footfall of 500 to 700 people everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128088", "title": "NCERT park out of bounds for kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union sports minister Ajay Maken may be batting for children's rights with the proposal that schools open their playgrounds to neighbourhood kids after school hours, but it seems the apex body on school education is indifferent to children's concerns.A park in the NCERT headquarters on Sri Aurobindo Marg has been closed for the past six months, say residents, forcing children who used to frequent it to play on the streets instead.Residents say they have repeatedly brought this to the notice of the authority, but nothing has been done so far to address the issue. \"Schools will soon close for summer break and the children don't have any open space to play in. Everyone knows how important physical activities are for a child's growth and development. Ironically, NCERT is a government body for school education, but in their own campus kids are being denied a place to play,\" said a resident who did not wish to be identified. \"They have no choice but to play on the road, which is so unsafe,\" she said.While officials say that the park has been closed for beautification work, residents claim no work has been done in the past six months. An official said, \"The park has no pathways and even the grass needs to be planted. By next month, the park will be open for the children. At present, a water pipeline is also being laid.\"While the park stays closed for beautification, the kids have no place to play but on the roads. \"We tried getting into the park by jumping over the boundary wall, but the guard there always turns us out. We have no choice but to play cricket on the road, but that is not safe. And with so many cars parked on either side of the road, there is not much space on the road either,\" said Maya Anand (10). \"We have to be really careful we don't damage the cars parked there,\" she said.Not just children but even the elderly in the area have been affected by the closure of the park. \"There are benches only in this park and when we go out for morning walks, we have no place to rest,\" said C.Lingia, a resident.The campus has another park with swings, but only kids below 10 years of age are allowed to play inside. \"Thanks to TV and gadgets, already it is hard to get children to participate in physical activities. Now during the summer vacation, my kid cannot play cricket and is forced to spend time indoors. For no reason the playground has been locked as no 'beautification' work is being carried out,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13126728", "title": "Horse race causes highway mayhem", "text": "Mumbai: The Eastern Express Highway on Saturday night turned into a scene of unbound hysteria, presenting a ruthless and callous side of the city, with more than 50 motorcyclists racing along side at least 20 horse-carriages at a frenzied speed.Such illegal horse-cart races are apparently not rare on the Eastern Express Highway at night, but no one- be it the citizens or the law-enforcing authorities-ostensibly bothers to stop the \"madness\" that puts the horses through excruciating torture.Saturday's race would have also gone ahead unabated, had animal lover Anu Sethi not been crossing the Ghatkopar-Mulund stretch at that time. As she and her husband drove by the highway, she was \"aghast to see the pandemonium\". \"A little after midnight, we saw a large group of bikers shouting excitedly and clearing the way for the running horses. Some boys were also carrying whips,\" said Sethi, who called up fellow activists to bring the illegal race to a stop.Initially, Sethi and her husband tried to stop the carriages, but some of the men on the road reportedly started hurling abuses at them. Even as she tried to click pictures on her mobile, the racers reportedly stopped her. Undeterred, Sethi called up a few animal activists, determined to end the \"midnight madness\". Activist and high court lawyer, Ambika Hiranandani, who was among the ones who received her SOS, called up the police control room around 12.30am. \"The illegal horse racing on Saturday reminded me of a similar race that took place on the same highway in June 2007. In that incident, two horses were very critically injured as they dashed against a taxi,\" said Ambika.The control room officials initially asked Ambika to contact the traffic police, who were in charge of the highway. But when she insisted that the police should take some action right away, she was given the number of an assistant police inspector. \"The API ordered the local police to rush to the spot. Only on seeing policemen arriving on the highway did the participants abandon the race and disappear. Fortunately, none of the animals were injured this time,\" Ambika told TOI. Sethi, who stood up against the hooligans goading the horses at breakneck speed on the highway, has also urged the Mumbai police as well as the traffic cops to take appropriate actions to ensure that such illegal activities, which translated into tormenting mute animals, were stopped.The incident referred to by Ambika took place on the night of June 17, 2007, when two horses, called Jai and Veeru, were forced by their handlers to take a part in a similar illegal race on the same highway; that night, the two animals were severely injured after they collided with a taxi, but were left bleeding on the road. A few activists took the injured horses to the BSPCA hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13128408", "title": "Four killed in different accidents in south Tamil Nadu", "text": "DINDIGUL: Two tourists to Kodaikanal from Maduranthakam in Kancheepuram district were killed when the car in which they were travelling, rammed into the railing of a bridge near Batlagundu in the wee hours of Sunday. Two others were injured in the accident and have been admitted in a private hospital.In another accident, two mill workers were killed when the motorcycle they were travelling collided with a jeep at Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district.Police identified the victims as Shankar of Acharapakkam and Kuppusamy (60) of Sothupakkam. Police said that Shankar and Kuppusamy along with their friends Mohanraj, from Thottiam near Trichy and Ragupathy of Acharapakkam - were on their way to Kodaikanal to spend the weekend. Shankar was driving the car. When the vehicle reached Ottupatti near Batlagundu around 2am Shankar had reportedly fallen asleep and the car rammed into the railing of a bridge across Nallampillai river.Shankar died on the spot. Police personnel rescued Kuppusamy, Ragupathy and Mohanraj from the mangled remains of the car. The three had sustained severe injuries and were rushed to a private hospital in Dindigul and admitted in the intensive care unit. However, Kuppusamy failed to respond to treatment and died, police said.Earlier around 11pm, Murugan alias Velusamy (29) of Reddipatti near Rajapayalam in Virudhunagar district and his relative Balamurugan (30) from nearby Kammapatti were on their way to a spinning mill at Sangampatti in a motorcycle. When the motorcycle had reached Sangampatti, a jeep coming in the opposite direction rammed into the motorcycle. Velusamy as well as Balamurugan were thrown away from the motorcycle in the impact and sustained severe injuries. The two were rushed to the government hospital at Rajapalayam but succumbed to the injuries.Driver of the jeep Sivakumar (46) of Malayadipatti near Rajapalayam was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13127952", "title": "Dugri residents show way", "text": "DUGRI: The next time anyone staying in or around Dugri spots garbage strewn around the streets, rides down a bumpy road or finds non-functioning streetlights, they can approach the Dugri Community Organization and register a complaint. A group of 180 residents have joined hands to form the organization as a redressal forum that will address issues related to the lack of civic amenities and mount pressure on the concerned authorities.Dr Ajay Shahi, a dentist and president of the organization, said they plan to open an office in Dugri Phase-I and also circulate helpline numbers where residents can register their grouse. We plan to hear and discuss the problems twice a week at the office. The initiative has been taken to increase database and have a forum for suffering residents to at least be heard, said Dr Ajay. He added that they will try to seek solutions for issues like the pathetic road condition, sanitation, malfunctioning streetlights etc before the municipal councillors elections.Residents of Dugri and its adjoining localities including posh places like Urban Estate phase-I, phase-II, phase-III, Urban Vihar, Janta Enclave, Basant Avenue, Flower Enclave, Basant Vihar and Guru Gian Vihar have long been crying foul over the pathetic condition of the area. Though the area had a welfare association, it was not active, leaving residents to fend for themselves.Businessman P S Bawa, a resident of Dugri, said, Because the Dugri community organization has been formed, we will at least know whom to approach with our complaints. Earlier, there was no pressure on authorities or officials for solving our problems but now members of this forum will help us. He added that there is no harm in giving these members a chance to try and solve the issues residents are facing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127437", "title": "Bumper crop of poppy poses problems for police", "text": "JAIPUR: Poppy husk's bumper production in several areas of Udaipur is turning out to be a major law and order problem for the police. It is not only adding to the growing nexus between smugglers of Rajasthan and those from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and Gujarat, but has also put lives of several policemen in jeopardy in the recent past.The smugglers who are supplying poppy husk in Jaipur, Jodhpur and Bikaner regions are acting fearlessly and firing at the chasing cops at will. Several incidents of smugglers firing at the police have been reported in Udaipur, Bhilwara and Jodhpur over the past one month.Udaipur's Malwa area is emerging as a major supplier of poppy husk in the state, sources said. \"This season the crops have had bumper production. At some villages including Ratlam, Neemach and Mandore, poppy husk is being produced illegally,\" said a senior police officer.He added the smugglers are mostly from Jodhpur, Jalore, Balotara and Sirohi. \"The poppy husk is loaded in trucks and smuggled to Haryana, Gujarat, Gurgaon and Delhi,\" said the officer.Smugglers who were transporting about 27 quintals of poppy husk in onion sacks tried to run over a police team in Jaipur on May 6, when a team of Chaksu police was trying to stop the truck. A constable named Dilip had a narrow escape. However, two of the smugglers were arrested. During interrogation, it came up that poppy husk was being supplied to Punjab.Similarly, poppy husk smugglers fired at police team in Bhilwara on Saturday, in which a constable was injured in the Devgarh police station area. Similarly, in Arnod also, smugglers fired at a policeman. He sustained bullet injuries. In Jaswantgarh, smugglers fired in air to scare away the chasing police team.Punjab, that has good irrigation facilities, is a major producer of rice and wheat. It attracts jobless labourers from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. Due to high demand for labour, the substance is given to the working community through food items or mixed with tea to make them work for longer hours. It gets them addicted and being a depressant, the poppy husk decreases hunger, too.Experts said that Union government issues licences every year for poppy cultivation in Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan, where the buy-back rate ranges from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,200 per kg. The price depends on quality of the produce. However, in the black market, the same crop is sold at Rs 10,000 per kg. In 2011, union government gave poppy cultivation licences to 54,000 farmers from MP, UP and Rajasthan and it was grown upon 16,500 hectares in total.The Union government controls production of poppy seeds. Out of the total requirement in the country, only 20% is produced locally, while the rest is imported from Turkey .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13126904", "title": "Manchester City snatch Premier League title with last-gasp goal", "text": "Forty-four years of underachievement - during which time the Red half of Manchester became the byword for footballing success in England - ended in the crazy theatre that played out at Etihad Stadium in faraway, but still throbbingly close, Manchester on Sunday.In Pics: Man City win EPL titleAs Sergio Aguero, Maradona's earnest son-in-law, scored the last-gasp winner against Queen's Park Rangers, years and years of hurt and daily ridicule were put to rest. It was a heart-stopper of a game, a giant rollercoaster that the players and millions of fans rode on, exulting, despairing and - in the end - screaming their hearts out.Needing to beat QPR to edge out Manchester United on goal difference, City faced the prospect of being heartbreakingly denied right at the end. QPR - down to 10 men and battling to avoid relegation - led 2-1 as regulation time ended and the game went into the last five minutes of stoppage time.United had already downed Sunderland 1-0. Their legendary manager, Alex Ferguson, had spoken in the last few days of the possibility of Manchester City imploding. That had seemed like gamesmanship, an attempt to mess with the minds of the City team. But suddenly, it began to seem worrying probable.Then, Edin Dzeko headed the Blues level in the 92nd minute before Sergio Aguero collected Mario Balotelli's return pass and drove home arguably the most important goal in the club's history, with barely a minute to go.Never had a Premiership title been decided on goal difference. Back in 1989, Michael Thomas' injury time goal for Arsenal against Liverpool was the closest it had ever got. The EPL wasn't even an idea back then. On Sunday, Aguero reprised Thomas' goal - in such sweet fashion.The last time Manchester City won English football's top prize - in 1968 - 'Hey Jude' had raced to the top of the British charts. As United raced to unimaginable heights in the period, the Beatles' number was relegated to a terrace chant in the Blue half. On Sunday, as Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher led the singing, the song had an unforgettable lilt to it. It had been a long time coming.But what a game! That is the magic of football - it holds you, sucks you in and then lets you free in a release that few sports can equal. When French philosopher Jean Paul Sartre airily observed that \"In football everything is complicated by the presence of the other team,\" he was probably talking about City's predicament against Queen's Park Rangers on Sunday.At the break, when City bounded out of the turf, spring in their step and purpose in their eyes, after wresting the lead back in the Premiership race, you couldn't help wondering what held more dear. Was it the first title in 44 years, their's to be in a matter of three quarters of an hour and some injury time, or did QPR's maddening desperation to stay on in the elite possess more ardent appeal?Pablo Zabaleta, the doughty Argentine, had neutralised Wayne Rooney's lead at Sunderland, but it was news of Bolton's lead against Stoke away, that made battling QPR so much more dangerous. Somehow, the battle against relegation is so much more tantalising than a hunt for a title that's eluded a club for nearly half a century.In the end, both ends were achieved - Alex Ferguson's noisy neighbours earned the right to be all the more noisier now, while QPR, earned their much-deserved exempt from the drop after Stoke finally came back to hold Bolton.QPR were down to ten men after Joey Barton had suffered a bout of John Terry-titis and the easy-paced, unhurried Mario Ballotelli making his entry, the feeling still didn't go away that you wouldn't want to be a Manchester Blue when the sun rose on Monday. It was the best day to be neutral - even if those with a kink for sadism would have secretly wished to be around when the Mancunians of different hues ran into each other on way to work.Barton's sending off, though, made the QPR so much more determined. And in their fightback, they exposed the frailty of England's Euro midfield via running past Lescott and Barry clean.Someone had rightly remarked that had Carlos Tevez and Roberto Mancini kissed and made up earlier, things wouldn't have gotten so heart-stopping close. Thank god, for football - and good theatre's sake - their reunion happened just when it did.Five moments that won City the titleOctober 23: (Manchester United 1 Manchester City 6): In the meeting of the two early-season title rivals City ran riot to inflict United their heaviest home defeat since February 1955.March 21: (Manchester City 2 Chelsea 1): Carlos Tevez had not played for City since his spectacular falling-out with Roberto Mancini during the Champions League but the South American striker rose from the bench to help inspire a stirring City fightback after Chelsea had taken the lead through Gary Cahill.April 30: (Manchester City 1 Manchester United 0): City had been presented with the opportunity to haul themselves back into the title race after United's shock 4-4 draw with Everton a week earlier. An attritional battle was settled on the stroke of half-time when captain Vincent Kompany rose high to nod home a Silva corner.May 6: (Newcastle United 0 Manchester City 2): Despite being frustrated for long periods, City held their nerve to claim a clinical victory with two goals from midfielder Yaya Toure taking them to within 90 minutes of the title.May 13: (Manchester City 3 QPR 2): With just four minutes of second-half stoppage time remaining, City came back from the dead as Edin Dzeko and Sergio Aguero came to life in the added-on time to help Mancini's side create history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128728", "title": "1,333 doctors migrated abroad last year", "text": "NEW DELHI: While India faces an acute shortage of trained medical manpower, as many as 1,333 doctors migrated to foreign shores over the last one year.During the same period, the previous year - from April 1, 2010 to March 31, 2011 - 1,157 doctors had migrated in search of employment, and between 2009 and 2010, 1,458 doctors went abroad.This latest revelation by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday comes just days after he had said that doctors going to the US for higher medical studies will now have to sign a bond with the ministry before leaving and honour the document by returning home after finishing the study period.\"Now, if a student does not come back from the US, he won't be allowed to practice there,\" Azad had said.The US has insisted on a government No objection Certificate (NoC) from this academic session from every student enrolling with an American institute.Azad said, \"These are all doctors who asked the Medical Council of India (MCI) to issue them Good Standing Certificates (GSC) - a mandatory requirement for doctors going to work in hospitals abroad. GSCs give us a rough estimate of the doctors migrating to other countries. However, it does not reflect the absolute number. No centralized data is maintained for doctors and nurses migrating to other countries.\"Azad said over 3,000 doctors went abroad for studies and did not return in the last three years.He added on Monday, \"Those who apply to go to the US for studies from 2012 will have to give us a bond saying they would come back after finishing the studies. If they don't fulfill the bond obligation, we can write to the US to deny the student permission to practice.\"The minister's proposal, however, has found resistance from former members of the governing body of MCI.\"The bond can't work till the government can guarantee the students a good job worth their skills, once they return to India,\" said a former member of the MCI's governing body.Almost 70% of health workers in India are presently employed in the private sector.Almost 18% of primary health centres in the public sector are without a doctor, 38% are without a laboratory technician and 16% are without a pharmacist. Immigration is a big threat to India.Indian doctors emigrating to the West constitute the largest number of foreign trained physicians in the USA (4\u00b79%) and the UK (10.9%), the second largest in Australia (4%) and third largest in Canada (2.1%).About 100,000 Indian doctors work in the US and the UK ministry officials say at the time of Independence, India had 19 medical schools, from which 1,200 doctors graduated every year.Now, India has 270 medical schools, from which 28,158 doctors graduate annually.The southwestern states of Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu (which together account for 31% of the country's population) account for 58% of all medical colleges (public and private) in India.According to the ministry, doctors going abroad to work doesn't augur well for the country. The nation has just one doctor for every 1,700 people. In comparison, the doctor-population ratio globally is 1.5:1,000.Somalia has one doctor for 10,000 population. China's doctor population ratio stands at 1:1063, Korea (1:951), Brazil (1:844), Singapore (1:714), Japan (1:606), Thailand (1:500), the UK (1:469), the US (1:350) and Germany 1:296.MCI intends to reduce the gap to one doctor for 1,000 population by 2031.According to the Planning Commission, India is short of six lakh doctors, 10 lakh nurses and two lakh dental surgeons. It estimates that Indian doctors who have migrated to developed countries form nearly 5% of their medical workforce. Almost 60,000 Indian physicians are estimated to be working in countries like the US, the UK, Canada and Australia alone.A recent paper in the Lancet had said India had eight healthcare workers, 3.8 allopathic doctors and 2.4 nurses per 10,000 population. When compared to other countries, this is about half the WHO benchmark of 25.4 workers per 10,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13126664", "title": "IPL 5: Team Rajasthan stays in hunt after win over Pune", "text": "JAIPUR: It was another bad day in office for Sourav Ganguly, who was back again as the Pune skipper in the match against Rajasthan on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch HighlightsChasing a target of 171, Pune's batting collapsed again, managing only 125/9. The contest was as good as over in the 10th over, when Pune were tottering at 60 for five, courtesy a hat-trick by Ajit Chandila, the first in this edition of the IPL.Pune were at the receiving end from the very beginning on a pitch which had no demons. Steven Smith, who led the side in the earlier match, top-scored with 37.Off-spinner Chandila, a little-known name even in the domestic circuit, was the pick of the bowlers for Rajasthan, snapping up 4/13. Shane Watson and Botha got two each.Earlier, faced with the daunting task of winning all their remaining matches in order to have any chance of making the playoffs, Rajasthan left no stone unturned. After winning the toss, they decided to bat and Dravid and Rahane began cautiously.Rajasthan made two changes to their lineup. Wicketkeeper Dishant Yagnik sat out with an injured finger and was replaced by Shreevats Goswami. Chandila came in for seamer Pankaj Singh. Pune left out Michael Clarke, bringing in Callum Ferguson.Pune had an early breakthrough when Rajasthan skipper Rahul Dravid offered a simple catch to Robin Uthappa off Ashish Nehra for 21 in the third over.Then Shane Watson joined Rahane. The two built a memorable partnership. The Sunday crowd, supporting the home team to the hilt, rejoiced as the duo tore into the fragile Pune bowling.Rahane's stay at the crease ended in the final over, when he was bowled by Angelo Mathews for 61, the highest for his side. His innings included seven fours. Watson, on the other end, launched a savage assault. He turned the game on its head with lusty hits, scoring 58 off 31 balls, with six fours and four sixes.Nehra blasts batsmenSenior Pune bowler Ashish Nehra took a dig at the leading batsmen of his team after the loss. An acerbic Nehra said that the team's batting failure was the main reason behind Pune's disastrous IPL outing. \"Not only they failed as batsmen, they also failed to motivate others. Our top four batsmen failed to fire, making things difficult for the tailenders,\" Nehra said.Asked about skipper Sourav Ganguly, Nehra said it's up to the team management to comment on the issue. \"My job is to bowl and perform. And I have no idea why Ganguly was dropped from the last match,\" he said, adding: \"I can realise how our losing streak makes the fans angry and despondent. It happens in cricket. But we lost nine matches, and that's something really unheard of in T20 cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126479", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation prepares Rs 497-crore Pavana river development plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has prepared a Rs 497-crore Pavana river development plan which will be carried out in two phases. The civic body has submitted the feasibility report for the project to the National River Conservation Directorate.Cleaning the riverbed of silt, debris and garbage; constructing cycle tracks and roads; developing an entertainment centre and preventing flow of sewage into the river are some of the activities that are a part of the plan. Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said the civic body has prepared a report estimating an expenditure of Rs 497 crore for developing the riverbed, preventing encroachments, providing roads for increasing connectivity and providing entertainment facilities for people visiting the riverbed.Sanjay Kulkarni, executive engineer, environment cell, said, \"The civic body has prepared the plan to develop the 20-km-long stretch of Pavana river from Mamurdi to Dapodi that lies within the municipal limits.\" He said that untreated sewage that flows into the river is polluting the Pavana and will be dealt with as part of the plan. \"The civic body has constructed sewage treatment plants to treat the sewage within its jurisdiction, but there are no treatment plants in the areas of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation, due to which the untreated sewage flows through the nullahs.\"Kulkarni said, \"The PCMC plans to block the nullahs about a metre before they join the river and carry the sewage through pipelines to the nearest treatment plant. Wherever this is not possible, we will use mobile treatment plants to treat the sewage.\"The civic body proposes to create cycle tracks and pathways along both sides close to the river. The plan will depend on the width of the riverbed which varies between 80 and 100 metre, depending on the slope of the area along the river.\"We also propose to create two to four-lane roads on both sides of the river at a higher level depending upon the availability of land,\" he added. The PCMC also proposes to landscape the remaining area as it lies in the green zone.\"There are bunds on the Pavana river at five places - Ravet, Thergaon, Chinchwadgaon, Kasarwadi (Pimpri) and Sangvi - due to which the water level in the river is not uniform and water transport cannot be started in the river,\" Kulkarni said.Due to the stagnation of the river water at the bund at Pimpri Military Dairy Farm, there have been complaints from residents of Pimpale Saudagar, Kasarwadi and nearby areas about the mosquito menace.Kulkarni said, \"The civic body will conduct a survey of the five bunds within the municipal limits and determine whether they are really needed. We will demolish them if they are found to be of no use. Large scale silting has occurred in the river due to the bunds as no desilting was conducted for at least 20 to 30 years. The civic body proposes to install gates at the bunds to regulate the flow of water as well as control silting. This will also reduce the mosquito menace.\"He said that desilting of the river will be done and a gabian wall will be built along the river to train the flow of the river. Meanwhile, the civic body proposes to create entertainment facilities in the second phase to generate revenue which can be used for recurring expenditure on operation and maintenance of the areas developed in the riverbed.\"Cable car ropeway, children's play park and 'Nana-Nani' park will be created. We also plan to build an underwater aquarium near one of the bunds. A monkey bridge will come up on the river to provide a long scenic view of the vicinity,\" Kulkarni added.The civic body also intends to develop the Moraya Gosavi temple in Chinchwadgaon and Jhulelal temple in Pimpri located along the Pavana river as heritage structures. However, Vikas Patil, president, Pavana Sudhar Manch and Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti, said, \"The civic body should first remove debris dumped in the riverbed. There should not be any man-made structures in the riverbed like roads. The natural surroundings of the river should be protected. The civic body must take care that no untreated sewage enters the river so that the river remains clean. Bare minimum concrete should be used to beautify the river.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131336", "title": "Kochadaiyaan Movie in Hong Kong", "text": "With major portions of the film been shot in the locales of London and Kerala, now the Kochadaiyaan team has shifted with their team for the next schedule in Hong Kong.Superstar Rajinikanth along with his daughter Soundarya Ashwin has flew from Bangalore to Hong Kong in the early hours by yesterday.Sources confirm that the team has landed there safe and sound. Also rapid arrangements are being made to shoot the third schedule there with the film's technicians.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126782", "title": "Toon row: 'Two suspects had breached security at CM's office last year'", "text": "PUNE: Two of the youths involved in the attack on the office of former NCERT adviser Suhas Palshikar here had allegedly breached the high-security zone at the CM's office in Mumbai last year, said assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharane on Sunday.Rahul B Khandare and Subhash W Telgute had breached the security in Mumbai over a piece of land for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's memorial, Pacharane told a court. The two were arrested on Saturday while they were fleeing after ransacking Palshikar's office at the Pune university. They were protesting against the Dalit icon's cartoon in textbooks. Meanwhile, two more suspects were arrested in the Pune case on Sunday.Meanwhile, the Chatushrungi police on Sunday arrested Balaji Gaikwad (28) of Manjari Budruk and Sagar Gaikwad (23) of Kinai in Haveli for assisting Khandare and Telgute during Saturday's attack.Pacharane told the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court that Khandare and Telgute had been arrested by the Mumbai police on December 7 for breaching the high security zone at the CM's office over a delay in handing over land for of Dr Ambedkar's memorial.Pacharane told the court that the police need to find out if more people were involved in Saturday's attack, besides investigating who provoked the suspects.The court remanded the suspects to police custody till May 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13130087", "title": "Nandana Sen ends 9-year relationship!", "text": "With the actress having bought herself a home in New York where she plans to shift, neither of the couple thought a long-distance relationship was feasibleIt was just last year that producer Madhu Mantena proposed marriage to his girlfriend, actress Nandana Sen . However, Mirror has learnt the couple has ended their relationship of nine years, which comes as a rude shock to their friends, who are still hoping for some sort of miracle to bring them back together.Apparently, the reason for the breakup is Madhu's insistence on marriage and rather than accept his proposal, Nandana has bought herself a home in New York where she plans to shift. To the both of them, a long-distance relationship is out of question, and so they have decided to part ways.A distressed Nandana did not deny the split, saying, \"Madhu and I were planning to move to New York together, but given the pace and zest with which his work in Mumbai is growing, it doesn't make sense for him to move away. We love each other deeply, we always have, and we always will. But neither of us believes in the long-term feasibility of an inter-continental relationship.\"It was an excruciatingly difficult decision for the couple. Said Nandana, \"It's been the hardest and most painful decision that either of us has ever taken but there's never been a shred of negativity between us about it. We understand and support each other absolutely, and each of us insists on protecting the other's interests, like we always do. That's why our relationship has worked so well for years. The bond that Madhu and I share is unlike any other we have ever encountered in our lives. So, even in making this joint but heartbreaking decision, as in everything we have gone through together, we have been taking care of each other every step of the way. And I know we always will. \"Said Madhu Mantena, \"Nandana is and will always remain my dearest friend. Yes, we're no longer a couple. But she knows that I'm always a phonecall away. If she needs me in New York, I'll fly down immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127322", "title": "Jail inmates take meditation lessons", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Art of Living conducted \"Meditate India\", a nationwide meditation campaign on Sunday at Model Jail and Snehalaya. Chandigarh chapter of Art of Living celebrated its founder, H H Sri Sri Ravishankar's birthday by organizing many events across the city.More than 500 inmates along with staff of Model Jail, Chandigarh, experienced the profound effects of deep meditation. The teachers of art of living, Dr Naveen Kataria and Manisha Gupta conducting the guided meditation, explained the overall healing effects of meditation on the body, mind and spirit to the prisoners. The AIG-cum-supritendent (prisons), Balbir Singh Dhol said the organization was working well towards achieving its founder's vision of creating \"a stress-free mind and violence-free society\" throughout the world. The prisoners, who shared their experiences afterwards, said they felt happier, more energized and relaxed.Also a special meditation for 250 children of Snehalaya was organized. The meditation camp was held for children aged between 7 to 18. Free meditation camps were also conducted at various Art of Living centres, residential localities, corporate houses, schools and colleges all over the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131096", "title": "Doing similar kind of films is boring, says Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Emraan Hashmi is riding the tide high with back to back success. He is one actor who has defined his own rules and have created a distinct place in the industry.With offers from all the major production houses pouring in, Emraan seems to be making a cut into the mainstream. And it's this new found position, considering Jannat 2 has got a good review, that has allowed Emraan to take a plunge into doing something different in his upcoming film.His next film alongside Abhay Deol , Shanghai, is a much awaited film where Emraan would be seen a different avatar. So does he feel he is now ready to go out and do different kind of cinema? Emraan says, \"Everyone's in a position to do different kind of cinema, but they choose not to. I am excited about the new look and the film as it is going to create a new image for me.\" He adds, \"The audience is very smart these days and they know what a good film is, and if you make a good film, people will watch it. Shanghai is something different and I am sure people will accept me in the new look and the role. It is boring to do the same kind of films revolving around women and sex.\"Well, we sure think it is a good idea to try something new, after all little variety never hurts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13129195", "title": "Problems pile up for KSEB project", "text": "Kozhikode: The tardy implementation of Centre-sponsored scheme for rural electrification is likely to burden the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB).The KSEB officials have expressed fears that if the work is not completed on time, the Centre is likely to convert the grant into loan.Ninety per cent of the Rs 115-crore Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana ( RGGVY) project is given by the Centre and the rest is a loan from Rural Electrification Corporation of the state government.The scheme was supposed to benefit Kasaragod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Palakkad.Contracts for works in Kozhikode and Wayanad were given in November 2010, Kannur in September 2010, Kasaragod in August 2010, Malappuram in March 2011 and Palakkad in January 2011.State government has received around 30% of the project outlay. Even though the contracts expired, no steps were taken to renew the contract. Now funds are being released to agencies on the basis of an expired contract and this can cause problems during audit.The agencies that received contract have been finding it difficult to execute this project due to difficulty in getting skilled workers. After reviewing the project, Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal has extended the timeframe of the project to May 31.The KSEB officials have expressed fears that if the rural electrification project in the six districts is not completed on time, the Centre is likely to convert the grant into loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128793", "title": "Navbharat Times cracks 1st talking ad innovation in language press", "text": "In a first of its kind innovation in language press, NBT carried a talking advertisement on occasion of Mother's Day in its Delhi and NCR editions.Clinic Plus, shampoo brand owned by Hindustan Unilever Limited, partnered with Navbharat Times on this, with the media agency Mindshare working on the idea. TOI readers will remember the first talking ad innovation done in September 2010. This concept was unique as not only was it a talking ad, it also sought to make the newspaper a musical greeting card for moms. A special 4-page supplement was created that would serve as the greeting card with a musical chip playing out the Mother's Day greeting. Sunday's NBT was inserted inside the same.Srinandan Sundaram, GMHair Care, HUL said: \"The objective was to create brand salience for the Clinic Plus brand which has been positioned as a shampoo for mothers and daughters. The insight was to use the occasion to express the unspoken love that exists between the two\". He felt that NBT was a natural choice with its huge reach coupled with the fact that most if the consumers were Hindi speakers.Amin Lakhani, principal partner Mindshare elaborated: \"Mindshare Fulcrum finds innovative ways to connect with consumers especially in leveraging the print medium to the fullest. We seek to engage the consumer through 360 degree initiatives. with Times we have done Fragrance newspaper for Bru Coffee in TOI, Kisanpur in Bombay Times and now the talking musical greeting card for NBT Delhi and the NCR editions.\"The exercise for 6 lakh copies was a logistical challenge with planning starting almost two months in advance. Arunabh Das Sharma, president BCCL said, \"We are very happy to partner our leading language brand with the leading hair care brand to create a path-breaking innovation. Such advertising that appeals not just to the cognitive but also the emotional senses works wonderfully.\" Sundaram too felt that it was a natural partnership between two like-minded brands and to create this innovation the element of risk for both brands were huge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13127037", "title": "Parents create ruckus at city school", "text": "BHOPAL: A section of the parents created commotion during the national talent search examination conducted at Kamla Nehru Girls Higher Secondary School here on Sunday. The school authorities swung into action and pacified the agitating parents.There was a half hour break between 10 and 10.30 am during the two shifts of the examination. When some students were not allowed to leave the school premises, their parents created ruckus questioning it.Principal of the school Amrit S Kaur said, \"Some parents were discontented as the children were not allowed to leave the premises as per instructed in the NCERT booklet. Probably the parents were unaware of the rules and that is why they wanted the students to come out and eat something during the break time. Since the gates were locked some parents raised a hue and cry.\" \"Once they were apprised of the rules, they calmed down,\" added Kaur.More than 300 students from across the state took part in the national talent search of NCERT on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127935", "title": "Govt plans to intensify routine immunisation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The routine immunisation campaign is all set to get its due attention. State unit of National Rural Health Mission has fixed annual targets for routine immunisation. Mission Director, NRHM, Mukesh Meshram said, \"We have fixed targets for all health indicators of which routine immunisation is an important one. By the end of 2013 we hope to raise routine immunisation coverage to 50% and take it to 90% by the 2017, when the second phase of NRHM ends.\"Focus on routine immunisation is essential to save children from six life-threatening but vaccine preventable diseases. Scientific evidence show that effective routine immunisation coverage can play a key role in checking infant and child mortality rates as well. In UP, routine immunisation coverage is in a bad shape. As per the third National Family Health Survey, about 22% children in the state are fully immunised. After extensive campaign in the last couple of years, the coverage was pushed to 29%. A survey released in the beginning of 2012 revealed that the RI had increased to 40%.Considering poor coverage of routine immunisation, ministry of health and family welfare has declared year 2012-13 as year of intensification of routine immunisation. Officials said that various steps have been taken under routine immunisation programme to increase coverage and these include need-based central funding and commodity assistance to states, support for logistics such as Alternate Vaccine Delivery (AVD), capacity building of service providers at all levels, strengthening reporting and management of Adverse Event Following Immunisation (AEFI), Strengthen supportive supervision at all levels, involvement of ASHA for social mobilisation of children, carrying out immunisation weeks in North-eastern states, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan, Gujarat and Jharkhand. Other steps include intensified IEC/behaviour change communication, increasing community participation and strengthening follow-up of children through mother and child tracking system among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127582", "title": "Metro rail to bring shopping hubs closer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting to popular shopping hubs like South Extension, Lajpat Nagar, Sarojini Nagar or INA is soon going to be a breeze. Delhi Metro phase III, which will have over 103km being added to the existing network, will also see these shopping destinations being easily connected, thanks to stations coming up nearby.\"Four major markets of the city - Sarojini Nagar, INA, South Extension and Lajpat Nagar - will have dedicated metro stations connecting them when the phase III becomes operational by the end of 2016,\" said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson. While the existing INA and Lajpat Nagar metro stations will be converted into interchange stations to further boost the connectivity of these markets, new stations will be built at Sarojini Nagar and South Extension.\"This will also provide a boost to the market of south Delhi as DMRC's plan of constructing metro stations at Sarojini Nagar, INA, South Extension and Lajpat Nagar with inter-station distances ranging from less than a kilometre to approximately one-and-a-half kilometre will provide impetus to improving business in the area,\" added the DMRC official.This chain of four consecutive metro stations will come up on the arterial Ring Road of the capital catering to the four prominent markets of south Delhi. Interestingly, all the four stations are to come up on the Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar line, a new corridor that is being built parallel to the Ring Road.According to the detailed project report (DPR), about 2 lakh more passengers will use these stations primarily to reach these markets of the city, which specialize in selling clothes, shoes, among other things. According to its projections, Delhi Metro expects around 1.3 lakh people to use the INA metro station. Lajpat Nagar will have 54,454 commuters, South Extension will have 8,317 while Sarojini Nagar will get 15,000.The Delhi Metro official said, \"After the construction of new line from Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar, shoppers will be able to reach these markets directly from far-flung areas of east as well as north Delhi.\"The metro stations will provide an alternative to the current parking woes at the shopping destinations. The Sarojini Nagar and South Extension markets at present have no metro connectivity. \"Though these locations are well connected by buses, parking continues to be a major constraint for shoppers. Moreover, the markets cannot be reached in late evening because of lack of public transport such as autos,\" the Delhi Metro spokesperson said.Once the Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar line is operational though, these markets will be directly accessible from areas such as Mayur Vihar, Trilokpuri, Ashram, Sriniwaspuri, Azadpur, Shalimar Bagh, Netaji Subhash Place, Punjabi Bagh, among other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13129537", "title": "Bagalkot youth's robot is likely to 'join' Army", "text": "Mangalore: If everything goes well, a radio frequency (RF) remote-controlled robot developed by a young engineer from Bagalkot will soon become a part of the Indian Army. Naveen Raghavendra Shirur, an alumnus of Basaveshwara Engineering College, has already met the Army's deputy chief (information systems and training) Lt Gen Ramesh Halagali and explained about various features of his smallest (RF) remote-controlled surveillance robot. The robot can survey the movements of enemies.He claims that the robot, which is 6.1cm in length, 5.1cm in height and 5.4cm in width, cannot be easily noticed by enemies.\"The cameras fixed in the robot will send audio and video signals to the servers. We can operate it from remote places. One major feature of the robot is that it can also function as an explosive if enemies trace it. The robot will explode when enemies lift it from the ground,\" he said.Naveen said that during his meeting with Let Gen Ramesh, the officer told him that it was a first of its kind robot he had seen in his entire career. \"He appreciated my efforts and also assured me that the matter will be discussed with the scientists of Indian Army Robotic Research Centre,\" he added.Naveen has won Limca Book of Records and Indian Book of Records for his robot. He is now in the process of applying for a patent for the prototype robot. He had earlier developed a robot with rotating gun assembly as part of his project in 2009. The solar -powered robot was capable of firing bullets in angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13129037", "title": "Truckers threaten to pull their vehicles off the road", "text": "BANGALORE: With just 18 days left for the deadline to fit all categories of vehicles with governors, 2.75 lakh trucks and 8 lakh other vehicles , including cabs and private buses, may go on strike from June 1 if the rule is not withdrawn by then.While governors became mandatory for new vehicles from November 1, 2011, old commercial vehicles are expected to get equipped with the same when they obtain fitness certificates after June 1, 2012. Threatening to pull their vehicles off the road, the Federation of Karnataka Lorry Owners and Agents Association has urged the state government to withdraw the mandatory governor rule as the new equipment will only cause inordinate delivery delays.\"If reaching Hubli from Bangalore now takes eight hours, it will take about 16 hours to cover the same distance if speed governors are fitted. This will affect delivery of goods. The impact of a massive breakin transportation of cooking gas cylinders is there for all to see,\" said GR Shanmugappa, president, All India Motor Transport Congress.He pointed out that the state had mandated fitting of speed governors for vehicles entering Karnataka from neighbouring states. \"If it is not a must in states excepting Kerala, why should vehicles from outside fit speed governors only to enter this state ? This is simply ridiculous ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128267", "title": "Air India ground handling move to hit revenue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Air India will now have to share 50% of the revenue earned from Thiruvananthapuram after the company decided to transfer ground handling activities at the Trivandrum International Airport to its joint-venture company Air India- Singapore Airport Terminal Services (AI-Sats). Air India earns around Rs 45 crore a year from airport operations.Air India(AI) and Air India Express(AIE) together operates around 3,400 flights a year and these flights are handled by employees of Air India and AIATSL- a wholly-owned AI subsidiary - at no additional cost. If AI-Sats takes over ground handling in Trivandrum airport, AI will have to pay the company a sum of Rs 8.5 crore per annum as handling charges for its own aircrafts.\"As per the joint venture agreement, each partner is required to make a 50:50 investment in the company. AI's assets will be valued and Sats will pump in an equivalent amount as investment ,\" said AI-Sats, human resources and administration head Valerian Ferreira when asked about the revenue sharing model of the joint-venture.Sources in Air India told TOI that the airline is trying to implement the ground handling agreement with AI-Sats with effect from April 1 for Trivandrum International Airport and some airlines have been informed of the change. \"Till date, no ramp handling has been done by AI-Sats. The joint-venture company has only engaged in loading, unloading and manning the counters. But with this agreement, revenue earned till date for ground handling activities from AIATSL and AI will be gifted to AI-Sats. AI stands to lose more money because as per the new AI-Sats agreement with foreign airlines, handling charges will have to be settled in rupees instead of dollars,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13127083", "title": "Illegal parking lots spring up in many areas", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid lack of proper parking facilities in Bhopal, illegal parking lots are flourishing in various parts of the city. Unauthorized people are forcing commuters to pay for parking in various illegal parking lots in MP Nagar and Bittan Market areas of Bhopal. The MP Nagar police registered a case against two parking assistants a few days ago for illegally charging commuters for parking in front of Surendra Place. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has not marked it as parking space.\"MP Nagar police has filed a case of forgery against two parking assistants Hemraj and Imran, who allegedly carried out illegal parking here,\" said Virendra Tiwari, PRO of the BMC.The authorized parking spaces in MP Nagar include parking in front of Hakeem's hotel, Bapu ki Kutiya, Axis Bank and Batra Hospital. However, unauthorized parking is also carried out in front of Vishal Megamart.Incidents of parking assistants over charging the commuters are also reported in front of Vishal Mega Mart. Despite this being brought into the notice of the local corporator a few months ago, the BMC has not taken any action against the contractor here.Illegal parking lots are flourishing in Bitten market. The officially marked parking area in Bittan Market include Habibganj police station to Ravi Shankar Nagar. The other parking lots include the stretch from CPA office to NCC building.However, parking is also carried out in a lane from Top-n-Town to CCD. Interestingly, this patch is marked for parking. \"We will file a complaint with the police and try to curb the problem of illegal parking in the city,\" the PRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "13127905", "title": "Baljinder's maiden national event medal", "text": "GND STADIUM: The excitement of winning his maiden medal at a national event is evident on Baljinder Singhs face these days. A trainee at the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Ludhiana centre, Baljinder won a silver medal in long jump at Junior Federation Cup, held in Pune recently. He had scaled 7.22m in his jump to clinch the silver.Baljinder says he has participated in many national events prior to this, but this was his first national medal. I tried a lot to jump for the gold , but missed it by a few centimetres. It was a great experience to interact with best athletes from other states, says Baljinder.The 19-year-old athlete hails from Tarn Taran and had moved to Ludhiana in 2011 for better prospects in his chosen sport, he says. I have wanted to be an international athlete and bring laurels to my nation since I was a kid, he smiles.Irving Saladino, an athlete from Panama , is Baljinders favourite. Watching athletics competitions on TV is another way of learning for me. My ultimate desire is to represent the nation at Olympics, he adds.Currently training under coach S S Pannu, Baljinder spends 4-5 hours on tracks every day.My focus now is on the junior national athletic competition, which would be held soon, because if I perform well in this meet, I could make it to SAAF games, he says.Baljinders coach Pannu says the athlete has potential to exhibit better results with his hard work.Spanning LengthsA trainee at the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Ludhiana centre, Baljinder won a silver medal in long jump at Junior Federation Cup, held in Pune recently. He had scaled 7.22m in his jump to clinch the silver. He has participated in many national events prior to this, but this was his first national medal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "yadagirigutta", "code": "13127265", "title": "Yadagirigutta temple set for massive make-over", "text": "YADAGIRIGUTTA: The most visited temple in Telangana, the Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy shrine at Yadagirigutta, is being given the much-needed facelift on the lines of Lord Balaji temple in Tirumala to provide better accommodation and other facilities for pilgrims. The renovation is being undertaken at a cost of Rs 5 crore at the 500-year-old hilltop temple in Nalgonda district, which will also have a hi-tech security apparatus in place soon.With pilgrim queue lines getting longer and the temple premises choking for space, the temple authorities have unveiled plans to construct a new mandapam, Nrusimha complex, as part of the proposal to expand the southern area to the main mandapam, which has been hanging fire since four decades. New queue lines with seating arrangements for the pilgrims, as seen in Tirumala, will come up soon.Lifts for the elderly and physically challenged would be erected, while separate prasadam counters are also in the pipeline. \"Works are going on for construction of new waiting rooms for the pilgrims. We hope to complete the works in six months,\" C Prem Kumar, deputy commissioner, endowments, told TOI. Nearly 15,000-20,000 pilgrims visit the temple every day and on Sundays, festivals and other auspicious days the number swells up to one lakh.Presently, there is a ghat road for the temple, which is also known as 'Telangana Tirupati.' The roads and buildings department began work for a second ghat road for the temple at a cost of Rs 30 crore. Sources said with increasing patronage from the pilgrims, the temple board has also decided to strengthen the security network in and around the shrine, which has an annual income of Rs 40 crore. A temple official said that security systems would be improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128133", "title": "Railways spoils summer holiday plans", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites are finding it difficult to get confirmed train tickets these days. Tickets are either not available or there is no room for passengers intending to go to places like Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Pune, Goa and Puri.With summer holidays likely to begin in schools and colleges, many parents have planned a trip outside the state. However, non-availability of confirmed tickets is throwing a spanner in their plan. Tickets under the 'tatkal' scheme are also not available for any important place, some of them complained.Since 'tatkal' tickets are available at railway counters from 8am to 9am a day ahead of journey, it is difficult for passengers to stand in queues for hours to book tickets. Online tatkal ticket booking is not available from 8am to 9am, a passenger said. \"Wait list tickets are available, but there is no certainty about getting them confirmed. Unless the railways attaches more extra bogies to trains especially for Pune, Goa, Delhi and Puri, chances of getting confirmed berths are remote this summer,\" he added.A homemaker, Veena Sinha, said she had planned a visit to a hill station this summer with her family, but confirmed tickets are not available till mid-June. \"I tried my best to get confirmed tickets under the 'tatkal' scheme, but in vain. I cannot afford flights. Touts, who were active at the Patna Junction, have disappeared now due to regular raids conducted by the railways. I have rather decided to visit some tourist spots in the state,\" she said.Similarly, Rajiv and Rakesh, too, had planned to go to Goa during the summer holiday. But non-availability of confirmed tickets in any train to Goa or Delhi has dampened their spirit.According to Danapur PRO R K Singh, rush of passengers is too heavy during this time of the year. The railways is attaching extra coaches to a few trains on the basis of requirements. It is also quite concerned about providing more amenities to passengers on railway platforms as well as on running trains, he said and added that the divisional railway manager, Danapur, L M Jha has issued directives to keep every booking counter, including passenger reservation system, open during peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13127673", "title": "Speeding car kills 7-year-old boy, dad", "text": "NEW DELHI: A seven-year-old boy and his father were killed as a speeding Alto hit five members of a family at Anand Vihar in east Delhi on Sunday morning. The three others - the boy's mother and two of his sisters - have been hospitalized, police said. The Alto driver has been arrested.Ajay Sathi (7) died on the spot while his father Rishipal Sathi (30) died at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital in the evening. The injured have been identified as Saloni (6), Chhoti (4) and their mother Priyamvati, police said.The incident took place around 8am outside the entrance gate of the inter-state bus terminal in Anand Vihar soon after the family reached Delhi from Peelibheet village in Uttar Pradesh. They got off the bus and were crossing the road to look for a transport to go to their relative's house in Ghaziabad when, witnesses told police, the Alto coming from the Ghazipur side rammed them.The victims fell on the road and began to bleed profusely. As police and passersby caught hold of the driver, identified as Narendra Kumar - a resident of Harsh Vihar, the injured were taken to Lal Bahadur Shashtri Hospital where Ajay was declared brought dead. The boy died of excessive bleeding and head injuries, hospital sources said.The others were referred to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital where the boy's father died in the evening. The others are under observation, police said.The relatives of the victims have been informed and the bodies will be handed over to them after post-mortem, said a senior police officer.The Alto driver has been booked for causing death due to negligence and rash and negligent driving under Sections 304A and 279 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127611", "title": "To moms on Mothers Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Late Dr G C Mishra Memorial Educational and Charitable Trust celebrated Mothers Day by honouring mothers, who have played a major role in shaping the lives if their children. Actor Kirron Kher was the chief guest.Rayman Puri, mother of Prerna Puri, IT Secretary, Chandigarh and Sadhna Garg, mother of Tanvi Garg, SDM (East) and director (IT) were honoured on the occasion. Others who were felicitated included Prakash Kaur, Sunita Arora, Dr Praveen Kwatra, Damyanti Gaind, Usha Sardana and Sharda Verma.The trust was formed by Mayank Mishra in the memory of his late father Dr G C Mishra, a former Panjab University professor.Kirron Kher and Avinash Rai Khanna also released a book titled \"Ek Sangharsh Aisa Bhi Prerak Kathayen at Manav Mangal Smart School, Mohali, in the presence of Justice Suryakant of the Panjab and Haryana High Court and Varun Roojam, Mohali deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127724", "title": "House owners affected by Metro work stage dharna", "text": "JAIPUR: The affected house owners of the Ved Vatika colony whose land is acquired for the Jaipur Metro rail project on Sunday staged a dharna demanding appropriate compensation and rehabilitation.According to the residents, around 17 houses and 10 shops are acquired by the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) for the project. The house owners demanded compensation as per the market rate and made a strong point to be rehabilitated near their houses.\"The state government is paying compensation according to the district lease committee (DLC) rates, which is very less. The affected house owners should be provided with compensation as per the current market rates. We will not give up possession of our houses unless the state government makes proper arrangements,\" said Yuvraj Singh , an affected house owner.The house owners also claimed that the JMRC is paying compensation of the constructed houses according to the Public Works Department (PWD) BSR rates. The house owners claimed that at present, PWD BSR rates are very less and they will not be able to construct their houses again with the compensation provided. A delegation of the house owners will meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot at his residence on Monday on the issue.The residents of Ved Vatika also alleged that JMRC officials are forcing the owners to shift without making proper arrangements. \"The officials have threatened us to shift in rented houses soon, otherwise, they will not corporate with us in providing compensation,\" Singh alleged.\"In other cities like Bangalore and Hyderabad, the respective state governments provided dislocation allowance. We are not demanding it, we have identified four land for rehabilitation near our colony and proposed it to the officials. However, they have considered none. The state government is not providing us suitable land to rehabilitate and not considering our proposal also,\" the residents said.The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) is unable to provide the acquired land for the Ved Vatika colony as the land owner where these houses will be rehabilitated has approached the court. The delay in taking possession of the land is a cause of worry for the DMRC officials as no Metro work could be initiated so far. According to an DMRC official, the work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations is also yet to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13127060", "title": "E-commerce up; state ranks 13th in eBay survey", "text": "BHOPAL: Music buffs in Madhya Pradesh serenaded their loved ones buying the most acoustic guitars in India. Shocked? This is what the 2011 eBay census of Indian states reveals, where Madhya Pradesh is ranked 13 overall.The survey reveals that while most number of stylish cheque book holders was bought online in 2010, acoustic guitars took the lions share in 2011. The survey placed Indore, Bhopal , Gwalior, Jabalpur and Ujjain among the top e-commerce hubs of the state.e-commerce in the state has caught the fancy of those looking to save time, money and energy, young and not-so-young alike.It is common for youngsters to order their favourite best sellers, electronic gadgets and apparels on online stores these days because of great combo offers and cracking deals that there websites offer.Shikha Rana, a college student is a book worm, swearing by the Grishams and the Archers. \"I prefer buying books online these days from portals like flipkart.com as they provide unmatchable deals. Also the option of pre-release orders with special discounts ensures that I have the latest books at my doorstep at a much lesser price each time.\" \"Also the replacement guarantee is something the stores would not provide,\" she added.According to a store manager of a popular bookstore, \"everyone is going online. With evolving tastes, people are looking for greater variety and also want to browse unhurriedly.\"Apparel section also has huge popularity among the yuppie crowd. \"Online stores like inkfruit, myntra and bagittoday.com have a vast collection of tees with good offers for store credit. It also saves time as the stores generally are crowded on weekends, which is a huge irritant,\" says Deepika Khanna, a design student. Also among the most ordered items are electronic gadgets like cell phones, pen drives, headphones etc.\"Online stores have the option of comparing features of up to five items at the same time on different parameters. Also the portals provide greater product line and depth at heavily discounted prices. The cash on delivery and easy EMI (equal monthly instalments) are added incentives,\" opines Harsh Khorana, an engineering student.Not just items of convenience, but luxury items are also finding their niche online.Recently speaking at a workshop on diamond certification, Gaurav Sethi, CEO, diamondguru.in said, \"There was a time when gold jewellery, diamonds and other precious stones were bought only from the trusted family jewellers. But now the trend is changing as people prefer buying jewellery online. In India it is at a nascent stage but poised for huge growth. And it is seen in the recent times that jewellery is the largest selling product online. People are buying the diamond jewellery on internet.\"\"It is mostly branded jewellery, gems-studded jewellery, jewellery for fashion and light weight designs that fuel the demand for jewellery throughout the year,\" Sethi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13127948", "title": "CM's Janta Darshan to be held after assembly session", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's bi-weekly Janta Darshan will now be suspended and will be held after the legislative assembly session concludes. A decision to this effect was announced by a state government spokesperson on Sunday. Since taking over as the chief minister of UP, Akhilesh has held two Janta Darshan sessions.To make up for Akhilesh's mass meetings, held on the first and third Wednesday of each month, however, state government officials, including all district magistrates, senior police officials and police superintendents will redress public grievances everyday, between 10.00 am and 12.00 noon, at their respective offices.Emphasising that the state government is committed to resolve people's problems, the spokesperson also said all government officials must take up the grievance redressal at all levels on a war footing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13129241", "title": "Delhi University to decentralise admissions under sports category this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi University (DU) is all set to decentralise admissions under the sports category this year, with increased monitoring. Last year, trials under the category were chaotic due to unclear guidelines and distorted weighting criteria.In order to review the problem, the 16-member high-powered committee formed in November last year to review the admission process for 2012, in one of its recommendations, has suggested decentralised admissions, which means that colleges will now conduct their individual trials.The committee has also tasked the Delhi University Sports Council (DUSC), with formulating the policy for admissions in sports category this year.Though colleges will be conducting trials on their own, the university will set up a centralised committee to supervise sports admissions in colleges.According to Dinesh Singh, vicechancellor, Delhi University, \"Since there was a lot of confusion in the sports trials held for the last two years, this year, colleges will conduct their own trials but will be monitored by university representatives.\"According to C S Dubey, chairman, DUSC, the sports admissions criteria will be based on three factors - fitness, certificates and trials.\"Three different committees of between six and seven members each, have been constituted for formulating guidelines for each of the above criteria. The three committees will combine their views and submit a single report to the vice-chancellor for his approval of the sports admission policy,\" he says.The committee has suggested giving equal weighting of marks to both trials and certificates, as opposed to last year when 75% weight was given to certificates, while trials made for the remaining 25%.By the third week of May, the policy making process is expected to be completed, adds Dubey.Beenu Gupta, associate professor, physical education, Kirori Mal College, says, \"A number of committees are being formed for finalising the guidelines to sports admissions. Last year, the marking strategy did not work out well. Things are being rectified now. It is important that talented students get a chance to perform well and must be promoted further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13127934", "title": "Tardy six-laning work has residents fuming", "text": "LUDHIANA: For two years, Ashwani Kumar, who runs a medical business in Basti Jodhewal, has been waiting for completion of the six-laning of the two-and-a-half kilometre road between Samrala Chowk and Jalandhar bypass along National Highway-1. The ongoing work has been troubling him as there are constant traffic jams on the road outside his shop and dust envelopes everything in the store.I have been waiting for the construction company to finish their work but they have failed. There is too much of traffic in the area and everything looks dirty. I was planning to renovate my store and paint it but I decided against it since my money will only get wasted, said Ashwani.Owner of a spare parts business near Samrala Chowk, Gurmeet Singh said for the last two years the work is going on between Transport Nagar Chowk and Jalandhar bypass but there is little sign of any improvement. Apart from causing a lot of inconvenience to residents and businessmen in the area, the delayed work has led to many accidents too. The road construction agencys lackadaisical attitude can be gauged from the fact that they were to complete construction at Samrala Chowk within six months but have now sought six more months for the construction, he said.Reacting to the complaints of residents, deputy commissioner, Ludhiana, Rahul Tiwari, said, I have heard that National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has imposed a penalty on the contractor Soma infrastructure private limited for delaying the work. Recently there was a writ petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court wherein the court ordered the road construction company to complete the work till March 31, 2013. The court has also ordered Punjab to remove encroachments and shift wires so that they dont come in the way of the six laning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13127772", "title": "Parliament diary", "text": "A reporter among parliamentariansTrinamool Congress MP in Rajya Sabha, Derek O' Brien, turned out to be a 'reporter' for his 'followers' by live tweeting parliamentary proceedings while other members were speaking. Though it was difficult for the press gallery to see what he was writing on his iPad, the contents became clear when his 'followers' took note and also asked questions. \"Rishang Keishing, the 92-year-old Rajya Sabha MP, setting a wonderful example. He's been listening to every speech since 11 am. Bravo\".Questioning the chair's courageA genuinely funny moment in the Upper House came when P J Kurien, who was in chair, tried to stop JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwari whose speech had gone well beyond its time limit. A breathless Tiwari was speaking about how intolerance was fast gaining ground and hit out at Kurien that \"you did not stop Mayawati... yehan sahas (courage) ki kami hai.\"More Muslim representation neededMIM MP Asaduddin Owaissi dredged up statistics to argue how Muslims have lagged in being represented in Parliament, saying that just 471 had been elected to Lok Sabha since 1952. If the proportion of Muslims in the population were to be kept in mind, the number should have exceeded 900. \"There is a 48% shortfall,\" he said.A new kind of infrastructureBJP leader Jaswant Singh admitted that he was a last-minute entrant to the debate and this seemed to show when he provided a new definition of \"infrastructure\". While everyone lamented that India's infrastructure needs to grow, he said there was a need to look at \"moral infrastructure\". This, he explained, was a \"corruption of the spirit\", leaving most onlookers bemused.Lost in translationMDMK's Ganeshmurthi highlighted the cause of Tamils, saying that while the country was agitated over the fate of minorities in Pakistan , not much note was being taken of Tamil fishermen who suffered at the hands of a neighbouring country. \"Do you think Tamils are happy with such a state of affairs,\" he asked. As he was speaking in Tamil, he did not get much of a response.Trinamool's parallel historyTrinamool Congress's Sudip Bandhopadhyay had an eye fixed on Kolkata, even as he spoke on the history of Parliament. May 13, he reminded the Lok Sabha, was historic as it marked a change last year - when Trinamool swept to power handing the Left a humiliating defeat. \"Our celebrations are still continuing,\" he said expansively.Changed equationsA telling evidence of how the West Bengal power equations have changed was provided by Trinamool's Sudip Bandhopadhyay, peremptorily interrupting CPM leader in Lok Sabha Basudev Acharya. As Acharya was winding on, the Trinamool MP got up and tapped his watch and asked whether there was a time limit. Acharya meekly sat down.Singhvi drops inCongress MP and former spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi too attended the session in Rajya Sabha to commemorate the 60th anniversary of Parliament. Dressed in a blue kurta, Singhvi's presence though was restricted to a few minutes in the House after PM Manmohan Singh and leader of opposition Arun Jaitley had spoken. Singhvi, whose name surfaced in a CD scandal forcing him to give up all party posts, is officially on leave until the end of the ongoing session. He had sought leave from the House citing illness and wedding commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13127364", "title": "Shooting ranges to come up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cops are going to pick up tricks in sharp shooting from renowned shooting coach and umpire T S Dhillon.Dhillon while talking about players who have trained under him said,\"Olympian Avneet Kaur Sidhu also trained under me in his career's initial stage.\" Meanwhile, the Chandigarh police is also looking forward to developing international standard shooting ranges with T S Dhillon's help. They are expecting him to come to the city next week and will make blueprint of modernized ranges with his help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127028", "title": "Locals want heritage tag for 400-year-old church", "text": "Mumbai: Hundreds gathered at the 400-year-old St John the Evangelist Church at Seepz in Andheri (E) for the annual feast on Sunday.According to Godfrey Pimenta, head of the Marol Citizens' Association, an appeal has been made to the Centre and the state government to protect the church. Activists have sought removal of encroachments on the graveyard and beautification of Deol Talao.\"The state government should include the church in the list of Grade III heritage monuments,\" said Pimenta, who along with former corporator Nicholas Almeida formed the 'Save the St John the Evangelist Church Committee' over a decade ago. The group has been fighting for restoration of the shrine.A local, Aziz Amreliwalla, has also written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan seeking his intervention to ensure that the shrine is protected.Pimenta, who has delved into the church's history, said the shrine was abandoned in the 1840s, when an epidemic broke out in the area. The shrine's history can be traced back to the sixteenth century when 500 people embraced Christianity in the area during the Portuguese rule. Jesuit missionary records show that in 1669, there was a parish in the area.After the thanksgiving mass, a local band played Marathi folk tunes in the old churchyard. Villagers from Marol, Gundivili and Chakala attended the mass and wished each other to mark the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13126715", "title": "Here, they fight stench, mosquitoes every day", "text": "PUNE: The residents of Poorva Residency Housing Society in Pimpale Saudagar, Pimpri-Chinchwad, are a harried lot. In 2009, when the flat owners started moving in, there was no storm water drain near the society.When all the flats were sold and almost a year had passed since, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) one fine day began constructing the storm water drain, that too by using the society land. By the time the civic body completed the storm water drain, the society had already lost a jogging track and a part of the garden. Even the compound wall had to be constructed again.The troubles did not end there. The storm water drain, which is supposed to carry only rain water during monsoons, however, carries sewage water also, throughout the year.This is the problem faced by not just one society, but Shivam housing complex and Shiv Sai Vishwa, also located behind a police chowky in Pimpale Saudagar, too, face similar conditions. The three housing societies, that together house 400 flats, have to fight mosquito menace and foul smell because of the sewage passing through in the storm water drain along the boundary walls. The problem was so severe that one of the residents was hit by dengue, and he was left with no choice but to shift to another place.Narrating the woes of the residents, Vikash Pande, chairman of Poorva Residency housing society said, \"The storm water drain carries the waste water released by garages, toilets and other buildings located upstream. The proper concrete drain exist only from the gate of Poorva Residency to the end of the Shivam housing society. After that, the drain takes the form of a pond, as it has no proper channel ahead to reach the Pavana river. The stagnant water in it encourages mosquito breeding and the foul smell is a nuisance to the residents.\"Residents, who live in flats that have window opening towards the drain, suffer the worst.Said Sudhir Bhargava, a resident, \"I cannot open the windows of my flat nor can I use the terrace due to the foul smell and mosquito menace. I don't even take my two-year-old daughter out to the garden due to the fear of mosquitoes. We cannot enjoy a stroll in the garden, neither in the evening nor at night, without getting bitten by mosquitoes.\"Pande said, \"The mosquito repellants and coils are of no use. We have to use the mosquito killer rackets. I have to always apply a mosquito repellant cream on my child whenever I bring him out to the garden during his playtime every evening. We spend so much on mosquito killer rackets and mosquito repellant creams.\"\"The security guards also have to fight the mosquito problem. It is difficult to get security guards for the society as most of them are reluctant to work in such conditions,\" Pande added.Jyoti Pandya, a resident who has been following the matter with the civic body, said, \"The local corporators have not been of much help in finding a permanent solution for our problems. If the civic officials call it a storm water drain, then only rain water should flow through it. The civic body should stop other waste water entering it throughout the year. This will solve our problem. Earlier, the civic officials had carried out fogging but they have stopped it now. Fogging should be restarted.\"Mangal Pandya, another resident, said, \"We would not have spent Rs 40 to 50 lakh to buy flats here if we knew that the civic body will construct a storm water drain, which will later cause us problems of foul smell and mosquito menace.\"Another resident Vaijnath Khedkar said, \"My neighbour suffered from dengue after staying here for seven months. He was so fed up of the mosquito menace and the dengue disease that he left the flat and is now staying in a rented accommodation in Pune. We are all taxpayers and the civic body collects lakhs of rupees as property tax annually. So it should find a solution to our problems by making the storm water drain underground at its own cost.\"Yogesh Shah and Prabhat Ghosh, residents of Shiv Sai Vishwa, said, \"There are 98 flats in the first phase of the complex. People had started living here around a year ago, unaware of the drain, stink and the mosquito menace. We cannot keep the windows open due to the foul smell and mosquitoes. We spend at least an hour killing mosquitoes inside our flat before we go to sleep.\"Vivek Sinha, a resident of Shivam housing complex, said, \"There are 104 flats in the society. People had started shifting in in 2009 when there was an underground drain on which there was a garden in the society. But all of a sudden the civic body dug up the drain two years ago and made it an open storm water drain which has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.\"When contacted, local corporator Sheetal Kate said, \"The drainage line has been damaged upstream due to which the domestic sewage enters the storm water drain. The drainage pipelines near another housing society had been damaged because of which sewage entered the drain. The civic body has repaired the pipelines.''Kate said all the damaged drainage pipelines in other places are yet to be repaired. He said additional commissioner Prakash Kadam had also inspected the spot before the elections. The health and drainage department need to work together to ensure that the domestic sewage does not enter the storm water drain along Poorva Residency.\"Pandurang Zure, assistant commissioner and Zone D officer, said, \"We will send civic employees to inspect the problem. Necessary remedial measures will be taken after they inspect the spot and study the problem. Fogging will also be carried out to reduce the mosquito menace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13126746", "title": "I asked Ajit Chandila to restrict batsmen, says Hirwani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajit Chandila might only have a couple of first-class matches and a handful of T20 games under his belt, but for Rajasthan, he proved to be the surprise weapon of the day against Pune on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch HighlightsThe 28-year-old off-spinner from Haryana, who has been around for a long time now without actually setting things on fire, has a big mentor to look up to - national selector Narendra Hirwani.The former India leg-spinner has been working with Chandila ever since his Air India days back in 2006.\"Chandila has been seeking my advice for a long time now. In fact, he called me just three hours before today's (Sunday's) match to talk about how he should go about bowling in just his second IPL match,\" Hirwani told TOI on Sunday.The lanky offie finally got his chance to turn his arm over in IPL after joining Rajasthan this season after spending two years with Team Delhi without getting a look in.Hirwani feels Chandila's greatest strength is his ability to keep runs in check. \"My advice to him has been to keep batsmen in check by not giving easy runs. He is not a big turner of the ball so I always tell him that he should look to go for not more than 20 runs in his four overs. If he does that he'll invariably have at least two wickets to his name,\" Hirwani added.Chandila though only has three first-class wickets from two games and 11 T20 wickets in his career so far. \"He bowled very economically in his first three overs against Bangalore - going for only 15 runs. But in his effort to pick up some wickets, he offered a couple of loose deliveries which were hit for sixes.\"On Chandila's strengths as an off-spinner, Hirwani said, \"His biggest advantage is his height. In addition to that he has a long pause in his action, which helps him in getting just that little bit of extra time to see what the batsman is doing and possibly adjust accordingly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13128636", "title": "Soon, docs' phones too can sniff out diseases", "text": "LONDON: Coming soon: An \"electronic nose\" application for smart phones which could help doctors diagnose an illness by analysing a person's breath, say scientists.A team at the California Institute of Technology , led by chemistry professor Nate Lewis , is trialling the technology what they call \"sensory vapour technology\" which could detect odours like the human nose.The aim is to manufacture a smart phone attachment that works when used in conjunction with an \"electronic nose app\" , the 'Daily Mail' reported . Scientists hope their research will result in an affordable , easy-to-carry detection system, ideally an advanced smart phone application. Team member Heather McCaig said: \"A doctor could carry around their smart phone and have patients breathe into a little attachment and be able to tell they have a communicable disease like tuberculosis. You wouldn't need to send samples off to a lab, you would immediately be able to start treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "13127335", "title": "Garden gate falls on three kids, 1 critical", "text": "Ulhasnagar: In a freak mishap, three children, between the ages of 12 to 13 years, were injured after the gate of a garden fell on them on Sunday evening.One kid is said to be in a serious condition while the other two are out of danger.According to the Vithalwadi police, the incident occured at 6.30 pm when the kids went to the Peer Vasitha garden in Ulhasnagar on Sunday evening. As the children were walking by the garden's entrance gate, it suddenly fell on them, injuring all of them.The three injured kids were identified as Ajay Vasitha, 13, Gautam 13, and Deepak Chavan, 12.All the three children have been admitted to the private Ratnadeep hospital in Ulhasnagar. While Ajay and Gautam sustained minor injuries in the incident, Deepak is said to have been admitted to hospital in a critical condition.Ramchandra Vasitha, a local resident, alleged that the entrance gate of the garden had been constructed just four months ago and at that time the resid-ents had opposed the poor quality work by the contractors, but their protests went unheard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131034", "title": "Will Shiv take Jagya\u2019s place in Anandi\u2019s life?", "text": "Anandi and her family are in for a surprise when the new district collector Shivraj Shekhar aka Siddharth Shukla visits Jaitsar to felicitate the Chief Minister and Anandi for her contribution to Jaitsar's development.Tomorrow's episode may be a new beginning in Anandi's life when she encounters Shivraj who first rescues her and later joins Anandi on stage for a performance. As part of the felicitation ceremony, Anandi's students have prepared a special dance for the entire town of Jaitsar and they force Anandi and Shiv to join in. As Anandi dances with her students, Shiv takes to playing the dhol.Dadisa, who is eagerly on the lookout for a groom for Anandi, already begins to imagine the two as a couple! She sets out on a mission to find out details about Shiv's life and his marital status. As Anandi comes face to face with Shiv, will a romance ensue between the two? Will Shiv replace Jagya in Anandi's life?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13126835", "title": "Time stands frozen at this horse stable", "text": "COIMBATORE: The old horse stable at Ukkadam-Selavapauram Road is intact with 15 horses. Its 70-year-old caretaker turns nostalgic when asked about the days when horse carts occupied the city streets, carrying passengers across the region. Horse carts and horse riding have become things of past. The surviving horses are mostly used for transporting goods.Caretaker A Sardarbhai started working when at 10, and according to him, there were over 1500 horses in the city at that time. Carts had registration numbers, and were operated on city roads based on permission from civic authorities. Travellers were required to wear special badges, and violators were punished. There was even a special courtto deal with cases involving horse cart runners, known as Kuthira Vandi Court.According to Sardarbhai, those were times, when hiring a horse cart was a matter of prestige, and people had to book them in advance. \"Senior advocates and doctors travelled on horse carts to show off their prestige and status. With the coming of modern vehicles, we were mostly used for taking children from their homes to their schools and back,\" he shares.Prabhu Subramaniayam, who presently owns four horses, says he continues the business as it was inherited from his forefathers. He is also one among the few who support the last horse stable in the city. \"After giving the caretaker his due, and the animals enough food, there is nothing left for the owner. To meet both ends, I work as a head load worker,\" he said.According to Sardarbhai, he used to get Rs 20 to 30 per day fifty years ago for acting as caretaker. He is now getting only Rs 60 to Rs 70 per day. Horse-pulled carts are now used to transport vegetables and fruits to a few retail shops. On a good day, each horse cart operator can fetch between Rs200 and Rs250. Out of this, Rs180 is required to meet the food cost of the horse. The rest will be for the caretaker, says Prabhu.Surendar Singh (47), who owns two horses, says \"Services like carrying people and goods have been taken up by fast moving vehicles. The few retailers who use us are old acquaintances. Rarely, we get a call for a marriage or temple function. Most of us continue the profession as we know no other job,\" he said.While the pullers say the corporation is not concerned about their welfare, corporation officials say they do not have any responsibility towards them. \"We have provided space to retain the stable. It was brought here after the city developed. We have no other responsibility,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13128111", "title": "Heart surgery ends with burns on leg", "text": "Mumbai: After undergoing a major heart surgery in a suburban hospital, Savio Freitas (34) realized that the back of his left knee and ankle had suffered from burn injuries. Freitas subsequently had to undergo a series of procedures, including skin grafting, for these injuries. Doctors called these injuries 'pressure sores' and said that these are not uncommon in long surgeries.Freitas was admitted to Lilavati Hospital after he suffered from a complete blackout in February and was diagnosed with a condition called 'aorta dissection'. \"The surgery went on for 12 hours,\" said Preethi, Savio's wife. \"After the surgery, the doctor told me that Savio had suffered from some superficial burns, but was otherwise fine. When Savio gained consciousness and complained that his leg was burning, we still did not know the extent of the burns as his leg was bandaged,\" she said.Preethi claims to have seen the injuries only accidentally when Savio's dressing was being changed. It was only when Preethi allegedly tookup the case with the hospital's administration that Savio's treatment for the burns was started.Doctors, however, say these were pressure burns which can happen in a long surgery.\"In a 12-hour surgery, like in Savio's case, the body has almost no circulation with a reduced temperature. In such cases, pressure sores, akin to bedsores, are possible. The incidence of pressure sores is as high as 10-12% in such surgeries,\" said the surgeon who operated on Savio. \"In such surgeries, blood supply reduces, which can cause pressure sores. It cannot be construed as medical negligence,\" said a cardiac surgeon from a hospital in Andheri (W).Savio, a professional behaviour trainer working for a multinational information technology company in Jaipur, fears that he may not be able to work the way he used to. \"I have to be on my toes all the time. Currently, I am only able to walk with a limp,\" said Savio, who was discharged on Friday after undergoing 12 procedures, including skin grafting, for the burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129911", "title": "Ekta Kapoor accused of dirty play", "text": "Censor Board Chairperson Leela Samson says The Dirty Picture lobby is putting pressure on the council; a defiant Balaji baroness digs in her heelsStopping the telecast of Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture hours before its scheduled time 12 pm on Sunday, April 22, had created an uproar in the Hindi cinema industry.The Central Board of Film Certification has had to fend off a lot of brickbats ever since. And thus, to clarify their stance and to discuss issues such as U/A certification, depicting smoking on screen, sexual content, the CBFC chief Leela Samson had flown down to Mumbai on Saturday for a conference. Along with CBFC CEO, Pankaja Thakur, Samson tried to thrash out all issues, but not without making some strong comments on the industry and its 'connections'.While Pankaja Thakur chose to remain diplomatic and simply said that they would be talking to the I&B; ministry on The Dirty Picture issue, Samson said, \"The lobby on The Dirty Picture is very strong. If the industry wants a new cinematograph act, then why does that same industry not come forward to ask for the implementation of the new act?\"Needless to say, the messages put forth on social networking sites and vocal opposition to the decision to pull off the television premiere of the Ekta Kapoor film, has not gone down too well with the Censor board.On April 22, when the film was pulled off, the CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures, Tanuj Garg had stated, \"It's unfortunate that even after a valid censor certificate being in place, the telecast was held! We have not seen this happen to any other film and cannot fathom the victimisation.\"When contacted yesterday, Garg still stood up for the film. He told us, \"There is no lobby. That's support. The film industry has extended its whole hearted support to The Dirty Picture. The industry agrees that it was unfair and unfortunate for one film to have become the guinea pig despite the paper work being in place.\"\"The issue has now assumed pan-industry proportions as it could happen to any other film in the future. There's justifiable concern and anxiety in everybody's mind and we all are hoping for a satisfactory resolution soon,\" added Garg.While the former chairperson of the CBFC, Anupam Kher denied the existence of any 'lobby' in the film industry, when contacted, Ekta Kapoor did not try to hide the power she has in the film industry today. Ekta told Mirror, \"Yes, we have a lobby in the industry. Rameshji (Sippy) and Maheshji (Bhatt) had gone to meet the ministry. Fortunately, we have an extremely supportive and understanding I&B; ministry. We are expecting this issue to be resolved soon.\"On the other hand, what Samson terms as 'lobby', Mahesh Bhatt calls 'unity'. He said, \"We are fighting for the principles on which the industry has been functioning so far regarding the telecast of films with an U/A certificate. The Dirty Picture is caught in this tussle. Ekta Kapoor, Jeetendra and Balaji are part of the film fraternity and we cannot abandon them. It is our duty to stand up for the fundamental right. We may be in their shoes tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13134543", "title": "Venkatesh\u2019s \u2018Shadow\u2019 Back in Hyderabad", "text": "The cast and crew of Venkatesh's upcoming movie 'Shadow' have just returned from Switzerland, where they shot a couple of songs. Sources close to the production house inform that director Meher Ramesh had managed to zero in on some exotic locations in Swiss, where he shot two beautiful numbers featuring the lead pair - Venkatesh and Taapsee. After a break of few days, the 'Shadow' unit will resume filming action sequences on Venkatesh and others in Hyderabad. Venkatesh is essaying the role of a mafia don with different shades in the film while Srikanth plays a cop and Tapsee, a medico. SS Thaman is scoring the music and writer duo, Gopimohan and Kona Venkat, have penned the script for this film. Paruchuri Kireeti is producing 'Shadow' under the United Movies banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13134710", "title": "RCB vs MI: Ambati Rayudu, Kieron Pollard snatch victory from Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Mumbai Indians rode on Ambati Rayudu and Kieron Pollard's swashbucklings knocks and their unbroken 122-run sixth-wicket partnership to stage a dramatic fightback and beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by five wickets in their Indian Premier League match on Monday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in Pics Rayudu smashed an unbeaten 81 off 54 balls while Pollard remained not out on 52 off 31 as Mumbai Indians chased down the target of 172 with two balls to spare after staring down the barrel at 51 for five in the ninth over.Pollard smashed Gayle for a six and two fours to seal the match for Mumbai and keep their chances of qualifying for the playoffs alive.Pollard and Rayudu hit nine runs in the penultimate over off Zaheer, leaving Mumbai to score 14 in last over.The nightmare of not getting good starts haunted MI yet again when they lost three early wickets by the fourth over.MI started poorly losing Sachin Tendulkar for a first- ball duck. Zaheer Khan , who seems to be peaking at the right time for RCB, had the batsman caught by Virat Kohli at short cover point.The visitors then lost Herchelle Gibbs for two after KP Appanna fired in a superb throw at the bowler's end where Tiwary did the rest.MI were in trouble with the scorecard reading seven for two at the end of the second over.Mumbai wicketkeeper batsman Dinesh Karthik showed early signs of aggression as he carted Zaheer over backward square leg for a boundary and then worked him between the midwicket and mid on for another four.Rohit Sharma's dismissal only made things worse for MI. After the end of seventh over, Mumbai needed 132 runs off 78 balls at 10.15 per over.Pollard and Rayudu targeted left-arm spinner Appanna in the eleventh over by clobbering him for 19 runs.Pollard thrashed Appanna for two consecutive sixes, taking Mumbai to 75 for five at the end of the over.Earlier, a gritty knock by Tilakaratne Dilshan after early wickets and late charge by Mayank Agarwal powered Royal Challengers Bangalore to a challenging 171/6.Mayank Agarwal produced a blistering 30-ball 64 and smashed Munaf Patel for 24 runs in the innings' last over, which included two sixes and as many fours.In all, he hit six fours and four sixes after the hosts lost most of their big guns, including Chris Gayle and A B de Villiers cheaply.Mayank came out to bat when RCB were precariously placed, having lost four wickets with less than 100 on the board.At the start however, Munaf did not disappoint captain Harbhajan Singh who hoped to get early wickets by exploiting a slightly greenish pitch, as he struck two crucial blows for Mumbai Indians, dismissing Gayle for just six and running out host captain Virat Kohli for three.In his first over Lasith Malinga almost had Saurabh Tiwary caught at deep extra cover but fortunately for the batsman, the ball landed safely between two fielders.Tiwary helped Bangalore recover from a poor start before being dismissed for 21. Suddenly, the hosts were in trouble at 47 for three by the seventh over.After losing three wickets, Dilshan and AB de Villiers were involved in a 40-run partnership in 29 balls before Kieron Pollard removed the South African wicketkeeper-batsman for 14.RCB posted their 100 in the 15th over. Agarwal cut loose in the 16th over and hammered 11 of the 15 runs conceded by RP Singh . Agarwal hammered a length ball to deep backward point for a four and then lofted one over long-off for a maximum.However, RP put an end to the 46-run stand for the fifth wicket by bowling out the Sri Lankan opener for 47 (50 balls 4x4 and 6x1) in the 17th over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13128309", "title": "High labour charges put corporation schools in a fix", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation is desperately looking for skilled labourers to carry out the maintenance work in the 93 corporation-owned schools before the new academic year begins.With less than a month left for the re-opening of schools, the workers have turned their back on the corporation because of the relatively low wages the civic body offers them.The schools run by the corporation are in a bad shape with ramshackle classrooms, blocked drainages, broken benches and desks, urine sheds with wrenched-off doors and taps that rarely provide water.\"We cannot call tenders for small works like maintenance and repair of classrooms. The only way is to hire some labourers and finish off the task. However, no labourers are willing to work for the corporation because of the low wages being offered,\" said a corporation official.Carpenters, plumbers and electricians are the most sought after among the labourers. The corporation is not able to match the normal wages these men get in the open market. \"The corporation has shelled out only a minimal sum for every school. The maximum amount we can think of giving them ranges between Rs 200 and Rs 300,\" the official added.Meanwhile, the corporation has completed the supply of lab equipment to all the 93 schools. Computers and new benches have also been supplied to many schools. However, the children need not look forward to any facility other than white-washed classrooms during this academic year. \"We cannot carry out big projects in these schools now. It requires the approval of the district planning committee,\" said education standing committee chairperson K S Sheela.She said that education projects need to be considered separately in order to do away with the delay. \"Normally the projects for the schools get approved only by December. However, the corporation is unable to carry out any work during January and February because of exams. Ideally, the projects should begin in June and have to be completed by September,\" said Sheela.The corporation is at present trying to finishing work in schools which are backed by PTA fund. \"Such schools can afford to pay. But there are many schools which cannot rely on the PTA fund for maintenance. Maintenance is going to be a tough job in such schools,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13128902", "title": "Muthalamada may not grant licence to distillery", "text": "Kochi: Muthalamada panchayat is unlikely to grant licence to the controversial distillery, with the ruling Congress deciding against it.Panchayat vice-president Rohini Balan said the party took such a decision as the project went against the interests of the people. \"Residents of Muthalamada fear that the proposed distillery would drain the water resources in the area where lots of agricultural activities take place. Therefore we decided to abandon the project,\" she said.She added that the seven-member panchayat committee, formed to examine the project proposal, would visit the proposed location on May 15. Panchayat president S V Selvam had earlier said that the panchayat was against the government's decision to clear the proposal without consulting it. Muthalamada panchayat is presently ruled by Congress, with indirect support from BJP. The Congress has nine members while BJP has three. The remaining eight members belong to CPM.The ruling Congress was earlier planning to take a decision only after visiting the proposed site. However, prior to that, the opposition members protested against the project.In fact, there were reports that the CPM was planning to move a no-confidence motion against the present president on the distillery issue. This forced the ruling Congress to announce its position before the panel visit. Leading environmentalists like Sunita Narain of CSE, New Delhi, writers like Magsaysay winner Mahasweta Devi as well as many political leaders like V M Sudheeran had criticized the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128004", "title": "More plaints against Ponzi operators", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two more complaints were lodged against Ponzi scheme operators on Saturday for cheating investors of Rs 29 lakh and Rs 9 lakh. One of the complaints involves KSP Investors Ltd, an investment company, whose owner is now out on bail. Police have moved an application to the court to cancel his bail as he has failed to adhere to the conditions laid down.According to Navrangpura police officials, Saida Bano Ansari, a resident of Silver Flat, Juhapura, has filed a complaint against Wasim Ali Saiyad, a resident of Teacher Society, Juhapura, and Sharif Mian Saiyad alias Lalu, a resident of Feroz Society, Juhapura, for cheating her and her relatives of Rs 29 lakh between December 2010 and February 2011.\"Wasim is one of the partners in KSP Investors, a company floated by Moinuddin Saiyad and Abid Ikhlaq Ahmed Saiyad. They are sons of Nizam Saiyad, a former crime branch constable. As per Ansari's complaint, she was approached by Sharif who was working as an agent for KSP. He lured her with 20 per cent returns and also encouraged her to get money from her relatives for better prospects of returns. She believed him and handed him over Rs 29 lakh over two months,\" said a Navrangpura police official.She got two installments after which the payment seized. Despite several attempts, she could not reach Saiyad or Sharif.When she found herself in a fix after her relatives pressed her for the money, she filed a complaint of cheating.The firm is named in cheating of more than Rs 2 crore. Moinuddin, Abid and Wasim surrendered to court for bail in March.In another case, Aslam Thakor, a resident of Gaekwad Haveli area, Jamalpur, filed a complaint against Mohammed Zishan and Ibrahim Taslim Ahmed, a resident of Muslim Society, Navrangpura, for cheating of Rs 9 lakh from July 2011.\"As per Thakor's complaint, he works as a building contractor. Ibrahim approached himwith a scheme offering more than 20 per cent returns. To convince him, the promoters also showed RBI certificate and their investment plans in various sectors. Thakor paid Rs 9 lakh in two installments,\" said PM Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station.Sarvaiya said that the duo has been involved with A to Z Investment at Kirtan Complex near Mithakhali. \"It is the first case against the firm and we are now investigating how many others have been duped,\" said Sarvaiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13128122", "title": "Harishankar park a death trap for deer", "text": "BALANGIR: Come summer and Harishankar deer park in the district turns into a hell hole for its inhabitants. Nine deer have died this season in the park so far due to dehydration and alleged malnutrition. The forest department, which is in charge of the deer park, a tourist hotspot, has been oblivious to the plight of the hapless animals living in miserable conditions.Almost every year there are reports of deer deaths in the park, which shoots up during summer. In 2007 seven deer reportedly died due to pneumonia. Seven more had died in 2004-05. Between 2008 and 2009, there were reports of five deer deaths due to malnutrition, while in 2010 and 2011, 11 deer died due to poor hygienic conditions in the park. Investigation by the forest department later revealed that one deer died due to old age while others died young due to lack of health care and proper nutrition. In the last five years altogether 39 deer have died in the park.The Harisankar deer park, set up in 1971 on 1.50 acre land with just eight deer, now resembles an abandoned cattle house. \"It is unfortunate that the park could neither be saved nor revived though the local MLA was twice minister of tourism,\" said Jhasketan Naik of Khaprakhol.According to sources, the government provides only 1.60 kg of fodder for 197 deer in the park per day, which is much less than the requirement. The deer are provided leaves and branches from the Gandhamardan forest to meet their food requirement.Balangir divisional forest officer (DFO) Abhiram Naik admitted that the park is too small to accommodate about two hundred animals. \"We have written to authorities to take half of the deer to other places,\" the DFO said.He said every year the state government provides only Rs 2 lakhs for the park, which is not sufficient. \"The park is running only on state government aid as central government has not granted park status to the Harisankar park,\" the DFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13129174", "title": "Children, elderly prone to heat stroke, say doctors", "text": "KANPUR: Cases of heat stroke are rising. As per the records of the OPDs of the district hospitals, the number of patients coming for treatment of heat-related diseases (including heat stroke) is increasing. According to the doctors, around 30 per cent increase in patients has been reported in the past one week when the mercury crossed 40-degree mark.Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursula Horsman hospital said that such weather conditions adversely affect children and elderly people. Scores of people suffering from heat trouble come to UHM hospital every day. Majority of them are schoolchildren and elderly people.Same is the scene at the OPD of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital. \"Cases of diarrhoea, suffocation, cholera and heat stroke among children and elderly patients are rising,\" Dr Yashwant Rao, paediatrician at LLR hospital said.Heat stroke, also known as 'heat hyperpyreixia', occurs due to overheating of the body during summers. This may occur in people who are not habitual to hot humid environment. According to experts, people who lack sweat glands, are more prone to heat stroke.Unsuitable clothing and poor eating and living conditions increases the risk. People who are exposed to sun for longer period and lack sweating, may develop body temperature as high as 105 degrees Fahrenheit, which is also known as summer fever.\"Due to abnormal rise of body temperature, it is the central nervous system and brain which get affected. There is congestion and increased pressure inside the brain,\" Dr Yashwant added.Dr Anil Nigam, physician at UHM hospital said that people who drink less water fall prey to heat strokes.\"Those who don't take sufficient water and go out during the daytime may get heat stroke and can even slip into coma if not given first aid forthwith,\" Dr Nigam added. He advised people to drink lots of water before going out in the sun.Smptoms of heat strokeHigh body temperatureAbsence of sweating with hot red or flushed dry skinDifficulty in breathingDehydrationSuffocation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "sangli/satara", "code": "13128136", "title": "'We want water, not platitudes'", "text": "Sangli/Satara: It's not only the Centre's much-anticipated relief package that political parties are trying to hijack. Politicians cutting across party lines have been touring the 15 drought-hit districts of the state, doling out platitudes. These tours have now started rankling locals who believe the visits are nothing more than mere photo-ops. They say promises being made are rarely fulfilled and only leave them more skeptical about finding a way out of their parched future.Pangri village in Mann taluka, Satara, which hit the headlines after Congress scion Rahul Gandhi's visit in late April, is a case in point. \"Our village is among the eight to ten villages that were left out in the Jihe-Katapur irrigation scheme. Every visiting politician has assured us that we will be connected, but in vain,\" says resident Sukhdeo Gaikwad, who points to the old village hand pump to substantiate his point. \"Forget the irrigation scheme. The chief minister promised us on his recent visit with Gandhi that the hand pump would be fitted with a motor to ease the task of drawing water. It's been more than two weeks but we are still waiting.\"Locals say such high-profile visits are writ in irony. \"We have to usually wait for eight days after we make our payment to get chara (cattle feed) from the government office. On the day of Gandhi's visit, it was promptly doled out to us,\" said another villager Rahul Gaikwad.There has been no shortage of political entourages. NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar as well as CM Prithiviraj Chavan have toured villages in the Pune division. But the sense of dejection cuts across geographical borders and is palpable in neighbouring Sangli, which recently witnessed a visit by Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray as well. \"Politicians came scurrying with assurances when we said we'd prefer being a part of Karnataka. The chief minister promised us in a public sabha that our power bills would be fully waived and paid by the state. But we learnt later on TV that the state will only foot 33% of the cost,\" said panchayat member Basavraj Ishwarappa of Utgi village in Jat taluka, rattling off a slew of benefits their fellow farmers get in neighbouring Karnataka. \"Farmers there have got loans up to Rs 3 lakh without interest from the state and their power bills have been waived for the past ten years,\" he said.\"Our villages are like picnic spots for politicians. We have already lost one kharif crop. It's time they find a permanent solution to address the depleting ground water levels. People do not want platitudes. They want water,\" said Ashok Bhonsale of the Samajik Nyaya Pratisthan, putting in perspective the views of most people in drought-struck villages.(This is the second in a series of articles highlighting problems affecting drought-hit areas of Maharashtra.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13131450", "title": "Aiming high", "text": "KOLKATA: IIM Calcutta has set up IIMC Gift Shop which stocks and sells IIMC branded merchandise and memorabilia in the campus. This shop was inaugurated by the chairman, board of governors on April 2, 2012 in the presence of board members, director, deans, professors, some students, officers and staff.The inauguration was complete with the maiden purchase of some memorabilia items and merchandise by the Ajit Balakrishnan, chairman, BoG, and other board members followed suit. The shop is located in the Tata Hall. This shop has been a distant dream for many years but the idea of establishing the shop strategically came up and took its shape during the prestigious Golden Jubilee celebration when the campus saw the participation of important stakeholders of the institute including alumni and old retired professors.The gift shop currently stocks more than 50 varieties of items which include branded t-shirts, shirts, caps, laptop bags, sports bags, travel bags, wrist watches, time pieces, eco bottles, capsule speakers, key chains, organisers, pens and many more. Each and every item is designed with the IIMC logo and is sourced from the best available brand in the respective domains.One can buy items from the gift shop either in cash or through debit/credit cards. There are plans to start online shopping in the near future through payment gateways on IIMC web portal.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131700", "title": "Vishal follows Ajith", "text": "Vishal, the tall handsome actor seems following Ajith, in rejecting to add his title before his name in his forthcoming films starting from Samar.Puratchi Thalapathy is the fans given name to Vishal. The actor appears to have reportedly said not to tag it along with his name in the posters of his forthcoming movie Samar being directed by Thiru that features Trisha as the female lead.Vishal even claimed that he would be no more tagged Puratchi Thalapathy, as he didn't feel comfortable for being addressed so. The actor is busy with the final schedules of his forthcoming movie Samar in Thailand and also gearing up to kick start his MGR with director Sundar C. Karthika will be playing the female lead in Madha Gaja Raja that shows Vishal in the triple roles.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128034", "title": "Three held for Kalupur shop theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Kalupur police officials on Sunday arrested three youths for Rs 83,800 burglary in a shop. Police have also recovered goods worth Rs 28,000 from the trio and are searching for the remaining booty.Sanjay Manwani, a of Neelkanth Bungalows, Kubernagar resident, had filed a plaint that burglars broke into his shop Kumar Clothing near Prakash Cinema between 2 am and 2:30 am on Friday and decamped with Rs 80,800 cash and jeans trousers worth Rs 3,000.\"On Sunday, we got a tip-off that the thieves were selling the stolen goods were sold by the roadside on Relief Road. Working on the information,We sent a team and arrested two you-ths with the goods and call-ed up Manwani, who identified his goods. The accus-ed have been identified as Imran and Junaid Shaikh, residents of Shahpur. The third youth Faizal Shaikh was arrested from his residence in Mirzapur,\" said Kalupur police station sub-inspector P H Vasava. tnnTalking about the group's modus operandi, Vasava said that the trio used to climb up old buildings through the drainage pipe network. \"In this case, they reached fourth floor of the building and broke lock of Manwani's shop and stole the goods. They were armed with an iron angle by which they broke the locks. They also broke locks of four nearby shops. At that time, a woman woke up in the vicinity and spotted them. While fleeing, Faizal fell and sustained injuries,\" said Vasava.Police recovered all stolen jeans and Rs 25,000 cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13128071", "title": "We could sneak into the finals, says David Hussey", "text": "MOHALI: Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey was optimistic about his team's chances of qualifying for the playoffs after their stunning win over Deccan Chargers in an Indian Premier League match on Sunday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In Pics\"We got three big games, you never know, we could sneak into the finals,\" Hussey said after he led his side to a four-wicket win with an unbeaten 35-ball 65 at the PCA stadium.Hussey was full of praise for young Gurkeerat Singh who made a statement of sorts by slamming 29 off a mere 12 balls, crucial effort considering the tricky situation.\"He (Gurkeerat) is a real player for the future for us, he made it look real easy. We showed our fighting qualities today,\" the Aussie said.Deccan skipper Kumar Sangakkara said they bowled badly towards the end. \"We were poor with the ball at the back end and Huss and the young boy made us pay,\" the Sri Lankan said.Sangakkara was of the view that the dew did not play a role. \"Not really, we were in control for most of the game but you need to hit your yorkers.\"And as far as his decision to give the ball to Dale Steyn to bowl the 19th over was concerned, Sangakkara said, \"You always bowl your best bowler in the penultimate bowler and get the run-rate high enough for the final over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128429", "title": "Doctor arrested for 'molesting' teenager, granted bail", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly physician in central Kolkata was arrested on Saturday for molesting a 17-year-old girl. Police said that the doctor was arrested by Girish Park Police on Saturday night after the teenage girl lodged a complaint. The accused, however, denied the allegation and was granted bail on a personal release bond the same night.The complainant is a resident of Girish Park area. She was suffering from fever since Wednesday. When the fever persisted till Friday evening, the girl went to the local general physician who has a chamber at a chemist's shop in the area.Though the 17-year-old reached the chamber at 8.30pm, she was let in to the doctor's chamber at 10pm because of a long queue. The girl said that initially everything was normal. The doctor, who is in his 60s, heard her ailment and asked her to lay down on the bed for an examination. The doctor then started examining her with a stethoscope and it was then that he allegedly molested her, the girl complained.When the girl returned home, she was too scared to speak about the issue with anybody. It was only next morning on Saturday that she told her neighbour about the incident who advised her to lodge a police complaint.Police registered a case under IPC 354 and by evening the accused doctor was rounded up. He denied the allegation and was granted bail on personal release bond the same night, said police.The teenage complainant is a resident of Girish Park area. Since Wednesday she was suffering from fever. Till Friday evening when he did not get relief from her ailment she went to local general physician R Chowdhury who has a chamber at a chemist's shop on Muktaram Babu street, which was close to her place.She reached there around 8.30 pm but there was a long queue and around 10 pm she was called in the doctor's chamber. The girl said to police that initially everything was normal. The elderly doctor who is in his sixties heard her complaint and then the medic asked her to lay down on the bed for examination. Unsuspectingly she lied down on the bed and doctor started examining her with stethoscope. At that time the medic allegedly misbehaved with the girl and molested her, complained the girl.The girl was scared and did not utter a word then. She returned home and on next morning she told one of her neighbour about the incident who advised her to lodge complaint with police. On saturday the girl landed at Girish Pak police station and informed police. Cops registered a case under 354 Ipc and by the evening the accused doctor was ounded up. The medic however denied the allegation. He was granted bail on personal release bond at that night, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13127108", "title": "YSR Cong cries foul over CBI\u2019s \u2018selective probe\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pointing to former CBI director Joginder Singh's comments during an interview that CBI functions at the behest of the Union home ministry and its approach varies from case to case, YSR Congress on Sunday said its stand that Jaganmohan Reddy was being targeted by the UPA at the Centre has been vindicated.\"The CBI functions as per the directives of the central government. It is clear that the TDP has conspired to join hands with the Congress, and the CBI is being used as a tool to settle political scores,\" party spokesperson Vasireddy Padma told reporters.TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu's secret meeting with Union home minister P Chidambaram, and the fact that his party has a former CBI director in its ranks clearly indicate the elements of witch-hunt against Jagan, she alleged. \"On one hand a former director of CBI openly admits that the agency functions as per the diktats of the Centre, and on the other, the TDP has with it another former CBI director who has been helping the party script the conspiracy case against Jagan,\" she alleged. The ruling and opposition parties have come together only to stop the emergence of a third force in the state, she said.\"A section of media which is against our party has also joined the conspiracy bandwagon. It has become the mouthpiece of the main conspirators.\"There have been selective leaks that were published and the CBI has never questioned the source nor issued a rejoinder,\" Padma alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13128196", "title": "Cheetahs out of Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat seeks legal view", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fight to save Gujarat's USP, the Asiatic Lion, has begun in earnest. The Supreme Court's order staying the reintroduction of cheetah in Kuno Palpur has not only dealt a blow to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), but has got the Gujarat forest department officers on their toes to save its USP.The apex court had recently stayed the Rs 300 crore cheetah reintroduction project and sought to know if saving cheetah or lion was its priority.The Supreme Court was hearing a petition filed in 2006 by the Bio-diversity Conservation Trust of India, Delhi seeking translocation of lion to Kuno-Palpur. The 2010 census showed presence of 411 lions in the Gir National Park and its surroundings.\"This statement has made the Gujarat officials run from pillar to post seeking legal opinion about saving the lions from going out of Gujarat,\" said a senior forest department officer.An officer from the forest department said the state has plans to stall the move by the Madhya Pradesh government to use the lions for tourism.Kuno-Palpur was considered after there was a sharp decline of the lion population in 1988. The Wildlife Institute of India found that the lion population in Gir was totally insecure because it had risen from a very small base, making the population genetically homogenous. Secondly, when a small population is restricted to a single site, an epidemic could prove catastrophic and wipe out the entire population.Thus to re-establish a second home for these lions, the Wildlife Institute of India in 1993 undertook a survey to identify the potential second home of the Asiatic Lion. Accordingly, the Kuno-Palpur project period was identified to a span of 20 years i.e. 1995 to 2015.\"While the entire project was being planned, there was no mention of tourism aspect. If the apex court judgment goes against the state and the lions have to be shifted, the government can move a pray that tourism related to lions should only be the USP of the Gujarat. Madhya Pradesh should be restricted from using the lions for tourism,\" said a senior forest department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13128253", "title": "Tyres worth 1.50Lakh stolen from power department", "text": "PONDA: Four spare tyres and six tyres worth 1.50 lakh were stolen from the chassis of four trucks parked inside the electricity department compound at Curti-Ponda on Saturday night. A complaint has been filed with the Ponda police on Sunday evening.The theft has raised eyebrows as the electricity department ground is fully illuminated. There are residential quarters on one side and an office complex on the other. The department has a security guard and police personnel patrolling the area.Police have registered an offence against unknown persons under Section 379 (theft outside the dwelling) of the Indian Penal Code based on a complaint filed by electricity department's central store (Margao) assistant engineer Suresh Sulebhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128617", "title": "Railways petitioned over breach of trust", "text": "NASHIK: The Rail Parishad has filed a public interest litigation (PIL) against the Union railway minister and Railway Board for failing to start the Rajya Rani Express till Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) in Mumbai, as promised in Parliament, which has resulted in loss of public money, and has affected the safety and security of passengers.\"It is only after a detailed study and with much responsibility any statement is made on the floor of the House. When a minister says or promises something in the House, the minster cannot roll back on the promise, without an announcement in the House. Nashikites were promised a train to Mumbai so that office-goers would reach CST by 10 am, but that never happened and instead the train was shifted to Kurla (LTT) terminus. This is a pure breach of trust,\" parishad president Bipin Gandhi said.Nashik and Pune are equidistant from Mumbai but Nashikites have only one dedicated train in the morning that reaches Mumbai after 10.45 am, while Pune has at least four reaching CST before 10 am. \"The railways' treatment of Nashikites is sheer arbitrary, discriminatory and violates rights of equality, to practice any profession, or to carry on any occupation, trade or business anywhere. We have therefore filed the PIL to seek justice for more than 10,000 Nashikites who almost every day travel to Mumbai for various purposes and in the process risk their lives attempting to catch the Panchavati Express,\" Gandhi said.The destination of the Manmad-CST Rajya Rani Express was shifted to Kurla before being flagged off on March 10. The train is highly inconvenient for passengers travelling to Mumbai and it was evident from the number of passengers it carried. \"The train hardly carries more than 10% passengers going to Mumbai, while most still hit the platform for the Panchavati Express as passengers travelling by the Rajya Rani reach at 11 am, that is 15 minutes after the Panchavati Express,\" the PIL claimed, stressing that it had also resulted in a loss of crores of rupees to the railways.The Railways had replied to letters sent by Rail Parishad from time-to-time. However, the Parishad has also tried to explain measures to make the rake more efficient by making it a double utility which will not only provide another train for travelling between two cities, but will also solve the parking problem. Even that solution was overlooked, Gandhi claimed adding that after all the moves failed, PIL was the ultimate solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13127616", "title": "Striking varsity teachers to slug it out in court", "text": "Mumbai: Teachers affiliated to the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Organization (MFUCTO) have decided to fight their battle in the court. The decision comes after the Bombay high court issued a notice against them in response to a petition filed by a students' organization against the strike and boycott of assessment work by the teachers.Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) moved the court last week and sought action against the teachers and the associations that called for the boycott of assessment work. The ABVP petition also said that the boycott is contrary to the interest of the students and that it might delay the process of admissions. It urged the court to direct the teachers to return to work and correct the answer scripts.The teachers' federation received the high court notice on Saturday evening. General secretary of MFUCTO Tapati Mukhopadhyay, said, \"We have received a notice from the high court on Saturday. We will discuss the matter with our lawyer and respond to it. We will fight the battle in the court.\"The state government on Saturday decided to issue notices to all the teachers who have not yet reported to work.Meanwhile, pro vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra said, \"There is an improvement in the attendance. Teachers are reporting to centralized assessment process (CAP) centres and the assessment work is speeding up. We are trying to come out with the results within the stipulated time.\"However, a teacher from the MFUCTO claimed that the ones who have reported to the CAP centres for evaluation of answer sheets are appointed on ad-hoc basis.While the state government has claimed that it has met all their demands, the teachers said that minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope has not kept his word. The teachers also claimed that there is no clear time frame given as to when a government resolution will be out clarifying their stand.The teachers' demands include payment of arrears as per the sixth pay commission and granting of placement benefits to lecturers (appointed between 1991 and 2000) affected by the National Eligibility Test (NET) or State Level Eligibility Test ( SLET) in compliance with directions issued by the University Grants Commission (UGC), among others.MFUCTO has received a high court notice. We will discuss the matter with our lawyer and respond to it. We will fight the battle in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127604", "title": "Print media's credibility is higher: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday took a dig at the various media reports on him while emphasising on the need for authenticity of news published or broadcasted. Speaking at the launch of a private TV channel in the state capital, he said that people still firmly believe in printed words and credibility of a newspaper is very high among the people.\"When we go out in the field and interact with people, many a times they assertively claim that a particular news can't be false or fabricated because it was published in the newspaper. It is a great thing,\" said Gehlot. Stressing on the authenticity of the news, the CM said that there are times when false news come in the media which should be avoided. \"Once a newspaper published that I was in New Delhi but senior leaders did not give me an appointment. The report claimed that my CM post was in danger and to save my chair I had visited a tantrik in Jodhpur. The man they quoted in their news article had died some 12 years back Why would I need to visit a tantric, I am myself a magician and know all the tricks,'' he said.Taking a dig at the shows promoting the superstitious beliefs and witchcraft, Gehlot told the gathering that no one knows better about the witchcraft than him. \"These programmes on the TV which claim to have cure diseases through tricks should be completely stopped. There is nothing true about whatever they show. Everything is fake and far from reality.\"Gehlot also did not miss out on the opportunity to take a dig at deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari , who was also present. You should also plan a 'yatra' in Jaipur division. It will help you and your party,'' said Gehlot addressing Tiwari. The chief minister made the statement in reference to the recent feud within the state BJP over senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria's 'Lok Jagran Yatra'. Tiwari in his speech said that the four pillars of the democracy is getting eroded and it is a necessary to stop this downfall.The CM, later in the day, participated in a function at the Parliament in News Delhi, organized on the occasion of the completion of 60 glorious years of democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13128403", "title": "Police commissionerates fail to curb crimes", "text": "KOLKATA: It's been four months since the Bidhannagar and Barrackpore police commissionerates were set up, but sadly the crime graph has seen no decline. Apart from rise in robberies and cases of molestations, in most cases the miscreants have managed to give police a slip.After four months since Bidhannagar and Barrackpore police commissionerates were set up, the crime graph in the areas have shown no decline. Instead incidences of from robberies to molestation are on the rise, worse still in most cases the miscreants have managed to evade police.In the past two weeks, Ghola in North 24-Parganas alone has witnessed three incidents of crime against women. Three incidents have occurred in Ghola alone in North 24 Paraganas in the last two weeks where women have been being molested, abused and stalked.Early last week, a television actress was stalked and abused by some drunken youths which was this was followed by last Friday night's incident in which a woman was assaulted and molested by some miscreants. The youths were teasing her and her sister which the woman protested. as she had raised her voice herself against the youths teasing her and her sister.Locals allege that crime rate had always been high in Ghola. has always been an area of anti socials, locals complain.Early this year, a clash occurred between two groups after some youths teased a college girl. This was followed by another incident in nearby Naihati where a private tutor was allegedly assaulted by a gang for protesting against eve teasing. of miscreants when he protested to the teasing of a girl student. Many such incidents have occurred in and around the area previously.Police said they were attending and looking into each and every case with equal importance. \"We have increased supervision in Ghola and its surrounding area. Our senior officers are patrolling at places. We are attending each and every complaints that we are receiving,\" said Barrackpore police commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee.In Salt Lake, incidents of burglaries and robberies continue unabated are continuing, with the latest robbery incident at AD Block. Though police have appointed the green civic police to assist them in the work and to beef up makesecurity arrangements, more effective but residents complain that the latter green police have not proved useful. been useful from any point of view.Residents alleged are complaining that the green police were that have been appointed are themselves confused as to how the township's security matters could be managed.The Bidhannagar Police is now collecting information from all households of Salt Lake to come up with a list of paying guests living in the township. Also, It has been noticed so far that most of the paying guests live in Bidhannagar South and Bidhannagar East police station areas which are nearer to Sector V.Bidhannagar municipality officials recently held a meeting with the police to discuss on the township's security issues.The police last time had nabbed an inter-state gang for being involved in the daring robbery at incident of CF Block. The gang had come from Biharand used to take help from local criminals to gather information on households. Incidentally, the police have so far found out that there are many paying guests and tenants who have come from outside states.Cops suspect these criminals are provided getting information by about these households throughlocal miscreants, but still several cases remain unsolved.The Bidhannagar Police is also yet to crack the twin murder case that occurred in Baguiati a few months back. They are the police is yet to trace and nab Rajesh Agarwal, the prime accused of the case who is absconding since the murder occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13128266", "title": "Bihar\u2019s first premier Yunus remembered", "text": "PATNA: The services of Bihar's first Premier Mohammad Yunus were recalled here on Sunday on his 60th death anniversary. Lauding the works he did during less than four months of his interim government, CM Nitish Kumar stressed on the need of publication of his life and achievements to let the people know about him. He also announced that the government would observe his birth anniversary every year on May 4 as official function.Addressing a commemorative function, the CM called Yunus a dynamic personality who initiated several historic works like relieving Wakf properties from income tax, establishing Bihar Young Men's Institute, relief to farmers in lagan, establishing micro-finance bodies, and resolving dispute between Dumraon estate and Dalmia as a result Dalmia group made an investment of Rs 5 crore to open chain of factories.A direct descendent of great Sufi saint Hazrat Shah Ibrahim Malik Baya whose tomb is situated on the hills in Biharsharif, Yunus headed Muslim Independent Party which contested election in alliance with the Congress and became state's first Premier on April 1, 1937, and continued till July 19, 1937. A native of Panhera village under Naubatpur police station in Patna, he was a Bar-at-law and died on May 13, 1952, in London . He had also published a newspaper, Patna Times, in 1924.Khuda Bakhsh Library director Imtiaz Ahmad threw light on the life of Yunus and said it was a sheer coincidence that the first session of the Lok Sabha was held on the same day Yunus died 60 years back. Maulana Anisur Rahman Qasmi of Imarat Shariah also spoke and Urdu litterateur Alimullah Hali presided. Yunus' grandsons Babar Yunus and Kashif welcomed the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13128941", "title": "Why a new saver should opt for bank deposits", "text": "One of the most commonly asked questions, typically by those who have just started earning and saving, is, 'where should I begin?' Bankers and advisers push insurance and structured products; friends make stock and derivative trading look cool; and parents suggest long lasting assets, the favourite being a house. A new saver should ideally begin with bank fixed deposits. The choice of investment instrument should be driven by the goals for which one is investing. Most goals of youngsters are short-term in nature. To buy a car, take a holiday, get married or fund a sibling's education or marriage, the investment chosen should be flexible and liquid, and protected from too much volatility. One cannot risk an erosion of 20% in a badly timed stock market investment.To a beginner, a bank deposit offers a high level of convenience, flexibility and liquidity, while earning a steady rate of return. Several product choices in the financial market do not have simple names and are not easily understood. To a new investor, an 'XYZ Treasury investment flexible income fund, retail plan, growth option' does not seem like a simple product . Despite its attractiveness, a short-term mutual fund product loses out as it confuses the new investor with its choices, names, details and disclaimers . Those who can deal with it, can consider this product though. A bank fixed deposit, on the other hand, is the easiest to create.Enabling a savings account for Internet transactions is all one needs to do. One can transfer the salary to a fixed deposit as soon as it is received, or can put in the balance amount at the end of the month. One-year deposits are a good choice for short-term goals and the possible need for money. Choose the option of accumulating interest in the deposit and automatic renewal on maturity, so that the funds require minimal attention when they mature. In the electronic age, multiple deposits can be held, viewed and monitored as a single table of investments. For the detail-oriented investors, viewing the savings account, transferring funds into fixed deposits, and seeing how they are growing in value is a good start to monitoring and managing money. For the inert, the mere act of transfer to a fixed deposit puts their money to work.There are other advantages too. A young investor, who has just begun to deal with money, may not be able to correctly estimate the liquidity requirement, risks, or need for investment. Saving remains a desirable virtue with no immediate tangible motives. The first financial crunch can come when a youngster's job is at risk. The dilemma for an earning youngster is to make job switches without having to lean on parents, or take their approval or advice. Creating an emergency fund that helps them tide over such interim periods of job changes is a tangible motivation to save.Having about three months of pay in the bank is a good cushion while looking for a new job. A high saving rate in the initial months of earning, and a quick transfer to deposits that can be accessed, is the simplest way to implement this. Bank deposits can be broken before maturity, or linked to a savings account through a sweep-in facility, or used as collateral to take a loan from the bank at short notice . If one needs to take an educational loan or a personal loan, it is easier to negotiate a good interest rate with the bank where you have a record of fixed deposits.How should you choose your bank? First, you need a bank with good technological backbone, which supports error-free Internet and mobile transactions and alerts, and quality customer service. Second, your bank should have processes that are well-established , efficient and fast, so that you can create a deposit, take a loan, or make changes without wasting time and energy. Third, your deposit is your loan to the bank. Lend to the bank you are comfortable dealing with, and check its reputation and standing . Your employer may require you to open an account with its bank. Unless there are specific advantages in terms of minimum balance required, service charges, loan facilities, do not change your bank every time you change a job. There is a nationwide electronic facility that now enables transferring money from one bank to another. Check with your employer and register an electronic transfer of your salary to your bank of choice.Once you have accumulated fixed deposits of at least 3-6 months' salary, you are set to explore other investments. You will hear murmurs about low returns and taxes. Save yourself from greedy advisers, sometimes within the bank itself, who may ask you to buy insurance instead, so that they can earn a trip to Mauritius. Beware. Investing is about asset allocation. Not all investment choices are meant to generate the highest returns, lowest tax, and lowest risks. There is a role for the simple and staid too. Begin your investment journey with the simplest investment choice.-The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132032", "title": "Filmmaker Mrinal Sen turns 90", "text": "Far from calling it quits, legendary filmmaker Mrinal Sen on his 90th birthday today said that he might just come up with another new film.\"Everyday I feel like making a new film. Ideas pop up out of my head. Let's see when I can act on them,\" Sen, who along with Satyajit Ray and Ritwik Ghatak changed the profile of Indian cinema in the eyes of the world, said.Starring actress Nandita Das , his last film Aamaar Bhuvan (This, My Land) was released in 2002.\"I haven't so far made any more films. But, to assure you, I do not think that I have retired,\" he told PTI in an interview here.With his films full of direct political statement, social analysis and psychological drama, the Left-leaning director is regarded as a pioneer of the alternative cinema movement in India and is often compared with his contemporary Satyajit Ray.Besides bagging four National Film Awards as the best director for works like Khandhar (1984) and Bhuvan Shome (1969), he was also awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, India's highest award in filmmaking, in 2005.Recently he got a call from a leading private bank offering him money to make films.\"Money is not a problem for me. The bank said we can fund projects worth upwards of Rs 5 crore. I told them I can make six films with Rs 5 crore,\" Sen said.When asked about his birthday party plans, the nonagenarian said he doesn't celebrate birthdays.\"Birth or death, it is not my business to celebrate. My friends and relatives and others who think of me are there to celebrate if they will. Not me,\" Sen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13128385", "title": "10 shops destroyed in Trichy fire", "text": "TRICHY: In a midnight tragedy, a fire broke out in a commercial complex on NSB road, Trichy and destroyed 10 shops here on Sunday.The fire that broke out in a cell phone shop on the ground floor spread quickly to nearby shops through the live electric wires around 1.30 am. On seeing the smoke, people informed the fire and rescue personnel who rushed to the spot with two fire engines. But the fire could not be brought under control immediately and garments and electrical goods burst into flames.The fire was eventually doused after a two-hour long battle. The total loss due to the fire was estimated at Rs 50 lakh. Initial reports suggested that an electrical short circuit could have caused the fire. Elected representatives including MLA Manoharan visited the spot and enquired about the cause of the accident. Kottai police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13126619", "title": "Courts increase, yet over 15,366 cases on hold for 21 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite government efforts to increase the number of courts, the problem of delayed justice continues to plague the city's legal system. Figures accessed through RTI reveal that 15,366 cases that are 21 years or older were pending before the metropolitan magistrates' courts in the city as on March 31 of this year. Beyond this, the courts were still considering another 47,270 cases that were filed 11 to 20 years ago and a further 74,123 cases that were filed six to 10 years ago.Legal experts and activists blamed the high pendency rate on several reasons, including shortage of judges and defence lawyers' penchant for seeking repeated adjournments. \"Delays occur because the accused, in many cases, are powerful and do not want their cases to come up for trial,\" said former cop-turned-lawyer Y P Singh. \"They manage to get indefinite adjournments.\"Taking cognisance of the problem, the government increased the number of magistrate courts from 68 in 2011 to 75 in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13128687", "title": "PIL challenges legality of BES board which runs Devlali school", "text": "NASHIK: A member of the parents teachers' association has challenged the legality of the board of directors of the Bombay Education Society (BES) which runs Barnes School in Devlali, its decisions regarding the raising of a loan of Rs 12 crore against school property and other issues, through a public interest litigation (PIL), notices of which have been issued to the respondents.Daniel Paul, a resident of Devlali, said in the PIL, \"As per the bye-laws of the memorandum of association of BES and articles of association, there should be at least nine or a maximum of 12 directors on the board, apart from ex-officio ones. Also, the directors can hold the position for not more than three years. There are only three members and R C Woodman, secretary, is holding the post for 14 years. This is illegal and trustees are refusing to abide by the constitution.\"The petitioner claimed that changes to the constitution were sought through an extraordinary general meeting on November 4, 1991, which was illegal. The PIL noted that the objective of BES, established as a charitable institution in 1815, was to provide education to the poor and orphans, while imparting sound education and the doctrines of the Church of North India (CNI) in Republic India. \"BES was given 255 acres by the state government to run a public school for the benefit of the poor and orphans which appears to be defeated as the school charges annual fees of Rs 2.25 lakh per annum,\" Paul pointed out.Alleging that the future of children in both its schools- Barnes School, Devlali, and Christ Church School in Byculla-was dark, Paul said some teachers were not qualified, while others who met the standards were underpaid.The PIL also alleged sexual harassment of teachers, following which some have left their jobs.The management operates with R K White as president, Woodman as secretary and Suresh Daniel as treasurer, it said.Woodman denied the charges and said, \"We will take the legal course to ensure the reputation of the two century-old institution is protected at any cost.\"On the allegation that BES land was mortgaged illegally, he said the trust's property was developed within the limits of the statute and that it was for everybody to see. \"It is absolutely legal. The banks give loans only after completing legal formalities,\" Woodman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13128333", "title": "Spring at Lamgao destroyed, plaint filed against mining company", "text": "KERI: Anti-mining activist Ramesh Gauns has lodged a complaint regarding the destruction of a perennial spring carried out at Lamgao in Bicholim by a mining company, Sesa Goa.Lamgao in Bicholim has become the target of increased mining activities. Ramesh Gauns, a resident of Pazwada, Bicholim, has filed a complaint with deputy collector Levinson Martins on May 8, appealing to stop work carried out by the company which is destroying a spring with perennial flow of water at Lamgao in survey no 25/1 with an area of 3,375sq m.Gauns said, \"The company has carried out mindless destruction of the spring and is also trying to destroy evidence of its existence. The same effort of the company was stopped recently by the high court at Advalpal in Bicholim.\"When TOI contacted Govind Parab, the manager of Sesa Goa, said, \"I am not aware about the complaint regarding the spring at Lamgao.\"Lamgao, etymologically means the village of Lamha, the Buddhist priests. It was once densely forested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "13127139", "title": "2 die in dumper-car collision in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: Two people died when a dumper collided head on with their Santro on Ballabgarh-Sohna Road in Faridabad on Sunday.Two others on the car were injured in the incident that took place when the dumper tried to overtake another vehicle.Vikas, from Navada in Faridabad, and Deep, from Kotla Mubarakpur in Delhi, were declared brought dead at hospital while condition of Pawan and Faim, also from Delhi, are stated to be serious. The driver and the cleaner of dumper managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128642", "title": "Centenary award to be given to path-breaking film every year", "text": "NEW DELHI: To celebrate the 100th year of Indian cinema, the I&B; ministry has instituted a centenary award which will be given to a path-breaking film every year at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa.\"The first centenary award would be given to an Indian or international film for breaking new ground, whether it is in technique, aesthetics or technology, at the IFFI 2012 which will be held in Goa in November this year,\" an official said. The award will carry a cash component of Rs 10 lakh.Films in all categories which participate at IFFI would be eligible for the award.The IFFI already has several award categories like Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress and the jury may also give its own special awards.The centenary award is just one the several initiatives that the I&B; ministry is planning to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13132086", "title": "Indian born Amanda Sodhi wins 'Best Screenplay' award", "text": "Amanda Sodhi recently won her first international award for the 'Best Screenplay' for the internationally acclaimed, feature-film Life! Camera Action... at the 28th Goldie Film Awards 2012 where the film was bestowed with top 9 most popular and special board of directors award received from among hundreds of entries recevied from 42 countries. Produced &amp; Directed by Rohit Gupta, the film has won enormous recognition around the world. Screenwriter, director, lyricist, vocalist, model, journalist, copywriter, Amanda is a woman of many talents, as you will soon find out, when you read through the transcript below.Firstly, congratulations on your first award! You have been nominated twice earlier, so how does it feel to win your first award???It feels awesome since this is the first entertainment-industry related award I have won, that, too, for the first film I worked on. There is always something special about firsts. ??-How did you get to work on Life! Camera Action... Rohit's friend sent out an email thread in 2009 mentioning Rohit is looking for short film scripts and I responded to the email. Before we knew the project went from a short to a feature length film. I had never imagined the film would travel to so many film festivals globally and win so many awards and nominations. Clearly the film has struck a chord with film festival judges, which is awesome.How does the film resonate with you personally? ??How do you feel about the success of Life! Camera Action...???Well, I co-wrote the film so it definitely resonates with me in many ways...too many ways for me to really list out.?? I never imagined the film would do so well and when I wrote it in 2009 I didn't know it would turn into a feature length project. It definitely feels good when your work is affirmed by so many people. It's very interesting to see that Life! Camera Action... would have so many screenings outside of India but not a single one in India. Honestly, the success of the film feels very surreal, and I strongly feel I have a long way to go. I'm still in the struggle period of my career. Nonetheless, Life! Camera Action... and its success has been an excellent launch-pad for me as a writer. I hope the film continues to travel and reach people around the world, and inspire people to follow their dreams, and I also hope that each and every person associated with the film achieves the goals they have set for themselves. ?While working on Life! Camera Action... were you given any specific restrictions for the characters or the plot that you had to work within???No, in fact Rohit gave me complete freedom to submit whatever script I wanted to, so I had no restrictions. Eventually, things did change a bit during the filming-there was a lot of improvisation in terms of the dialogues. The entire scripting process was very unusual and unique-we never had a bound script. We had a complete short film script I had submitted, and the project was tentatively titled The Last Shot . During the actual filming the film ended up becoming longer than expected so we went back and added scenes to expand upon the content as Rohit realized the film had feature length potential. And voila, Life! Camera Action... was born and The Last Shot was a portion within the film.??Can you give some details about how your interest in film developed and in particular your interest in writing for film??I have always been interested in films, and writing has been a form of release for me. I knew since I was a kid that this was the industry I wanted to be a part of... an industry where you take people out of their daily lives and have their undivided attention for a few hours and while taking them into a totally different world. I knew I wanted to be a part of the film and music industry ever since I was a child. I learned Hindi through films. In fact I even learned to read and write in Hindi because of my passion for films. I didn't know when I was a kid that screenplays in Bollywood are also written in English, so I ended up learning to read and write in Hindi (laughs). Writing, filmmaking, music...it all fulfills me very much.??You wrote and directed two short movies recently-The Dance of Death and Through Bloodshot Eyes-how did these develop? How did you approach the process of making??", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13129562", "title": "'Things are not that rosy, but I'm hopeful'", "text": "Mangalore: Saddled with dissidence and the burden of additional portfolios, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda is doing the balancing act trying to pilot the turbulence-hit BJP government till the next polls. Admitting that all is not well in the party, Gowda said his March 24 letter to the central leadership demanding action against five ministers loyal to BS Yeddyurappa is not the issue. \"When individuals are power hungry their aspirations cloud judgment,'' he said. Excerpts from an interview:Do you take the blame for triggering the crisis with your explosive letter to the central leadership?That letter was written in March when there was a severe crisis. It is quite but natural that a chief minister or party president has to bring to the notice of central leaders what's happening in the state. This letter is becoming an issue after two months. In my opinion, the issue is something else.How will you placate the miffed ministers and legislators?That issue will be discussed and resolved by the core committee. Yeddyurappa is a member too. When will you offload the additional portfolios? About ten days ago, I met my party president and seniors in Delhi. I requested them to give the green signal for cabinet expansion saying I was burdened with additional portfolios and that I won't be able to do justice to them. Also, with just a year left for the elections, I may find it difficult to implement the programmes I had announced in the budget. So why the delay?I don't know. They said please wait for a few days and I'm waiting.What portfolios will you retain during the expansion process?I will definitely retain finance and another portfolio, and hand over the rest to my colleagues.Which other portfolio do you want to retain?I'll have to interact with my colleagues and decide. Is the ministry expansion going to be difficult with too many aspirants from different camps?It will be a difficult task as there are more aspirants than berths. But we can have only 34 ministerial berths, including that of mine, so it will be a difficult balancing act.How will the balancing happen? We will try to see everything goes on smoothly with due consultation with all parties involved. If I'm unable to arrive at a decision, I will seek the central leadership's help.How do you propose to take Yeddyurappa and his followers with you as they are upset over your letter?I do concede things are not that rosy. There are few who are not happy with me as Yeddyurappa couldn't be made CM again. It is quite common. I hope that giving priority to them during the cabinet expansion should resolve the issue.With less than a year left for the elections, what are your priorities?For the past 10 months I've tried to bring the administration back on track. My priorities would be to usher in transparency and minimize corruption. This process is on through the Sakaala initiative.In one month, 10 lakh applications were disposed of which speaks volumes of the response. I have started the transparency process from my office and I hope this will percolate downwards. Another priority is to implement the programmes I announced in the budget, which has been appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13128290", "title": "'Attack' Pandi's wife agrees to hand over usurped house", "text": "MADURAI: Facing threat of legal action, the wife of DMK functionary V P Pandi alias 'Attack' Pandi on Sunday agreed to hand over a Rs 2 crore worth house to its rightful owner that was allegedly grabbed by her husband.Police picked up Dhayalu, the wife of Pandi as well as her brother Karunanidhi and Pandi's associate Malik Basha based on a complaint from K Prithiviraj of Villapuram. Prithviraj had said that Pandi, his wife and his associates had grabbed his Rs two crore worth house. However, during interrogation, Dhayalu agreed to hand over the house following which she was let off by the anti-land grab cell sleuths. \"She has given a written statement agreeing to return the house to the rightful owner,\" said a police officer.However, Karunanidhi and Malik Basha were arrested as they had other charges pending against them including alleged intimidation of Prithiviraj.Police said that Prithiviraj, a development officer at LIC had built the three-storeyed house in 2004 after obtaining a loan of Rs 20 lakh from LIC. Two years later, Pandi, identifying himself as a businessman sought Prithiviraj to rent the house to him. Deceived by his words, Prithiviraj rented out one floor of the house to him on a two-year contract. However, Pandi failed to pay the monthly rent of Rs 4500 ever since he occupied the house, but Prithiviraj maintained silence as he deducted the rent from the Rs 50,000 Pandi had paid as advance. After the advance was exhausted, he insisted Pandi to vacate, but the latter refused.In 2008, when Prithiviraj decided to lodge a complaint, Pandi allegedly threatened to murder his family members. Besides, he also demanded transfer of the ownership to him. Later, Pandi chased away the tenants on other floors of the house and occupied the entire building.In July last year, police arrested seven persons in connection with the case including Pandi, but all managed to come out on bail. Recently, Prithiviraj had made a fresh complaint following which Pandi's wife was interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13129220", "title": "Panchayat shuts meat shops for dumping waste in Mavon", "text": "Kozhikode: The Mavoor grama panchayat has closed down three illegal shops selling meat which includes two chicken stalls and one meat shop.The move was taken on the basis of a report submitted by the health inspector at Cheroppa health centre.The health inspector visited the site after local people complained that shop owners were dumping waste at various places in Mavoor town.The panchayat acted after the shop owners failed to take remedial measures even after holding several rounds of talks for the past one-and-half years.The civic body had earlier requested the shop owners to construct waste disposal plant for the disposal of chicken and meat waste.\"It's a warning to all those who violate the panchayat norms. A decision regarding whether to close down the shops permanently will be taken later,\" said C Suresh, president of the Mavoor panchayat.He added that the chances of spreading communicable diseases are very high as the meat stalls function in unhygienic conditions. Last year panchayat had closed down one shop. The grama panchayat, which has 18 wards, has six meat shops in its limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13127893", "title": "At 8, Shaurya punches a silver in Mix Martial Arts World Cup", "text": "A Class II student at R C Jain Dhristi Public School, Shaurya Tuli won silver at the amateur World Cup of full contact fighting Mix Martial Arts (MMA) in New Delhi. He practices at his school under coach Mohammad Ishfaque.Like all other players, even I want to win more medals at international level for my country. I watch karate matches attentively to learn from the international fighters, says the young fighter.His coach Ishfaque says Shaurya has made him proud with his silver medal at the amateur world cup. He has been selected for another international competition to be held in Russia soon, he adds.Shauryas mother Pooja says she is proud of her sons achievement and is hopeful of his better performances in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131858", "title": "Crucial summer for Sony Pictures", "text": "Sony Pictures is all set to launch its biggest summer line-up ever to set off what looks like a major year for Hollywood at the Indian box office.The studio has also announced that the India release of the much-awaited blockbuster The Amazing Spider-Man is being advanced to 29 June so that Indian fans will now watch the film before it releases in the US on 3 July.Sony Pictures' summer line-up starts with Men in Black 3 (releasing worldwide on May 25) going back in time with the original pairing of Will Smith-Tommy Lee Jones and addition of Josh Brolin , followed by a fresh reboot of the Spider-Man franchise, The Amazing Spider-Man (June 29) starring Andrew Garfield , Emma Stone , Rhys Ifans and India's own Irrfan, and ending with a remake of the 1991 blockbuster Total Recall with Colin Farrell , Kate Beckinsale and Jessica Biel (August 2).\"After completing 75 years as a studio in India, 31 of which I have personally been part of, I can say without a doubt that this is our biggest and most exciting line-up ever with tried and tested record-breaking performance at the Indian box office,\" said Kercy Daruwala, Managing Director - Sony Pictures India. \"On the whole, we have an ideal mix of the biggest blockbuster action movies as well as comedy, drama and family films with an arsenal of great directors and top rung stars.\"Commenting on the advance of the release date of The Amazing Spider-Man, he said, \"Each of the Spider-Man franchise films has broken records on its release in this territory. We are very confident that Indian audiences will enjoy the new reboot of the franchise even more because they are watching it before the US and also as this film has an India connect.\"The action doesn't stop with the end of summer. Later in the year, there's Adam Sandler comedy That's My Boy, high octane action film Premium Rush starring Joseph Gordon Levitt , followed by the return of another big franchise with Resident Evil: Retribution (September 14), Here Comes the Boom starring Kevin James and Salma Hayek , and the 3D animated film Hotel Transylvania, voiced by Adam Sandler and teen star Selena Gomez , and directed by cult animation director Genndy Tartakovsky known for such Dexter's Laboratory, Samurai Jack, The Powerpuff Girls.During the fag end of the year, the studio has the 23rd Bond film titled Skyfall (releasing one week before the US in India on November 2) and Sparkle, starring Jordin Sparks and featuring the last film appearance of the late Whitney Houston .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13127705", "title": "Forest department yet to give NOC for traffic via Ghat Ki Ghuni", "text": "JAIPUR: With the forest department unwilling to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for traffic via the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel, the JDA has got another hurdle ahead before completion of the project.The forest department has asked the (JDA) to deposit Rs 14 lakh to get NOC for the project. The Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel project, aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra Road, is being constructed by drilling the Jhalana hills.The JDA, as per the conditions, have to pay Rs 2 crore in lieu of excavated rock. For other works, the JDA has to pay Rs 94 lakh to the forest department.According to forest officials, the JDA has so far paid the Rs 2 crore and another Rs 80 lakh. However, nearly Rs 14 lakh is still remaining.\"The NOC will be provided only after getting the remaining amount. In this regard, the department has written letters many times, however, the payment of remaining amount is not being done,\" said an official.According to JDA sources, authorities will develop the nearby area of the tunnel and plant trees in the area under forest department. A wall to protect wild animals in Jhalana forests will also be constructed and this is the reason the JDA is hesitating to pay extra.Recently, minister for urban development and housing, Shanti Dhariwal, had directed the JDA officials to develop greenery in the area. However, officials said the forest department is responsible to develop the greenery and payment has been made in this regard. Afterwards, directions to coordinate with forest officials and develop the greenery where given to the JDA officials.The JDA is expecting to open the tunnel for commuters in August. According to JDA officials, nearly 90 % of the tunnel work is completed and it will be finished by June 30, 2012. However, for the safe entry and exit, the roads at both the ends have to be widened near Transport Nagar, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13129102", "title": "Group projects, key to less stress", "text": "More than 250 parents from 50 schools in the Capital got an opportunity to interact with Vineet Joshi, CBSE chairman, on issues regarding Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE). Vishakha Sharma reportsContinuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) was introduced by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in 2009. Meant for class IX students , it is intended to ensure overall development of students in terms of knowledge , understanding, application, analysis, evaluation and creativity.About to complete three years, parents feel that CCE has become an additional burden for students. To address parents' concerns, National Progressive School's Conference (NPSC) organised an interactive session between 250 parents from 50 schools in the Capital and Vineet Joshi, chairman CBSE, at Bal Bharati School recently . The session was intended to promote conceptual clarity regarding CCE and strengthen the system further.According to most parents at the session , under CCE, children are being loaded with far too many projects, thus making it impossible for them to complete them. Further , they said, in a rush to complete it, they either resort to copying from the internet or turn to parents for help. \"What is the point of assigning students so many projects when they do not even get sufficient time to complete them?\" asked a parent.In response to the issue, Joshi clarified that project work is important for every subject. He added that the board has not set any specific number of projects to be assigned to students. \"The burden can be reduced by schools by encouraging students to work on projects in teams or in groups,\" he said.Other issues raised by parents included acceptability of school-based assessment, authenticity in formative assessments, etc. Responding to these concerns, Joshi said, \"School based assessments (formative as well as summative) are an integral component of CCE. These assessments need to be done throughout the year as an intrinsic part of the curriculum. These assessments need to done during school hours and should not be assigned as an exercise or project to be completed at home.\"Joshi emphasised that, CCE is aimed at competing with oneself rather than competing with others. It aims to promote teamwork as that leads to greater success. Self-improvement is important, but improving self for the improvement of the society is more important, he reiterated.Also, 30 parent-advocates were appointed by the CBSE from among parents present at the session.They were informed about the CBSE's new evaluation system. CBSE has started quality-checking in all its schools. More than 10 schools have been identified as part of the pilot project. The process of quality-checking has already begun in these schools.Joshi said, \"The board is sourcing assistance from external agencies, which will work on the quality-assessment and accreditation scheme. They will evaluate the standards of various CBSE schools before submitting their report to the board.\"Some of the parameters include classroom-teaching , human resources, infrastructure , management, administration, students' success, leadership quality, health and safety, faculty, sports services and academic calendar, among others.\"Schools will be judged on the basis of each of these parameters. They will be required to attain a minimum of 50% marks on each parameter . Schools with an aggregate of 75% will be awarded certificates by the board,\" said Joshi. &gt;Classroom FactsCCE is aimed at holistic learning school based Assessments are an integral component of CCE Assessments to be done throughout the year as an intrinsic part of the curriculum The board has now initiated the creation of a group of volunteers as parent advocates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13133789", "title": "Arundhathi is back", "text": "Actress Arundathi, who made a foray into Tamil filmdom with S A Chandrashekar's Veluthu Kattu, is back with her hands full.She hogged all limelight playing a village girl in Veluthu Kattuand followed it up with an average outing in Bodinayakanur Ganesan.She has signed a few offers including Brahma's Sundattam with Irfan of Pattalam fame) and is one of the heroines in Koothu with Vimal.Also, she has bagged a role in V Sekar's Saravana Poigai in which she plays a girl settled in Malaysia. Arundhathi says, ' all my forthcoming films has a strong role for me. I am confident that I can leave my mark doing such varied roles'.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13128558", "title": "Karunanidhi recalls Patnaik\u2019s hand to bridge rift in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The erstwhile Odisha chief minister Biju Patnaik, had in 1979 almost pulled off a merger of the DMK and the ADMK floated by Tamil matinee idol M G Ramachandran , according to DMK chief M Karunanidhi .In a letter addressed to party cadres two days after Tamil Nadu chief minister and MGR protege J Jayalalithaa described Biju Patnaik as a \"father figure\" during the Odisha Day celebrations at the Madras University where she shared the dais with current Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik, Karunanidhi recalled his own proximity to the latter. In a meeting for the DMK and ADMK leaders arranged by Biju Patnaik at the state guesthouse in Chennai in mid-September 1979, Karunanidhi said MGR had accepted the merger formula wherein the unified party would be named DMK while the ADMK flag would be retained.Biju Patnaik took the initiative, as a planned meeting between MGR and Indira Gandhi on September 6 that year did not happen, with media reports attributing this to the ADMK chief's confusion after he was apparently told by then caretaker Prime Minister Charan Singh that if he allied with the Indira Congress , he would have to pull out two cabinet ministers from the government.Karunanidhi recounted that on the same evening Biju called him and asked for an appointment to discuss an important issue. \"Biju came on September 12, 1979 and discussed the merger issue with me in detail. After the discussion I had put a few conditions for the merger. We had accepted MGR to continue as chief minister. MGR had okayed the merger formula wherein the unified party would be named DMK and the ADMK flag retained,\" Karunanidhi said.The DMK patriarch also said that at a private meeting he had with MGR, the latter told him that the general councils of the respective parties shall meet on the same day in different places to decide about the merger. However, at a public meeting in Vellore the very next day, MGR not only made no mention of the proposed merger, but the DMK came under attack from his own ministers in his presence.\"It is not known what happened between the interaction (between him and MGR) and the Vellore public meeting. After that the merger proposal did not materialize,\" he said, adding, he had conveyed to Patnaik that the remarks made by MGR and AIADMK ministers at Vellore did not ensure a conducive atmosphere for a merger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13131191", "title": "Nepal plane crash: 11 Indians among 15 dead", "text": "KATHMANDU: Fifteen people including eleven Indian pilgrims were killed when a private plane crashed after hitting a hill top while trying to land at the high-altitude Jomsom airport in Nepal on Monday.Eleven Indian nationals, two Danish nationals and two Nepalese crew member were killed in the crash. The rescuers have so far recovered nine bodies from the wreckage. Six people on board, including a crew member and five Indians, have been rescued alive from the crash site.9N AIG Agni Air plane, flying from Pokhara was about to land at Jomsom airport when it crashed with 21 persons, including 3 crew members on board. \"The accident happened less than one mile from the airport,\" Purusottam Shakya of the air traffic control said.The high-altitude Jomsom airport, about 200 km northwest of the capital, is the gateway to Muktinath temple, a popular pilgrimage for Nepalis and Indians. The temple, situated more than 2,600 m above sea level, is about six hours walk from Jomsom.According to the press release issued by the Indian embassy in Nepal, of the 18 passengers, 16 were Indians. Six people were rescued alive from the crash, out of which 3 were Indian nationals. These include Tirumala Kidambi Sreekanth, Tirumala Kidambi Sreevardhini and Tirumala Kidambi Sreepada and are undergoing treatment at Manipal Hospital in Pokhara. The others 13 Indians are feared dead.The Indian embassy is in close contact with the Nepalese authorities and are helping in the search and relief operation.The embassy has set up a control room for assistance. The numbers are 00-977-1-4423702 00-977-1-4410900, extn.4109, 00-977-1-4411699, extn. 4109.Meanwhile, a Nepal Army chopper has left for Jomsom to bring the mortal remains of the deceased to Kathmandu.India sets up helplines to convey info about Nepal plane crashIndia has set up round-the-clock helplines in its embassy in Kathmandu to provide information on the air crash in Nepal in which seven Indians are among 13 passengers killed.According to official sources, External Affairs Minister S M Krishna was \"directly\" in touch with country's Ambassador to Nepal.\"I am deeply saddened to hear about the tragic air crash that occurred earlier this morning near Jomsong airport in Nepal. I would like to convey my deep condolences to the families of all those who have lost their lives in this accident. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of all those who have lost their near and dear ones,\" the minister said in a message.Carrying 21 people, the Dornier aircraft belonging to the Agni Air crashed when it hit a hilltop near Pokhara while returning to the Jomsom airport, killing 13 passengers.Eight people on board, including the three crew members and four Indians, have been rescued alive from the crash site, said an official at the Rescue Coordination Committee of Tribhuvan International Airport.The injured people were taken to a nearby hospital in Pokhara where conditions of the four Indians were critical. (Input from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13128661", "title": "India caught napping on changes in drug dosage", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has been caught sleeping when it comes to monitoring changes in drug dosage - a change that can put a patient's life at risk.Globally, several drugs are undergoing changes - both in its ingredients and dosage regimens, leading to alterations in authorized monographs (prescribing information and safety guidelines). However when the parliamentary standing committee recently asked the Union health ministry to give details of changes in the prescribing information on drugs sold in India in the year 2009 and 2010, the ministry submitted a list of just 14 products, that too manufactured only by multinational companies (MNCs).During the same period, the World Health Organisation (WHO) in its publicly available Bulletin gave information on changes in 274 medicines while USFDA and British MHRA ordered changes in over 500 drugs.One of the conditions while approving drugs is obligation on the part of manufacturers to intimate all changes in efficacy, safety, dosage and side effects that may take place globally.Apparently \"manufacturers are not submitting such vital information to India,\" said the parliamentary standing committee on health in its scathing report on the functioning of the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) that was placed in the Rajya Sabha.\"Based on inputs from drug regulatory authorities in different countries, rapid changes are taking place in the dosage, safety, efficacy and precautions of currently approved drugs. To protect patients, it is vital that approved prescribing information is updated and amended as soon as new information is received,\" the committee said.The committee explained with the example of the drug Modafinil. \"It was not earlier known that the drug Modafinil can cause serious skin reactions, that concurrent use of two anti hypertensive agents, Telmisartan with Ramipril is risky,\" it added.The committee also said not submitting information to the CDSCO was violation of rules as companies continue to use outdated information in their promotion, label, package and inserts. \"Naturally patients are suffering. CDSCO also failed in its statutory duty of enforcing laws and penalizing those who did not comply with rules on updation of information. Unless information on marketed drugs is continuously updated, there is risk of irrational or inappropriate use of medicines putting patients at risk. The Committee, therefore, recommends that immediate steps need to be taken to address this issue. The CDSCO should be directed to continuously update monographs based on information from regulatory authorities the world over,\" the committee headed by Brajesh Pathak said.On an average (year 2005-2009), 1,600 applications of various categories of new drugs, including biologicals were received by the drug controller general of India in a year. These applications included new drugs to be introduced for the first time in the country, subsequent applications of new drugs already approved by CDSCO, modified or new claims of approved drugs, namely, indications and dosage forms and new Fixed-Dose Combinations (FDCs) of two or more drugs.There is at present no statutory time lines prescribed for processing of new drug applications under Drugs and Cosmetics Act and Rules. The committee said it was informed that the CDSCO had set 45 days as the deadline for the first response. No time schedule for final disposal is prescribed as it may vary from drug to drug.The committee also expressed shock to know that there was no permanent panel of medical experts attached with the CDSCO. However, two expert committees, namely, Investigational New Drug (IND) Committee and Cellular Biology-based Therapeutic Drug Evaluation Committee had been set up by the ministry to advice the DCGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131009", "title": "Anil Kapoor beats Demi Moore!", "text": "Kapoor's documentary on human trafficking in India won the gold award at a prestigious event in New York, with Moore's coming a close secondAnil Kapoor , is an ambassador for The Freedom Project, an organisation working to eradicate slavery and human trafficking. A documentary which was made to create awareness about human trafficking in India, called Trapped By Tradition, recently won the Gold Prize in the Cultural Issues category at the New York Festival's International TV and Film Awards 2012. The silver prize went to a documentary by Hollywood actress Demi Moore , which focussed on trafficking in Nepal. Other global ambassadors there included singer Peter Gabriel , Latin superstar Ricky Martin and actor Ashton Kutcher. Talking about the win, Anil says, \"The awareness generated through such documentaries is important for combating this serious global issue.\" Anil plays it cool while talking about taking home the prize over Hollywood biggies like Moore and Ricky Martin. \"The intent for all of us was the same - to create awareness about the issue of modern-day slavery throughout the world. The focus was never about getting an award; it was about spreading awareness; 2,000 women have already been rescued from modern-day slavery (directly or indirectly) as a result of this initiative,\" he says.What has touched Anil most are his experiences while filming. \"The plight of these young girls and women was shocking. It was unreal that something like this is happening in the modern world; that human slavery still exists. It was very moving to visit villages and interact with the villagers. The documentary brings to light the existence of this village and creates awareness that part of our society still believes in this tradition and that we let it exist. The Freedom Project was a global initiative and my role was to shed light on aspects of what happens in India. I initiated and hosted this documentary with the help of the NGO PLAN India,\" he adds.Has he seen the other documentaries? \"I haven't had a chance to view the other two winning documentaries, including the one by Demi Moore, but I've heard they're incredibly moving.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-14"}
