{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16373800", "title": "2007 WC exploits still give Joginder goosebumps", "text": "MUMBAI: Rewind to 2007. The first edition of the Twenty20 World Cup in South Africa, and India pitted against cross-border rivals Pakistan in the final. Cut to the 20th over; Pakistan needing 13 runs from six deliveries. India skipper MS Dhoni was in a confused state, whether to go by the experience of Harbhajan Singh , who still had an over left, or to gamble on a medium pacer new to such a situation.A bad decision would have cost India the trophy. Taking into account the way Misbah-ul-Haq had hammered Harbhajan for three sixes in his previous over (17th), Dhoni threw the ball to Joginder Sharma . He started with a wide, then a dot ball. Now, 12 needed from five balls. The Haryana pacer bowls a full toss next, and Misbah gleefully pounds it over the bowler's head for a six. The equation: 6 from 4 balls. Had Dhoni erred big time?At the other end, Joginder was calm. The next ball was fuller on the stumps and, much to everyone's surprise, Misbah went for a scoop only to land safely in S Sreesanth's hands at short fine-leg. India were the T20 world champions!Many had debated Dhoni's decision, but the captain always knew what he was doing.Suddenly, Joginder had become India's most unlikely hero. He has not played another game for India since, but was picked up by the Chennai Super Kings in the IPL for his feat. The 28-year-old still gets goosebumps when he recounts that moment. \"It will remain the biggest tournament of my life and I am happy to have contributed in the team's triumph. The last over is clearly etched in my memory and I still feel the tension, and the crowd going berserk, even after so many years,\" Joginder told TOI.\"It was my first World Cup. I had no idea how I will perform. I was clear on one thing though -- I have to concentrate on the basics and the rest will follow. I was confident to give it my best shot, the way I had done for my Ranji side,\" he added.The Rohtak lad's friendship with Dhoni goes back to 2002, the year he made his first-class debut for Haryana. Interestingly, both made their ODI debuts at the same time, against Bangladesh at Chittagong in 2004.\"I was playing for Haryana and MSD for Bihar. It was my second match. He had told me then that he liked my bowling. Many years later he told me that the 2002 Ranji game had made him think of me playing for India in future,\" he recalled.Asked how he saw Dhoni mature as a skipper from the inaugural World T20 to playing under him for CSK, Joginder said: \"He is a talented batsman and a great finisher. He stays cool whatever the situation. He is always positive, and that reflects in his decision making.\"Asked about India's chances at the upcoming World T20, he said: \"We have been kings in sub-continental conditions and I have no doubt about the team at least reaching the final. Our spinners will get decent turn on Sri Lankan pitches and with players like Virat (Kohli) and Ashwin in form, I am sure we will do well.\" Post his 2007 exploits, Joginder has had a continuous tryst with injuries. A knee injury late in 2007, followed by a painful ankle and shoulder surgery in 2008. Last year he suffered serious head injuries following a road accident in Delhi.It will remain the biggest tournament of my life and I am happy to have contributed in the team's triumph. The last over is clearly etched in my memory and I still feel the tension, and the crowd going berserk, after so many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376758", "title": "Tribal cries foul over cowshed demolition in Sanguem", "text": "PANAJI: A tribal man from Sanguem complained to the Human Rights Commission , Panaji, that his 50-year-old cowshed in Rivona was demolished.In his letter dated September 11, Harishchandra Bondoikar stated that the son of his landlord, a resident of Zambaulim in Sanguem, along with some labourers demolished his cowshed on the morning of September 10. He said three cattle were tied in the cowshed at the time of the incident. The cowshed was standing on a laterite stone pillar and was covered with coconut thatches, he said.He also stated in his complaint that the accused threatened to kill him if he attempted to stop the demolition.Bondoikar has also written a complaint to the Quepem police station demanding action against the accused under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act as well as under Indian Penal Code.Bondoikar was accompanied by activists Seby Rodrigues and Rama Velip while filing his complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375643", "title": "Sanction for home platform on railway station's eastern side", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railway headquarters has approved proposal for the home platform on the eastern side of the Nagpur Railway station, said divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit. Home platform is one from where passengers have direct access to the station and don't have to use bridges to enter or exit it. Presently, platform number one is Nagpur's only home platform.At present, the railway station has seven platforms. This eighth home platform will be used by trains originating and terminating at Nagpur. \"Trains using this platform will come on the main line only after Ajni, which will reduce the time required to cover this distance,\" informed Dixit.Dixit said the central railway is also gearing up to manage passengers rush for the upcoming festival season. Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM), CR, Sumant Deulkar, added, \"After monitoring the reservation patterns we have sent to the headquarters a list of special trains needed during festivals. In my knowledge, this is for the first time the division has sent such requirement.\"Dixit added the schedules of these special trains and information regarding reservations will be made public well in advance.Also, a new waiting hall with a capacity of 75 seats will be complete within a month. Besides, the CR is trying to find out how the Maharaja Retiring rooms can be more affordable. \"We have introduced a double-decker bed. The upper bed will cost Rs100 per 12 hours while the lower will cost Rs200. Currently, we are charging Rs240 per bed. If we get a good response, we will introduce more such beds,\" said Dixit.Dixit also said that with the coaching complex at Ajni, CR now had the prerequisites to run more trains, including a Duronto to Delhi. CR will also be making identity cards with rate charts compulsory for coolies from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378515", "title": "BTAD teachers give a lesson in humanity", "text": "GUWAHATI: In the violence-affected Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) area, there are some Good Samaritans who have shown through their actions that the allegiance to humanity transcends religious and community divides.Kutubuddin Ali Ahmed, a BA student, would perhaps have been dead had his Bodo teachers not come to his rescue when he was attacked by miscreants while attending a class at a college in Kokrajhar on Tuesday.A group of boys asked him to step out of the classroom, demanded his identity card and started beating him up without any provocation, explained Kutubuddin. \"I would have been killed if my teachers had not come to my rescue. They put me in the safety of a room and then they called the police. But by the time the police came, the miscreants had fled the scene. I am grateful to my teachers for saving my life. They not only freed me from the clutches of the miscreants, but also informed the district administration about the attack,\" he said.Kutubuddin's teachers, however, feel they only did their duty and would have done the same for any student whose life was in danger, irrespective of which religion or community he or she belonged to. The Bodo teachers requested TOI not to publish their names and the name of the college, citing security reasons.\"What happened really shook us up. We are also guardians of the students and it is our duty to ensure they remain safe while in our care. We did our best to save the student from the mob that was after him,\" a teacher said.The teachers added that the situation in BTAD has started improving and students would be able to attend classes without any hindrance.But Char Chapori Sahitya Parishad president Hafiz Ahmed said the attack on Kutubuddin has brought to the fore the vulnerability of students from the minority community who are while pursuing their studies in BTAD.\"Along with Kutubuddin, a Class X student named Mahmudul Paramanik and a Class IX student, Ashaf Ali Akand, were also attacked by miscreants in other parts of Kokrajhar on Tuesday. If such attacks continue, then it will be very difficult for students from minority community to resume their classes in BTAD,\" Ahmed said.The All Assam Minority Students Union (Aamsu) recently asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi to facilitate the students from the minority community studying at Bodoland University and at Central Institute of Technology in Kokrajhar to attend classes in Gauhati University and engineering colleges in other parts of the state because of the violence in BTAD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16379174", "title": "Yashwant Sinha launches drive to beautify Hazaribag lake", "text": "HAZARIBAG: BJP MP Yashwant Sinha on Wednesday launched the beautification drive of the old Chhath Lake where thousands of devotees have been offering their prayers for the past 200 years.The work has been taken up by the NTPC coal minining project which has taken the responsibility of cleaning up the lake and its surroundings for regaining its old glory. Sinha criticized the people of the area for dumping wastes near the water body which not only polluted the environment but also invited infections.\"It is not possible for the NTPC or the MP to keep the town and lake clean unless the people change their mindset and attitude without which no development of this town will take place,\" he said. \"I have made several attempts earlier to keep the city clean and free from filth but every time the people, despite all assurances, have failed to discharge their duties.\" The former Union minister cited the examples of how Delhiites were cooperating with the administration to keep the city clean.He announced that soon the construction of new roads and drains would begin for the convenience of people. The NTPC will spend about Rs 20 lakh on beautification of the lake and will hand it over to the people just before the festival, BK Upadhya, the general manager of the NTPC coal mining project, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16379610", "title": "Kolkata school principal tops list of national awardees from West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: For years, the people of the South 24 Parganas saw this lady walking miles, offering scientific explanations to villagers for their superstitions. As Sharmishtha Bhattacharya received her national award from President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday (Teacher's Day), a large number of villages were celebrating. And there were several village households where the women were especially jubiliant. For, she is their messaih, who had taught them the meaning of nutrition and how by making small changes in their dietary patterns, they could overcome anaemia, bone diseases and malnutrition, which bog Indian women.The state school education department listed Bhattacharya's name right on top of the chart based on merit. There were seven heads of secondary and higher secondary schools who were shorlisted for the award, based on merit. Apart from Bhattacharya, the other teacher who was selected from the city for the award was, Shukla Roy, head of Bethune Collegiate School.Bhattacharya is head of Ananda Ashram, a secondary school for girls in the Naktala area of the city. She has been teaching for over three decades now. Apart from her science based movements, of which the school was an integral part, Bhattacharya also started a project whereby teaching-learning would be conducted in a completely different way. English for example was taught through drama, music and recitation. Similarly, history, geography or science are never taught in this school only from the textbook. Children are made to \"live the experiments\", visit museums and libraries, made to see topical films and documentaries, prepare projects and then made to go through textbooks. \"We teach concepts in our school and do not depend on transfer of learning from teacher to student. No student is encouraged to read the textbook, till she has moved about, collected information and has prepared a concept note for herself. The teacher then teaches the chapter in class and clarifies all doubts,\" explained Bhattacharya.Every student's household is involved in the teaching-learning process of the school. Thus, grandparents are often called in to lecture children on their native wisdom. They come in and talk about medicinal plants for example in a life science class. \"In the olden times common plants like harjora, a shrub was used to join broken bones, nayantara similarly was used to lower blood sugar and marigold leaves were used to stop oozing of blood. That way children develop a natural curiosity towards plant life,\" said Bhattacharya, explaining her innovation in classroom teaching in school.Similarly in the nutrition class, girls were taught how to calculate theit BMI and make a list of their weekly menu at home. \"We found that most of the girls were under nourished because of the kind of food they eat daily. Gradually deficiencies develop. We have taught girls that a little change can fgo a long way. Like not cooking rice in open pans and then throwing away the water. Instead rice should be cooked in pressure cookers. Also, a lot of protein requirements can be met from eating soaked grams, while the whey of curd or cottage cheese can provide mineral and vitamin requirements!\" Bhattacharya said. The households of the girls have been involved in such classes so that the senior women can incorporate such changes in their diet,\" Bhattacharya added. The school has become the nodal centre that is keeping a tab on whether the nutritional status is improving thus.Bhattacharya has been associated with the Science Communicators' Forum and the Children's Science Congress and has been the key person to take science to the villages of South 24 Parganas. Supernatural superstitions related to aleya have been explained by phosphorus glowing in the dark, witch doctors beating up people in their bid to save them from spells have been interpreted as epilepsy etc.\"I am extremely happy that my work has been noticed by the state, so much so that I was recommended for the national award,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "saeed mirza was in gumla to shoot for his serial 'yeh hai india meri jaan'. toi's k a gupta caught up with the veteran film producer, director, scriptwriter and author", "code": "16379010", "title": "Missionaries, RSS, Maoists - you'll find them all in Gumla: Saeed Mirza", "text": "Saeed Mirza was in Gumla to shoot for his serial 'Yeh Hai India Meri Jaan'. TOI's K A Gupta caught up with the veteran film producer, director, scriptwriter and author:Q: What led you to zero in on a small town like Gumla for the shoot?A: After we wound up the shooting schedule in Dumka and Dhanbad, we wanted to take up the life of tribals. While scouting for a location, we were told that Gumla is a tribal-dominated district, ridden with left-wing extremism. So we decided to come here. A poultry cooperative manned by tribal women at Silam village was a very interesting case of rural women entrepreneurship. We've filmed that.How has the experience been so far?The people here are very simple. They know each other, something that's completely absent in big cities. In fact, the other day I saw a man suddenly stop his bike to offer a lift to another person without the other person asking him to do so. It was reassuring to know that such little acts of kindness, which people of big cities have forgotten, still exist.What is your observation about this district?Missionaries, RSS and naxalites - you'll find everything here. Missionaries have played a big role in the field of education not only in tribal areas but also in big cities across the country. RSS associated educational institutions have also come up in remote and tribal areas in the country. Naxalites are active in several pockets including Gumla. But all of them have a focussed area of operation.You live in Goa and work in Mumbai. Why do you think BJP succeeded in getting seven MLAs from the Christian community in the last assembly elections there?Both Congress and BJP display similar characteristics in the game of power politics. It does not matter with whom you side eventually. The political developments that took place was simply a matter of chance.You made 'Fifty Years of India's independence'. Is it true that whatever was missing in that would be covered in 'Yeh Hai India Meri Jan?'Yes, that's right. I want to present India of the 'aam admi' in my film. I am trying to mix fact with fiction in the serial for which a big crew of 30 members have been travelling since June.Are you a leftist ?No. The leftist in the country have strayed from their ideology. When I was only 12 years old, I saw a wide gap between the haves and have-nots in Mumbai. If there is a God, this disparity would not have existed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "16376599", "title": "Scarred by violence, they still live in perpetual fear", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: A year after violence rocked the sleepy town of Gopalgarh killing 10 persons and injuring 38, fear continues to grip the residents of the villages here.Despite the administration putting into effect Section 144 in the area, the members of Gujjar community, supported by the BJP, want to hold a 'sadbhavana march' and the Meos a function to remember those killed in the violence.Police have been deployed and movement of those from nearby areas such as Paharai, Ladmkha, and Kaman has been restricted.\"We have deployed 11 companies of Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC), six of Central Reserve police force ( CRPF), four of Rapid Action Force ( RAF). The border of nearby states including Haryana and Uttar Pradesh have been sealed to check any law and order situation,\" said Anshuman Bhomia, SP, Bharatpur.The SP along with other officers met the Gujjars and Meo Muslims urging them to maintain peace ahead of the first anniversary of the violence on September 14.The fissures between the two groups, however, have not been mended yet. Some Gujjars have migrated to other parts of the state after the business dwindled as many Meos stopped buying grocery and other items from their shops.\"A year after the incident, we are living in fear. The members of Meo community are not on talking terms with us and several traders have migrated from the place,\" said Brahmanand Shastri, a resident of Gopalgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377973", "title": "Scientists stress on more focus on fish products", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Fish should be utilized for making edible products; this would generate employment and become a source of income for underprivileged section, especially women , said AF Rizvi, scientist at the Institute of Applied Sciences Allahabad (IASc). He was delivering a lecture on \"Fish product development from under exploited fish of Allahabad water\" organised jointly by the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore, Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi, National Academy of Sciences India, Allahabad and AU zoology department.Niraj Kumar of NASI spoke on the fisheries and highlighted the relevance of miscellaneous fish of Allahabad water in making fish products and utilising them; especially during the lean period when these fish are not available.Prof UC Srivastava said fish is the best source of protein and can compensate for protein deficiency, if consumed regularly. KP Singh from AU zoology department said fish can be saved from being extinct by proper management of fishes and can be properly utilized for making products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375435", "title": "Mahesh Yenkie is varsity's new pro-VC", "text": "NAGPUR: It took Nagpur University nearly two years to get a pro-vice chancellor. However, a series of paper leaks, including the sensational BCCA, exposed by TOI on April 22, followed by a host of scams, changed the scenario.After stern directives from chancellor K Sankaranarayanan, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal finally recommended four names for the statutory post during his visit to Raj Bhavan last week.After interviews on Wednesday morning, the chancellor put a stamp on former registrar and LIT director Maheshkumar Yenkie's name along with that of Ashok Bhoite (Shivaji University, Kolhapur) for the coveted post.Academic circles in Nagpur were already abuzz with Yenkie getting the top post after he unexpectedly skipped Monday's interview for the post of registrar.Even NU officials were more or less sure of his appointment considering his academic qualifications, rich experience and more importantly, his close association with Sapkal who was once his student in LIT. The duo worked in tandem to tackle the initial tumultuous period when none of the statutory bodies were in existence.Though Yenkie was the overwhelming favourite, the other candidates, including ex-controller of examinations (COE) Siddarth Kane also made all out efforts to bag the post.However, Yenkie's transparent handling of the varsity polls despite being under tremendous pressure from political groups, his prompt action in lodging a police complaint in Wardha's Agnihotri College exam racket and his ambitious plans of converting LIT into a 'School of Engineering' tilted the balance in his favour.NU, with the highest number of colleges (over 800), was functioning without a full-time pro-VC since Gaurishankar Parasher demitted the post on July 14, 2010 along with the then VC SN Pathan.BCUD director Arvind Chaudhary had a brief stint when divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy was given additional charge of VC for six months until Sapkal took over on December 22, 2010. Yenkie's term will also end with that of Sapkal's on December 21, 2015, which means he has just over three years to prove his mettle, sources informed.'I want to improve the system to prevent paper leaks'Even before assuming charge, newly-appointed pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie already has an agenda in mind. He feels that the question paper distribution system and collection of answer-sheets have some loopholes which need to be plugged. \"My priority will be to improve the system so that incidents like paper leaks and the Agnihotri College racket are not repeated. The Agnihotri case happened as answer-sheets were not collected on the same day. We will try to collect answer-sheets within 24 hours,\" he told TOI.Yenkie is however aware of huge challenges ahead. To streamline the system, he plans to work in tandem with VC Vilas Sapkal and newly-appointed COE Vilas Ramteke. \"Computerization and filing up of all vacant posts will be a priority. We will take the help of our Academic Staff College to train the exam section staff,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16376917", "title": "Mithun killer was also held for rape", "text": "Ponda: An investigation by the Ponda police has revealed that Babu Mohar Ali, 23, a native of Shonatpur-Kalgachia in Assam who has been arrested for allegedly killing Mithun Das, 22, also a native of Assam on Sunday, was arrested by the Assam police on charges of rape, prior to coming Goa.\"We are verifying this and have sought information from our Assam counterparts,\" Ponda PI Jivba Dalvi told TOI.The police had arrested Ali on Tuesday in the Kundaim murder case. The Ponda judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) has remanded the accused to five days of police custody. The police said the accused clarified that continuous attempts by the deceased to retrieve his borrowed money was the reason behind the crime. The Ponda police revealed that the victim used to often call up the accused's wife and this irked Ali. In light of this, the police are interrogating Ali to ascertain if there was any other reason behind the murder of Das, Dalvi said.The police registered a case of murder against Ali under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The police have also informed Das's family in Assam and his father is supposed to come Goa to take custody of the body this week, Dalvi said, adding that the body has been preserved at the morgue of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim after conducting an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375154", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee plans 'Dandi March' like agitation for Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC), which is gearing up to re-launch the separate state movement, has set September 30 as the deadline for the Centre to announce the formation of Telangana failing which it threatened to launch an agitation on the lines of the 'Dandi March' undertaken by Mahatma Gandhi during the Independence struggle.According to sources, the Telangana activists are also mulling launching another 'Sakala Janula Samme' as part of the programmes to intensify the movement. These decisions were taken at a meeting on Wednesday of JAC units including TNGO (Telangana Non-Gezzetted Officers), TGO (Telangana Government Officers) , and Students JAC held to chalk out the protest plans in the wake of 'Chalo Hyderabad' scheduled for September 30. While commemorating September 13, when 'Sakala Janula Sammme' was launched last year, some of the activists suggested re-launching the agitation with the same name.\"Various aspects and possibilities were discussed and we decided to give an ultimatum to the Centre. If nothing on Telangana comes out within September 30, we will launch the agitation on the lines of Dandi March,\" said M Kodandaram, chairman of T-JAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377119", "title": "Writers' headcount to relocate excess staff", "text": "KOLKATA: Taking a break from populist politics, the Mamata Banerjee government has decided to tread the path taken by former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. Bhattacharjee had earlier tried to ascertain the exact staff strength at Writers' Buildings. Though he had to give into pressure from the Left-backed Coordination Committee, the Trinamool Congress government has decided to take stock of the work force at the state secretariat before embarking on fresh recruitments.Taking a break from populist politics, the Mamata Banerjee government dares to tread the path that her predecessor Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee but succumbed under pressure from the Left-backed Coordination Committee.While the chief minister has been touting her government's creating permanent job opportunities, the government has started a stock taking of the work force at Writers' Buildings before fresh recruitment make the government bleed further.State finance secretary H K Dwivedi, through a notification (Fs-114/2012) on August 29, has asked the officials of the personnel and administrative reforms (P&AR;) to furnish a status report on the number of sanctioned posts, existing strength, and the projected vacancies as on March 31, 2012.The purpose is to relocate excess staff in one unit to others that do not have adequate people. This will not only rationalise the staff pattern but also immunise government staffers from the pulls and pushes of unions that used to exert their influence on such matters during the Left regime.In 2002, the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government had taken this initiative and tried to ascertain the exact staff strength in departments. But few departments bothered to comply with the government directive despite repeated reminders from chief secretary Sourin Ray even as the Left-backed Coordination Committee went hammer and tongs against the move.However, this time, the government isn't yielding. The finance department has already set the deadline for all regional and district offices placed under the P &amp; AR department to submit the data by Friday, failing which they might face punitive action.Recruitment to the vacant posts against the sanctioned strength may be carried out from time to time through the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) as has been laid down under the West Bengal Staff Selection Commission Act, 2011. The state government in the meantime has denotified certain Group-B and Group-C posts from the purview of Public Service Commission (PSC).Dwivedi has already conveyed to the P &amp; AR department that the government has \"decided to fill up certain number of vacant posts for Lower Division Assistant(LDA)/Lower Division Clerk (LDC) through SSC.\"The finance secretary has also asked for the vacancy position for posts under the Public Service Commission.The finance department has provided an e-format to facilitate the compliance process. The elaborate format comprises seven separate columns to be filled up by regional and district offices specifying the category of posts, name of the regional/ district office, sanctioned strength, existing strength, number of vacant posts, number of posts recommended to be filled up and remarks from the administrative units concerned.\"This is a pilot project. We need to extend this exercise to all departments to get a full picture of the existing staff position. We can detect discrepancies, if any,\" a finance department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376338", "title": "Untold story of Japanese soldiers", "text": "In March 1944, the Japanese 15th Army under Lt Gen Renya Mutaguchi mounted a full-scale invasion on India via Manipur and Nagaland. Under the 'U-Go Offensive', these troops reached the gates of Imphal and Kohima, and it appeared it would not be long before they reached the Brahmaputra Valley. Only one force stood in its way \u2014 the British Indian Army. In the battle, the Japanese suffered immense losses. Over 60,000 lay dead, with the defenders losing 13,500 men. By July, the Japanese had retreated to Burma. But some decided to stay back. Now 68 years on, a Manipuri film is set to highlight this aspect of the Great War.Mohen Naorem's My Japanese Niece traces the journey of discovery of a Japanese woman, Asada, who comes to Manipur to pay homage to her uncle who was presumed dead in that campaign. Here, she learns about an old man who resembled her lost uncle, but who had died a few months earlier. She discovers many unpublished letters and diaries elaborating the trials and tribulations of the Japanese soldiers in India. Historically, the theory that Manipuris liked and helped the Japanese has surfaced for the first time. \"Japanese soldiers of WWII have always been depicted as savage people committing atrocities on the conquered. But from whatever information we could glean from people who lived to tell the tale of that invasion, we learnt the troops were nice to locals. We thought it fair to show the other side,\" says Naorem, the director of this Indo-Japanese venture that will be shot in 35mm.Of course, that would cost Naorem a fortune \u2014 Rs 1 crore \u2014 but would also credit him with making the most expensive Manipuri film ever. Naorem says the idea germinated when the March 2011 quake in Japan saw a flurry of relief activity in Manipur. \"Our people's emotional connection with the Japanese came out in the open then. We started a Facebook community to raise funds. That promoted interaction with the Japanese. Then in January this year, a Japanese team came to Assam to exhume the remains of 11 Japanese soldiers killed in WWII. That bolstered my idea for a movie,\" he says.But given the dismal record of period films in India in recent years, Naorem isn't hopeful of doing brisk business. \"I'm looking at the international market, especially South-East Asia, as the cast comprises Japanese, Korean and Chinese artistes. I will dub the film into Japanese and English.\"London-based Japanese actor Junichi Kajioka will play the role of the lost soldier, while Osaka-based actor Yu Asada will play the eponymous niece. But why a Manipuri film? \"War films tend to portray Japanese soldiers as ruthless killers. It is more difficult to show the humane side of soldiers and their dignity in extreme circumstances. My Japanese Niece will focus on this aspect,\" he says. Realistic portrayal was a big concern for Naorem. \"We had to recreate Manipur of the 1940s, so we had to venture deep inside the forests. The next big thing was to design battle gear, costumes and weapons of the soldiers in Manipur,\" says the director. The film will be released in August next year to coincide with Japan's surrender in 1945.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376775", "title": "MoEF suspends clearances for 93 Goa mines", "text": "PANAJI: Following the adverse report by the Shah commission on illegal mining in Goa, the Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan on Wednesday announced the suspension of environment clearances given to all 93 functional mining leases in the state.The orders came a day after TOI's story on how central government had given illegal clearances to Goa iron ore mines even under PM Manmohan Singh's watch between 2007-09 as environment and forests minister.The commission had noted that the central ministry had overlooked its own regulations to give miners an easy clearance route while state and other central government officials had ignored rampant illegal mining over more than half a decade.With the suspension of clearances under the Environment Protection Act, Congress also upstaged BJP's state government.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had two days ago suspended all mining operations and ordered an evaluation of all the documents at the state level. With this order the UPA also ensured that the mines would not be re-opened without a clean chit from the Centre.Making this announcement at a press conference in Panaji , Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan said, I am the minister for environment. My mandate is to protect the environment and therefore I am taking action under my mandate. As and when we find any illegality, the law will take it own course.''Natarajan pooh poohed the decision taken by Parrikar to suspend mining operations in the state terming it a 'whitewash'. The MoEF had already suspended eight mines before the state government order. Parrikar is trying to fool the people, she said.The MoEF move came as a major set back to the mining industry in Goa, particularly the majors, since they were hoping to get clearances from the state government after showing their documents as per state government order.From P!The temporary suspension by the state government would not have bothered miners in the short run with the operations already shut due to rains. But now they would be required to present their case before the Union government.In what could further hit the mining barons of Goa, sources informed, the Union environment ministry was actively looking into whether it could prevent the already extracted illegal ore from being traded - something that the state government has permitted in its order.Natarajan said \"Since the chief minister (Manohar Parrikar) has done something utterly meaningless and trying to fool the people of the state and the country, I will do something meaningful. I will not cancel but suspend the environment clearances in the wake of what has happened. We will study whether the mines are operating legally or illegally. Once the officials are satisfied that the environment clearances given to them are valid, we will allow them to continue to operate\", Natarajan said.Natarajan questioned Parrikar's move to stop all mining operations stating that \"the state government order is a complete white wash of the entire issue, and is a fraud upon the people of Goa and the country.\" She said that he (Parrikar) does not talk about under which act and rule he has issued the order.Natarajan said that the MoEF has issued showcause notices to 50 mining companies on Tuesday night to stop dump handling till they get the EC.This again is expected to turn into a contentious issue between the state and the centre with Parrikar actively pushing the mining of lucrative iron ore dumps even as he temporarily shut the mines. Parrikar government had claimed that it did not require central clearance to permit extraction of ore from the dumps which some estimates suggest add up to 700 million tonnes.The state government's notification said suspension of mining operation shall not affect trade and transportation of ore already mined and existing in the lease hold area. Reacting to this, Natarajan said that this ore may also be from illegal source and demanded that the state government should confiscate the ore and sell the same.On what action her ministry will take on the accusations against officials of the MoEF for allowing mining companies to increase the production resulting in illegal mining as stated in the Shah commission report, Natarajan said \"I assure you that if any officials in my ministry are found guilty of wrong doing, then I will take stern action against them.\" She then added that she was still studying the Shah commission report and said that her ministry was not given an opportunity to present its case before the commission.Defending former chief ministers Digambar Kamat and Pratapsingh Rane who have been indicted by the Shah commission for condoning the delay while renewing the mining leases, Natarajan said \"I am saying that my colleagues are innocent and this is a political witch hunt but the law will take its own course and those found guilty will be punished\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376430", "title": "Stench, squalor pervade railway station", "text": "PUNE: A day after divisional railway manager (Pune) Vishal Agarwal spoke about cleanliness and passengers' convenience, the Pune railway station was a revolting sight and as bad as a garbage dump.Hundreds of railway passengers arriving at Pune station were in for a rude experience on Wednesday, going by the filthy and unclean conditions on the platforms and the railway tracks. People covered their noses to avoid the stench emanating from the faeces on the tracks. Unpicked garbage including empty plastic bottles, used plastic cups and food packets were all over the platforms. The washbasins were choked and overflowing.Cleanliness work at the station has been affected severely for the last two days as workers, appointed on a contract basis, are on strike. The Central Railway has penalized the contractor for unsatisfactory work. The workers are protesting because the contractor has put the burden of fine on them.Agarwal on Tuesday said that the penalty had been imposed for unsatisfactory work. The agreement with the present contractor will end in December, he said.Public relations officer Y K Singh said they had asked the contractor to resolve the labour problem. A meeting was held between the railway administration and the contractor to resolve the issues. The contractor has deployed about 80 workers.Meanwhile, the premises were pathetic and there appeared no end in sight to the strike. Singh said a clear idea of the situation will be known on Thursday. The railways, he said, was going by the agreement with the contractor who was fined for unsatisfactory work. It was up to the contractor to resolve the issue with his workers, he added.As an alternative arrangement, the Central Railway had deployed its workers for cleaning, he said. Announcements were made through the public address system asking passengers not to use the toilets while the trains were at the station, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375410", "title": "Livestock census from Sept 15", "text": "NAGPUR: Along with the rest of the state and the country, the 19th livestock census will get underway in Nagpur too from September 15 to October 16. Nagpur Municipal Corporation will assign 145 enumerators with the job.NMC's census officer Dr M I Shiraji told TOI that the census would cover all domestic animals including poultry, pigs, pet dogs and cattle. Against the demand for 350 enumerators, the civic body got only 152. Besides 52 supervisors and 40 educated youths will also be pressed into census work, said Dr Shiraji.One enumerator will be assigned to carry out the census of one ward and one supervisor will supervise three wards. \"These enumerators and supervisors will visit every household and non-household and count animals and birds for the census,\" he said.Dr Shiraji said that the exercise is being conducted so that rational policies for development of dairy farming and welfare schemes for the livestock could be framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "crowd puller ", "code": "16378568", "title": "Style dazzled at Times Fresh Face auditions", "text": "Crowd Puller : While we had expected the Clear &amp; Clean Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 to be a hit in its maiden venture in Chandigarh colleges, even we hadn't bargained for what we encountered in DAV College, Sector 10 on Wednesday. Here, our emcee, Maddy didn't have to convince the crowds to shed inhibition and come on stage. After a point Maddy had to tell students to pipe it down a little. It was hard to believe that this was a lot of freshers as they exuded confidence like college veterans! It seems word has travelled fast that two winning girls get a chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.Give a hoot : Audience at DAV was a clear hit as the auditorium was brimming with students. They hooted aloud right from the first round of introductions, with their pitch notching up everytime a girl took the mic. It was only when the deejay, Mick-e drowned their voices in his music, that they gave a brief silence. A clever number, we say!Like a rockstar: If it was tough to shortlist contestants for the second, talent round, our work of decision making became even tougher as participants' talent quotient ran neck to neck. From bharatnatyam, strumming a guitar, singing, modelling, to dancing ...students flaunted every harkat becoming a rockstar!Heartout : It was the Q&A; round that got finalists to clinch that title. The clear-skinned gabru, Rickey Goraya sang a Punjabi song and received loud applause. \"I am a Gurdas Maan fan. If allowed, I would become a singer,\" he answered. Rickey walked away with the winner's title among boys. Neeraj Luke, aka Bugs Bunny as he is pet named by his mom, captured hearts with his guitaring and his answer as he said, \"I am a Michael Jackson fan. I miss him.\" Bunny became the first runner-up. While Sambhav Gulati, who turned up second runner up, replied to his question as, \"I think mismatched ties and shoes with clothes is the worst fashion mistake.\" Alka Verma drew loud cheers when she said, \"I love DAV crowd,\" and was declared the winner among girls. The fresh looking Nidhi Arya and Anuja Dixit, who gave a power packed dance performance, were adjudged first and second runners-up. Wanna be your college rockstar like these students? All you have to do is, register on itimes.com/freshface to participate!With inputs from Ananta Srikhand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375224", "title": "Bengali artisans cater to Hyderabad's green idol demand", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's water bodies may get a significantly lesser dose of toxic paint and Plaster of Paris this Ganesh Chaturthi as the number of people opting for eco-friendly idols has gone up going by the brisk sales of such idols. In the last three years, the increase in demand for these idols has resulted in more craftsmen from West Bengal, who are known for their sand and clay work, coming down to the city every year during this season. With the festival fast approaching, these idol makers are busy applying the final touches to their creations.\"In the past few years, business has improved here as people are now more aware about the environment. Three years ago, selling our stock was a herculean task, but this time the demand is much more than the total number of idols being made,\" said Lakshmi Narayan, a seller at Chaderghat who has been in the business for around 10 years.Three years ago, there were just a handful of sellers of mud idols. Now, around 30 temporary sheds called karkhanas are found in areas like Chaderghat, Balanagar, Afzalgunj, Uppal, Alwal, Miyapur, Shivarampally and others where the idol makers stay and work on the idols. Chandra Pal, a mud idol seller for the past 20 years said, \"The newer ones are at Miyapur, Uppal, Rakshapuram near Barkas and Shivarampally. With so many competitors entering the business, it is getting increasingly difficult to find land for setting up karkhanas too.\" He added that this year, after several representations, GHMC agreed to give permission to put up a temporary shed which will be taken down once Navratri begins, only after a meeting with the sellers which was held last month.Despite the initial hurdles, these idol sellers are not complaining as business has picked up immensely this year. With profit margins ranging from Rs 75 000 to Rs 1 lakh on a total investment of around Rs 1 lakh, sellers are optimistic about making the most of the festival. \"The price of medium-sized idols of around 10 feet in height ranges from Rs 10 000 to Rs 35 000. Until 2009, getting around 20 to 30 customers was considered a good season and even they would bargain heavily. But this year, nearly 100 customers have already approached us and our investment is likely to double,\" said Nagarani Nagesh, another seller in the city.The idol makers from West Bengal spend about two to eight months here, living in temporary sheds and meticulously working on the elaborate designs which are sometimes requested by customers.Ranjit Pal, one such craftsman at Alwal said, \"I have been coming here with my father for the last 25 years. We come in January and leave only after Diwali as we also make Durga and Kali idols for Dasara and Kali puja. We get to spend just a couple of months with our family in Kolkata. But the demand here is growing and there is a lot of scope, so we keep coming every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375483", "title": "12 sarpa mitras held with venom worth Rs 8L", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major action against wildlife crime, a joint team of wildlife and territorial wing officials on Wednesday arrested 12 sarpa mitras for selling snake venom illegally worth lakhs of rupees.\"It is a classic case of fence eating the farm. Those promising to save snakes by rescuing and releasing them in their natural habitat put a blot on conservation,\" said A K Saxena, acting chief wildlife warden and additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF) for wildlife.Saxena informed that the joint team seized 8ml of cobra venom, estimated to be worth Rs 7-8 lakh. The officials also seized seven live cobras, one chameleon and one grass snake, besides six motorcycles and 14 mobiles from the accused.Assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Kishore Mishrikotkar said forest officials had received several complaints from local NGOs and wildlife lovers about the clandestine venom trade going on in Vidarbha.\"For the past three months we were following these sarpa mitras. After confirmation, a trap was laid by sending fake customers on Wednesday. The accused say they are novices while we believe they were in the business for past eight years,\" Mishrikotkar said.According to sources, although the seized venom appears small in quantity, the original deal was going on for procuring around 300ml venom worth Rs 3 crore.\"The venom seized on Wednesday seems to be just a sample,\" forest officials said. The culprits were arrested in a restaurant at Sitabuldi from where the deal was negotiated.The forest officials did not divulge the names of accused sarpa mitras but it is learnt that they are from Gadchiroli, Akola, Nagpur and Dahegaon. Some snake friends from Nagpur, who used to rescue snakes and have their pictures published in local dailies are also linked to the trade.The accused had printed visiting cards with their pictures displaying snakes and contact numbers and distributed them to residents in large numbers. People used to call these sarpa mitras for rescuing snakes. The accused used to keep snakes at home and extract their venom.Cobras are listed under Schedule II of Wildlife Protection Act (WPA) 1972, and their possession is illegal. The accused have been booked under Sections 9, 39, 49(B), 41(C), 51 and 57. \"The accused will be produced in the court on Thursday. If proved guilty, there is provision for 7 years imprisonment and a minimum fine of Rs 10,000,\" said Mishrikotkar.Honorary district wildlife warden Kundan Hate, NGO Srushti's Vineet Arora, forest employees Gunwanta Kharbade, Kishor Kadwe, ACF Avinash Anjikar, forest guards Abhilasha Sontakke, P D Bais, Raju Raut, Narendra Ramdham, Vijay Shendre, Satish Urkude, Sunil Gadhwe and others were part of the trap team.The illicit venom trade calls for a strategy by the forest officials on genuine and registered sarpa mitras. However, Saxena said, \"Although a protocol needs to be worked out, there is no provision in the law to register sarpa mitras or issue I-cards to them.\"Taking advantage of this, many youths become sarpa mitras overnight and start rescuing snakes and become part of the lucrative venom trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "16375195", "title": "Five students beaten up for not wearing uniform", "text": "TENALI: In yet another shocking incident of corporal punishment, five students of a municipal school suffered bleeding injuries on Wednesday when the headmaster beat them up mercilessly for not wearing uniform. However, no case has been registered against the headmaster.K Prasannanjaneyulu, headmaster at Koganti Sivaiah municipal school, lashed the students with a cable wire for not wearing school uniform. Shaik Abdul Rashid and Abdul Sadat, both class IX students, suffered bleeding injuries while three others were subjected to harsh punishment. Rashid and Sadat left the school in the middle and informed their parents about the punishment meted out to them.Enraged parents rushed to the III Town police station in the afternoon to file a complaint. However, the teachers, union leadersand elders rushed to the PS and persuaded the parents to withdraw the complaint. The SI said that they had not registered any case against the HM as the parents did not give him any written complaint. Upon information, municipal commissioner Balaswamy rushed to the school and inquired into the incident. He ordered a departmental inquiry after issuing a memo to the HM. \"Although the headmaster is believed to have given the punishment on disciplinary grounds, it is a punishable offence. We will take action against the HM after receiving the inquiry report,\" the municipal commissioner he told TOI.He said the HM told them that he had given a simple punishment to the students when he found them not reciting the national anthem during the prayer meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375720", "title": "Couple caught smuggling gold worth 22L", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple and their daughter were arrested at Mumbai airport on Tuesday evening while trying to smuggle gold ornaments worth about Rs 22 lakh.They wore heavy jewellery and concealed chains and rings in hidden pockets in their trousers and undergarments. They carried around 800 gm gold worth Rs 22 lakh in India. They were charged with non-declaration and illegal import of gold under the Customs Act.According to rules, a passenger returning with gold after a short trip must pay 36% duty. If a passenger returns from a trip after more than six months, 10% duty is charged on gold. A male passenger returning after more than one year can carry gold worth Rs 10,000 and a woman worth Rs 20,000, duty free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374934", "title": "Student finishes PhD on Jarawa language", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite bureaucratic hurdles and financial hardships, a JNU student became the first student to complete a PhD on the Jarawa tribe of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Promod Kumar, who in January confirmed that the video on human safari was a recent one, received the news of his successful completion of his PhD on \"Discriptive and typological study of Jarawa\" from the JNU vice-chancellor, S K Sopory on Tuesday.Kumar started his study of the Jarawas in 2004under the guidance of senior faculty of Centre for Linguistics, JNU and expert on languages of Andaman Islands, professor Anvita Abbi and director of Max Planck Institute, Bernard Comrie.Speaking about his research, Kumar said, \"This is the first ever descriptive study about the grammar of Jarawa language and to place them in typological framework. I spent four year in studying their language. I stayed with the Jarawas for over two years learning their language. I recorded their language and understood it through various methods like pictures of body parts, birds, animals and studying their daily activities and sign languages.\"Recounting how he became a part of the Jarawa community, as till that time this tribe hardly came in contact with the outside world, Kumar said, \"The elders of the community used to go for hunting and collecting food. During this time the young ones are left with female members. Once a kid was crying and seeing that no one is attending her, I picked her up. When her mother returned she was thankful for my gesture and gradually they started accepting me as part of their community.\"Kumar had to face a lot of hardships in getting permissions. \"Despite the SC guidelines, things are still not implemented in the right manner. On one hand researchers are not given permission and on the other illegal human safaris are happening,\" rued Kumar.On the significance of the research, Abbi said, \"This is the first and only document on Jarawa language. It is significant as for the first time we came to know of the structure of the language and opened world of looking into Austronesian language family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16376360", "title": "Minister\u2019s escort car kills girl near Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: An eight-year-old girl died after being knocked down by the escort car of Assam's hill areas development minister Khorsing Engti at Panikhati in Nagaon district on Wednesday.Afreen Sultana was on her way to school when the vehicle hit her. She died on the spot. An angry mob soon gathered and set the vehicle on fire. The irate mob also damaged a fire engine while it was coming to douse the flames.The minister's office said Engti was on his way to attend a meeting when the accident took place. \"The minister's vehicle had gone past the escort vehicle which had developed a technical snag,\" said the minister's office.Nagaon police said the vehicle was tailing the minister's car. \"Locals stopped the escort vehicle after the accident and set it ablaze. Policemen in the vehicle managed to escape unhurt,\" said an official. Until now, no complaint has been lodged with the police by either the girl's family or the escort vehicle's driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376572", "title": "Free CUG mobile sets for ASHA workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani while reviewing the progress of work done by the departments of medical and health and higher medical education here on Wednesday said the government would make available free CUG mobile sets to 1.25 lakh ASHA health workers under the National Rural Health Mission Scheme. He said this facility would be made available in all districts of the state in three phases. He said that in order to provide fast medical aid to the general public , the 108 and 102 toll-free facility would be made available.Usmani said integrated medical teams would be constituted under Child Health Guarantee Scheme under which medical check-up of about 6 crore children studying in all primary schools would be done within the next three years. For treatment of cancer , a high level medical institute would be set up in Lucknow for which Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) has been directed to provide land, informed the chief secretary. He said that to attract private investment in the area of higher medical education, a format of new policy formulation would be presented this month. The policy should be framed in such a way as to facilitate opening of more and more medical colleges in the state, he added. Usmani directed the officials to make available ambulance in each block. He said that in order to provide emergency medical aid to the common man, sufficient number ambulances should be made available at district level as well.tnnTrauma centres and ICUs would be set up in all state medical colleges, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379181", "title": "Jharkhand plans film studio, academy", "text": "RANCHI: Aspiring filmmakers, actors, cinematographers and musicians will not have to leave Jharkhand to pursue their dream of building a career in the film industry. Inaugurating the Ranchi Film Festival to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema in Ranchi on Wednesday, chief minister Arjun Munda said that a film academy and an outdoor will soon be set up in Jharkhand.He said: \"Very soon, we will constitute a film development corporation and construct an outdoor film studio in Ranchi. Our aim is to promote local and regional films and the people involved in the filmmaking. We assure all possible help and security to those who shoot movies in the state. We will also try to organize a film festival every year for the people of Jharkhand to encourage and develop people's interest in cinema.\"Chandra Prakash Dwivedi, director of the award-winning film 'Pinjar', said: \"Jharkhand has scenic beauty and is a great place for shooting any movie. If proper security is assured, filmmakers from Bollywood would love to work in this state. I myself will be shooting my next film in Jharkhand.\" Dwivedi requested the chief minister to take steps to convince the film industry that Jharkhand is safe.Munda assured the filmmaker that security will be taken care of. He said: \"Filmmakers will be supported by the government and will be provided complete security if they want to come and work here, Indian film Industry is famous worldwide and people of Jharkhand should also get a global recognition through cinema.\"The film festival - 'Suhana Safar' - has been organised by the Government of India's Directorate of Film Festivals (DFF) and IPRD Jharkhand. A total of 21 classic films from different eras and in various languages will be screened during the four-day festival. Rajiv Jain, DFF director, said: \"This is the first time we have organized a film festival in Ranchi. People can get to see good Indian films and as the entry to the festival is free, those who can not afford buying tickets can also enjoy classical cinema.\"Jain said that the films that will be screened are milestones in the history of Indian cinema. Overwhelmed with the overcrowded hall and the response of people, Jain said: \"I have been inspired by the 'housefull' hall and will definitely organize more film festivals in Ranchi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374776", "title": "Draft fresh norms for sports quota: HC to Delhi University", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed Delhi University to \"reformulate\" its admission norms for sports quota which stipulate a general physical fitness test even for players of indoor games like chess.\"This criteria (fitness test) is apt and justified for outdoor as well as indoor games which have physical involvement, like badminton and table tennis. It may not be entirely rational to have this criteria for games like chess,\" a bench of acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said. The court's directions came while hearing the plea of 17-year-old chess player Chetna Karnani, who was denied admission in BA English (Hons) after she failed the physical fitness test.While directing the varsity to implement new norms from the next academic session, the court, however, declined to grant any relief to Karnani on the ground that the current academic session had already started. \"Unless DU prescribes fresh standards for games like chess, we cannot grant any relief to her,\" the bench said.\"Laying down all these standards is not the court's job, therefore, this court can only direct Delhi University to consider the matter in the light of our observation and come out with the physical standards which are required for these games after in-depth deliberations,\" the bench added.Karnani, in her petition, had termed the university's decision to deny her admission as \"arbitrary\". Karnani's lawyer had argued that she has been playing chess for the past seven years, and yet, was denied admission under sports quota in the current academic session. \"The criteria to qualify the fitness test should not be made applicable to indoor games. If it is not removed as a pre-condition, it would defeat the very purpose of including the game of chess,\" her lawyer had said.In its order, the court stated that \"different standards of physical fitness may be required for games like chess and carom\". \"No doubt, physical fitness leads to mental fitness. However, it should be examined what level of physical fitness is appropriate for a person playing chess,\" it added.Earlier, the lawyer had argued that as per DU's new guidelines, a candidate has to undergo the physical fitness test comprising of three segments \u2014 standing broad jump of 1.65m for boys and 1.15m for girls, 100m race or walk in five minutes for boys and six minutes for girls and in addition, 50m dash in eight seconds for boys and six seconds for girls.According to the petitioner, as per the new guidelines introduced this year a student seeking admission through sports quota has to qualify at least in two of the three segments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16373829", "title": "Control room in every district to monitor poll expenditure", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The election commission in Gujarat will set up a central control room in every district of the state to monitor expenditure incurred by every candidate.Sources said the control rooms would begin working within a week of the model code of conduct coming into force after the poll schedule is announced by Election Commission of India (ECI).Expenditure monitoring will be a major challenge for the poll machinery as this is the first time the state is going to the polls after new guidelines were issued by the ECI. \"Although the guidelines were implemented during the Mansa bye-election, that was for just one seat. Now it will be done for the entire state,\" said an official.The state commission has started translating into Gujarati instructions on election monitoring that have been issued by ECI in English. \"The instructions will be uploaded on the State Election Commission (SEC) website by the last week of this month,\" said an official.Over the next two days, nodal officers from across the state will be trained on expenditure monitoring at SPIPA in Ahmedabad. The SEC has already asked political parties to study the guidelines in detail. It plans to hold a training programme for candidates once dates are announced.Officials said that previously candidates maintained a register of expenses incurred. For greater transparency and for ease of monitoring, they will now be required to open a separate bank account and pay for election expenses from that.Five teams will be formed by the SEC to keep tabs on expenditure incurred by candidates in the fray. The candidates are supposed to carry out their entire campaign within a limit of Rs 16 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374202", "title": "Safire theatre land up for sale", "text": "CHENNAI: The ruling AIADMK has put its Safire theatre property on Anna Salai for sale. The party kickstarted the sale process by appointing a consultant, who will handhold the party through the transaction.The party has mandated Cushman &amp; Wakefield, international property consultants, to find buyers for the nearly one acre plot. A public notice from Cushman &amp; Wakefield says, \"Property is fully compounded and has an unobstructed frontage and the property is proposed for sale through a transparent bidding process.\" The consultant has sought bids from potential buyers like institutions, corporate, hotels and investors.While no official was willing to comment on the value of the land, sources pointed to a recent transaction in neighbouring Nungambakkam, where TAFE acquired a prime property from IFMR Trust at nearly 7 crore a ground (one ground = 2400 square feet). Sources said that the Safire transaction could be benchmarked at those rates. \"At those rates, plus a little premium, the land could be worth about 150 crore,\" sources said. The consultant hopes to complete the transaction in three to four months, they said.Safire theatre was purchased by the AIADMK in 1994 from the Veecumsee family. It had planned to construct a party office at the site and even demolished the theatre for the purpose. But the plan has since been dropped.In an interview to TOI on February 10, 2010, AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa said, \"We had acquired a place on Anna Salai, the old Safire theatre premises. But there was a lot of resistance from partymen. They are sentimentally attached to this building (the current party headquarters on Avvai Shanmugam Salai) because it used to be MGR's residence earlier. The partymen don't want to shift the headquarters to another place.\"Veecumsee's developed the first multi-theatre cinema complex in the country \u2014 the Safire \u2014 and it was opened to public in 1964. The complex housed three screens -- Safire, Blue Diamond and Emerald. The first movie to play in Safire was Cleopatra and it was perhaps the first 70mm theatre in the country, while Blue Diamond enchanted cinema-goes with its continuous shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16376828", "title": "CPI(M) rally in Quepem demands universal PDS", "text": "QUEPEM: Communist party of India (Marxist) on Wednesday held a demonstration in front of deputy collector's office at Quepem and demanded a universal public distribution system instead of above poverty line and below poverty line systems.A memorandum, which was addressed to the Prime Minister of India, was submitted to Sandya Kamat, deputy collector, by state committee secretary Naresh Shigaonkar.They demanded an end to forward contracts and speculative trade in food grains and requested the prime minister to distribute 35 kg of food grains for 2 per kg to every person per month and to ensure fair price and profit margin for all peasants and farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376893", "title": "Govt doubles salaries of Panchayati Raj members", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet on Wednesday approved a decision to hike the salaries of elected representatives of Panchayati Raj institutions (PRIs) in Goa with retrospective effect from April 1, 2012.Announcing this at a media briefing on Wednesday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the decision fulfills the announcement he made in his budget speech to increase the salaries of the elected representatives of 189 village panchayats and the two zilla panchayat bodies.Panchayati raj minister Laxmikant Parsekar, who was also present for the briefing, said that salaries to the elected members of the PRIs have almost been doubled. Accordingly, the salaries of village panchayat sarpanchas have been increased from 2,000 per month to 4,000 per month. A deputy sarpanch will now get 3,500 per month instead of 1,750. The salaries of panch members and co-opted members has been hiked from 1,500 to 3,000.The chairperson of zilla panchayats will now get 12,000 per month instead of the earlier 6,000. The deputy chairperson will get 11,000 per month instead of 5,500. And, the members of the zilla panchayats will now get 10,000 instead of 5,000 per month.Parsekar said that the government's annual financial burden of 3.32 crore will rise to 6.64 crore this year. He said it was the BJP government, during its earlier term, that had introduced salaries to members of the PRIs and it is the BJP government again that has increased their salaries. Parsekar said there are about 1,600 elected representatives in the village panchayats and 50 elected representatives in the two zilla panchayats in Goa.Reminded that the zilla panchayats have been pleading with the state government for more powers and when the government would give these powers, Parsekar said that the devolution of powers to the zilla panchayats is under the active consideration of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378552", "title": "Students performing better since scheme was introduced", "text": "GUWAHATI: The chief minister's innovative scheme of distributing laptops to students securing 1st division in the High School Leaving Certificate Examination (HSLC) and High Madrassa Examination under the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) has definitely influenced the students to perform better in the examination. The laptops are distributed under the Anundaram Borooah Award Scheme.There has been an increase in the number of students scoring first division every year after the scheme was introduced. The scheme will also be introduced in primary schools now. When the scheme of distributing computers was launched in 2005, the number of awardees was 12,756 and this year, there were 26,788 awardees.While distributing laptops to the first division holders at Sarusajai stadium on Wednesday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said, \"The scheme has benefitted a lot of students in the past and it has also encouraged many to score first division in their exam. The students of Assam are no less talented than the students from other parts of the country. With the implementation of the Right to Education Act (RTE), we will also focus on the number of dropouts in the state.\"\"Besides that, we will identify areas where the literacy rate is low and start special programmes there. We will also introduce the scheme of distributing computers and laptops in primary schools too,\" he said.The laptop by Amtron distributed to the students this year was loaded with special educational packages like BBC spoken English package and educational package from Intel. Besides that, soft copies of NCERT books for class XI and XII have also been downloaded in the laptops.Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, who was also present in the meeting said, \"When this award scheme was launched in 2005, a lot of people said the scheme will not continue, but the scheme is continuing even now. The laptops come with a host of additional features, which will benefit the students and from next year onwards, we will distribute laptops with more advanced features.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378190", "title": "Hard selling preventive jabs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents in the city are likely to be misled by some paedatricians into giving unnecessary vaccines to their child after being influenced by pharmaceutical companies.\"Vaccine manufacturing companies are commercially influencing a section of paediatricians by sponsoring their foreign jaunts and conferences. Parents should keep this in mind before blindly agreeing to any vaccine just because they can afford it,\" said Dr Arabinda Mohanty, himself a paediatrician and former president of Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP), Odisha branch.Doctors said a pneumococcal vaccine available for around Rs 4,000 in the market or meningococcal, Japanese encephalitis and influenza vaccines are not recommended for all categories of children. These should be used for only the high-risk groups and particular outbreak circumstances. The IAP, the apex body of paediatricians in the country, in its immunization time table for 2012 has recommended these vaccines only for those with immunodeficiency, certain chronic diseases such as asthma , heart problems and diabetes or during disease outbreaks, among others. \"Unfortunately, because of commercial exploits one category of children is facing vaccine overload and unnecessary pricks because their parents can afford. Others are deprived of even the most essential ones,\" Dr Mohanty saidDr Mohanty said the problem is on the rise because there is no monitoring by the government. Even in case of essential vaccines, the cold chain is in many cases is doubtful as chemists were storing these in common refrigerators affecting the mandatory below four degree Celsius storage temperature.In case of same disease for which different brands of vaccines are available, parents are being deceived to opt for a costlier one because the doctor or druggist selling it gets higher commission. Sources said in certain vaccines, the paedatrician gets up to 50% commission if he or she is able to hard sell it by the maximum retail price printed. \"That 50% fee is for maintaining the cold chain and storing it at home,\" said a private practitioner pleading anonymity.Medical scientists say parents should be explained in detail why their child should take an optional vaccine. \"A paediatrician must explain to a parent why his child should take a particular vaccine. Parents should also try to know about both positive and negative impacts of injecting a vaccine to their child,\" said Dr SK Kar, director of Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC).Dr Biswajit Mishra, also a paediatrician and secretary of IAP-Odisha, had similar views. \"We must ask a parent if they can afford an optional vaccine and consequences of taking it. For example while giving a pneumonia vaccine, parents should be asked if they can pay for it and that the vaccine can protect only against pneumoccal pneumonia, not against any other pneumonia,\" he said.Quoting World Health Organization recommendations, Dr Mishra said influenza vaccine is recommended for children below three years, elderly people above 65 years and those having particular disease conditions during an outbreak-like situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16374663", "title": "Closure of 26 Purnia X-ray centres ordered", "text": "PURNIA: As many as 26 X-ray centres, which did not conform to the established norms, were ordered to be closed down across Purnia town on Tuesday following an inspection of the X-ray centres by a team of senior health officials.Amidst reports of a large number of X-ray centres functioning without adhering to the prescribed norms, a three-member team comprising additional chief medical officer (ACMO)Sanjay Kumar Dinkar, district programme co-ordinator (DPC) Subodh Kumar and X-ray technician Satyendra Kumar Singh was constituted for a thorough checking of these units in Purnia town. The team has been assigned to inspect, in all, 71 X-ray centres functional in Purnia town, and it has so far made physical verification of 31 such centres, health department sources said. Of these, 26 centres were found not subscribing to the norms officially prescribed for the purpose. Not only this, these centres did not also have qualified doctors as well as technicians, health officials disclosed.\"The team was constituted following a huge ruckus at a private X-ray centre in the town where a patient's attendant had been electrocuted in course of X-ray check up of a patient few weeks back,\" sources said.Purnia civil surgeon Dr R C Mandal while confirming orders for instant closure of 26 X-Ray centres, said these centres flagrantly violated the norms prescribed, and did not measure up to the yardsticks fixed by the state government.Purnia DM N Sarvana Kumar told TOI that the owners of the X-ray clinics concerned had been issued show caused in this regard. The follow up action will depend on their replies to the show causes notices.Over a dozen private clinics as well as physiotherapy centres were also under the scanner and nearly a dozen doctors and others, who were working on forged medical certificates and others, were arrested last year. They were later enlarged on bail, however, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16374562", "title": "Good infrastructure is a must to encourage use of public transport", "text": "In a world threatened by emissions leading to global warming, the general principle of encouraging the use of public transport and correspondingly discouraging private vehicles makes sense. You could also argue, as many do, that the best way of doing this is through fiscal incentives and disincentives rather than outright bans. However, if this principle is to work on the ground, it must be accompanied by the development of a public transport infrastructure that is genuinely good and adequate. Unfortunately, that is far from being the case in India. To talk of a tax on private vehicles without creating such public transport facilities amounts to putting the cart before the horse.Related story: Govt plans new taxes to clear roads", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375317", "title": "Resident welfare associations welcome DHBVN proposal", "text": "GURGAON: Most of the resident welfare associations of Gurgaon have welcomed the DHBVN move of introducing 'Pune model' to ensure 24X7 power supply in the Millennium City. The DHBVN on Tuesday asked the officials in operation circle of Gurgaon to identify the private colonies and group housings societies having single source connections.\"We have asked superintending engineer (SE) and executive engineers (XENs) to identify group housing societies with single source connections. Once the process is complete we will start the administrative work,\" said Devender Singh, chairman and managing director of DHBVN.The power discom on Monday had announced plans of introducing the 'Pune model' of public private partnership to ensure uninterrupted power supply in Gurgaon.DLF City Residents Welfare Association has out asked the discom to start the system from DLF city as pilot project.\"We have enough infrastructure and our members have no objection in case we get an uninterrupted power supply by paying a reasonable additional cost. We would be approaching the distribution company very soon,\" Sudhir Kapoor, the secretary general of DLF City RWA, the biggest resident body in Gurgaon said.RR Singh, director general of National Real Estate development council (Naredco) endorsed Kapoor's point of view. \"This is a welcome decision and nobody dwelling in new colonies would mind paying little extra for a hassle free service. But going by experience in the past, we need to be assured as the distribution company will honor its word, especially at a time when entire country is facing power shortage due to widening gap in demand and supply,\" said RR Singh.However, Mission Gurgaon Development (MGD), an umbrella body of various RWAs, expressed reservations about the project.\"Providing adequate power supply is state's responsibility. Though, it could be an effective measure for those who can afford it. Otherwise, this simply means holding consumers for ransom. Else, if surcharge is nominal, then this is a welcome step,\" Bhawani Shankar Tripathi, the secretary general of MGD, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16379485", "title": "Police can crack many cases of indiscriminate shootout", "text": "INDORE: Many cases of indiscriminate shootout could be solved as the notorious criminal Manoj 'Nitra' infamous for committing crime under the influence of 'nitravet' drug was arrested from Dewas. He was carrying a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head.Manoj was wanted in a shootout incident that had taken place a couple of months ago. He was absconding since then.The incident took place at Gumastha Nagar where a local businessman Manohar Kachaulia (50) was killed while a woman Madhu Vohra (22) sustained bullet injuries.During the primary investigation, police came to know that the unidentified accused had consumed 'nitravet'. They, however, could not figure out the accused. Meanwhile, the crime branch got a hint about Manoj 'Nitra.' The sleuths launched a massive hunt to nab him and senior policemen announced a reward of Rs 10,000. Initially, the police traced his location to Gwalior and they continuously kept following him.According to sources, the police were camping in Gwalior for last 10 days. They were trying to trace his exact location with the help of his cell phone. They later got to know that he has left Gwalior for Indore. The police followed him and nabbed him from Dewas on Thursday morning. They are interrogating him to know if he was involved in the shootout at Gumashta Nagar. He has yet not confessed his involvement in the crime.Police said that his addiction to 'Nitravet' has won him nick name Manoj 'Nitra.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375660", "title": "Maharashtra to give 50% weightage to Std XII marks for new JEE exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has decided to give 50% weightage to Std XII marks for admissions to undergraduate engineering course. The decision taken in a cabinet meeting, held on Wednesday, also confirmed speculations that the state will be part of the new Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) from the 2014-15 academic session.This means that the new system is applicable to students who will appear for their Std XII board exams in the summer of 2014.The new examination has been bifurcated in two parts - JEE (Main), the exam for which every candidate seeking admission to the engineering stream will appear, and JEE (Advance), for those seeking admissions to the prestigious IITs.Maharashtra government has declared that marks scored in Std XII (regardless of board) shall be normalized using the system created by Indian Statistical Institute.Merit rankings shall be prepared by giving 50-50 per cent weightage to JEE (Main) and Std XII marks. The good news for the students is that only their physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) marks will be counted for the 50% weightage from Std XII. Many students were worried that if other subjects, like languages, were considered then their ranking would have dropped.Nisha Kothari, who heads a local coaching centre, said, \"The fact that only PCM will be considered is great news. Also the equal weightage to Std XII marks is fair decision as its syllabus will complement the JEE exam.\"Chandrakant Satija, regional director of a pan-India coaching centre, said, \"I personally feel that Std XII marks should not have been given weightage. That is because it will be unfair to students of rural areas because education quality in colleges there is not good. Regardless, I am happy that at least they will consider only the PCM marks.\"The government also decided to upgrade its Std XII syllabus from next year itself to align itself with JEE. This would mean yet another curriculum rejig even before the latest one has taken shape. The state board had changed its Std XII syllabus in the current academic session to bring it on par with that of CBSE. Now the new cabinet decision means again going back to the drawing board. This would make the current books being published, totally obsolete.Both school education minister, Rajendra Darda, and higher &amp; technical education minister, Rajendra Tope remained unavailable for comment.Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the state board, said, \"Details of this decision are yet to reach the board hence I cannot make any comment. We will wait for their directions on syllabus change and implement it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374292", "title": "Court returns defamation suit against TOI", "text": "CHENNAI: A sessions court here has returned a criminal defamation case initiated on behalf of the chief minister, J Jayalalithaa , against The Times of India for a report on Tamil Nadu's road safety record. \"A deeper reading of the alleged offending article does not contribute anything against the chief minister of the state,\" ruled the principal sessions judge P Kalaiarasan, on Wednesday.On August 25, the Chennai edition of The Times of India published an article, titled 'Tamil Nadu gives its drivers a licence to kill', on increasing accidents in Tamil Nadu and poor punitive action against erring drivers. On August 28, criminal defamation proceedings were initiated against the newspaper on behalf of the chief minister in the principal sessions court, by the city public prosecutor. Besides the reporter, the complaint named the publisher and the resident editor of TOI.In the complaint, the city public prosecutor had cited a sentence - \"The transport department and the police have also shown alarming laxity while dealing with drunk driving, cancelling fewer licences than ever before\" - and said this was prima facie libellous and that the writer had made it appear that the state government was not taking proper care and steps to avert these road accidents.The prosecutor further said that the report gave an impression that the chief minister was not concerned with the safety of the people travelling on roads and that many rash drivers were being allowed to go free without their licences being cancelled. The report had been published with an intention to defame the administration under the CM, he submitted.When the matter was taken up on Wednesday, judge Kalaiarasan returned the complaint - numbered SR No. 806/2012. He said in his order, \"The article has to be construed as a whole. The caption of the news article has to be seen in the light of the substance of the article.\"Incidentally, the article in question had discussed as to how despite TN's record as the state with one of the highest fatal accident rates in the country, only a handful of drivers in the state were punished for negligent and rash driving. It said: \"As many as 12,784 people died in 11,813 road accidents in 2008, but the authorities cancelled the licences of only 358 reckless drivers. A total of 15,422 people died in accidents between April 2011 and March 2012, but the authorities cancelled a piffling 178 licences.\"The judge, however, has given the complainant 15 days time to explain as to how the complaint was maintainable. \"...hence, how the complaint is maintainable. To be stated within 15 days,\" the brief order read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375099", "title": "New Delhi Municipal Council, traders\u2019 body discuss CP revamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than three-and-a-half months left for the completion of the Connaught Place redevelopment project, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) and New Delhi Traders' Association (NDTA) held a special review meeting on Wednesday.NDTA discussed problems faced by traders due to the ongoing work and suggested some changes in the original plan. NDMC officials say the suggestions made by NDTA will be discussed with the chief designer and necessary changes will be incorporated.In the meeting, NDTA stressed on the need to construct narrow footpaths in the middle circle. As per the present plan, NDMC is constructing 7-foot wide footpaths on both sides of the middle circle. \"It is pointless to construct such wide footpaths on both sides of the road. Nobody is going to use these footpaths. Moreover, this will reduce our parking space. As it is there is a serious parking problem in the area. And with the construction of these footpaths, there is going to be a parking mess in Connaught Place,'' said Atul Bhargava, president of NDTA.Another suggestion by NDTA was to do away with the proposed sitting arrangement in outer circle and radial roads. \"They have constructed concrete benches in the inner circle. These benches are mostly used by hawkers to sell their goods. There is no point in making a similar arrangement in Outer circle and radial roads,\" said Bhargava. The traders association also pointed out that wire loops are protruding from the flooring.When contacted, NDMC official said, \"The project is for their (traders) benefit. We have to take into account their concerns. We have heard their suggestions and would discuss it with the designer of the project. If it is feasible, we will incorporate the changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375132", "title": "Sweeper cleans out a million from bank under electric eye", "text": "MUMBAI: A sweeper stole Rs 10 lakh from a bank when no was around. What she did not know was that she was under the gaze of a CCTV camera.Officials forgot a stash of cash at a counter of South Indian Bank, Ghatkopar (West), when the branch closed on Monday evening. The next morning, the sweeper, Sunita Pawar (40), found it.She concealed the money in a dustbin. \"Pawar, a contractual employee with the bank for three years, kept the bin outside the bank's premises. During work break, she went home to keep the money,\" said senior inspector R G Mandurke of the Ghatkopar police station. \"She was not aware that her act of stealing, which she did between 8.52am and 9.21am, was caught on CCTV.\"The police were brought into the matter when the bank's officials counted cash on Tuesday morning and found Rs 10 lakh short. In his police complaint, a bank official said, \"After counting cash on Monday evening, we kept everything in the vault except a stash of Rs 10 lakh, which we forgot on the counter. The tray where we had forgotten the stash, was found empty on Tuesday morning.\"Based on the complaint, the police questioned the staff, including Pawar, but could not find the truth. \"We then asked bank officials to play the CCTV record. And yes, there we saw Pawar on the screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373900", "title": "Rain sows hope in farmers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The latest spell of rain has revived hope for farmers in the state. In north Gujarat and Saurashtra, farmers have begun a fresh round of sowing. They are sowing crops that can be harvested before the end of this kharif season. Officials said that there have been reports of crop failure in Saurashtra, Kutch, parts of Mehsana, Patan and Banaskantha.Officials said that the agriculture department had recommended the sowing of jowar, castor, sesame and cumin. Agriculture department sources said that sowing will soon begin in Junagadh, Amreli, Bhavnagar, Patan, and Mehsana among other areas. \"The rainfall over the past week has changed the circumstances in the state,\" an official said. \"This has allowed farmers to regain some confidence.\"Farmers are now expecting that even fodder produce will bring good returns and they will be able to make up for the losses incurred on the purchase of seeds and fertilizers for crops they had sown earlier.Agriculture secretary R K Tripathy said that some farmers are now sowing jowar and fodder as this is the best time for sowing castor. Farmers are drawing water from tubewells and thus, there has not been much impact on crops which were sown earlier.Tripathy said that areas like Panchamahal will have a bounty as rainfall had been good in the region. He admitted that sugarcane crop was affected in south Gujarat and would now be used for fodder. But he said that farmers had not been affected as sugarcane was fetching them more price as fodder than as a crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16378312", "title": "Truck carrying 550kg PDS rice seized", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Following a tip-off, a truck carrying 550 kg of rice meant for the public distribution system (PDS) was seized by sub-divisional officer (SDO) Akhauri Shashank Sinha on Wednesday. The truck belongs to Abhay Agrawal, senior vice president of Lohardaga Chamber of Commerce and Industries.Town police station in-charge, PC Deomam had informed Sinha of the PDS rice being sent out of the district illegally. Following which, Sinha and his officers raided Agrawal's truck when it was being loaded with bags of rice from a shop owned by Agrawal in front of Ajay Udhyan. \"We had been receiving complaints about sale of PDS rice in the local market as well as its supply to places outside the district. We raided the area and seized 550 kg of rice in 11 sacks being loaded on a truck outside Agrawal's shop. We found 11 hidden sacks of rice from FCI among many other sacks of rice in the truck. A case has been filed against the shopkeeperunder the Essential Commodities Act,\" said Sinha.The police also found numerous stock slips from the shop that said hundreds of sacks of rice had been purchased on different dates in 2007. \"The matter is being investigated. Repeated raids will be conducted on a large scale to curb blackmarketing,\" assured Sinha.Agrawal, however, said he had purchased empty sacks of FCI which are easily available in the local market. People buy these sacks for domestic use. \"Since I am into the business of purchasing and selling of rice, I buy empty sacks from local market. The rice in sacks seized by the SDO is not from PDS,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378799", "title": "AIIMS experts to offer consultation before 2013", "text": "BHOPAL: Specialists doctors of All India Institute of Medical sciences (AIIMS), Bhopal would offer consultation and treatment to patients sooner than 2013-- when hospital services in the premier institute are likely to begin. An ambulatory service by AIIMS specialists for the general public is likely to begin in next few months.\"Opening quality health care services at the earliest is our objective. Our specialists would offer ambulatory health services in the next few months,\" said AIIMS, Bhopal director Dr Sandeep Kumar.Ambulatory health services are provided on outpatient basis to those who visit hospital or another health care facility and department after treatment the same day. It would include minor surgical and medical procedures apart from health services not requiring advanced infrastructure.\"Neurological care can be offered, but those services needing advanced infrastructure would have to wait until the scheduled opening of AIIMS hospital,\" said Dr Kumar.Enthused by the opportunity, government-run hospitals have also shown their interest in AIIMS specialists offering OPD services in their hospitals, till the time AIIMS Bhopal becomes fully functional.\"JP hospital in the process of starting specialty services like cardiac care. Expertise from AIIMS specialists would benefit the set up and overall human resource development,\" said JP hospital in charge and district civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha.AIIMS officials, however, are aware of infrastructure available in government-run hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16378273", "title": "Tribals set riders to mining in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: Tribals in Rayagada's Kashipur block have prepared an action plan that they will submit to Utkal Alumina International Limited (UAIL) and the district administration for development of villages affected by the factory. This plan will be the precondition to mining in their area.The action plan was prepared on Sunday during a meeting attended by more than 2,000 tribals of five panchayats under the banner Baphlimali Anchalika Samiti (BAS) at Odri panchayat bordering Kalahandi district. \"Depending on the needs of the villages, an action plan has been prepared and, for its fulfillment, it will be submitted both to the company and administration. \"We will allow mining in our area if the company fufills our demands otherwise anti-mining campaign will be intensified,\" said president of the samiti Kesab Majhi.According to the samiti, a village-level campaign was carried out in the area from August 24 to September 5 before preparing the action plan. Around 50 villages were covered and the basic needs of the villages were identified during it.The tribals have demanded irrigation facilities, safe drinking water, pucca roads, establishemnt of model schools and technical institutions, opening up of hospitals and free treatment of patients at the company's hospital and planting fruit-bearing trees.\"If industrialization brings development, then let the company first develop the area in which it is coming up. For the last several years, the company has been cheating us in the name of development. It has done nothing noticeable for which we had not allowed the company to start mining. Now if the company wants to start mining then it has to fulfill our demands first,\" said tribal leader Bhagaban Majhi, who has been spearheading the anti-mining campaigning against UAIL for the past several years.The UAIL has set up a 4.5 million tonne per annum bauxite mining plant at Baphlimali hills and a 1.5 million TPA alumina refinery in Kashipur block's Doragurah. According to BAP, 108 villages in nine panchayats of Kashipur block and three panchayats of Kalahandi district will be affected by the company's refinery plant and mining.While a senior company official said that UAIL was ready to cooperate with the villages and will do the needful within its limitation, when contacted Rayagada collector Sasi Bhusan Padhi said, \"Soon, a meeting of the rehabilitation and peripheral development advisory committee would be called to look into the demands of the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377248", "title": "Bronze for Nashik teen at national meet", "text": "NASHIK: Long distance runner Monika Athre won the bronze medal in the 10 km race at the 52nd Senior National Athletic competitions being held in Chennai.The 19-year-old LIC employee was close to winning the gold until the last 200m when the another athlete L Surya (35.18.20) and Asian gold medalist Preeja Shreedharan (35.19.40) overtook her in a last ditch sprint.According toAthre's coach Veejendra Singh, \"Monika valiantly tried to catch up with them but missed by a whisker. But I am proud of her performance. She did her best in a fierce competition.\"Athre while surpassing her earlier timing clocked 35hours 25 mins and 50 seconds to clinch the third spot. The sure medal prospect Kavita Raut, however, could not participate due to stomach infection. These are the only two athletes from Nashik who qualified for the senior nationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377195", "title": "Cops to decide on externment soon", "text": "NASHIK: The sub-divisional magistrate has received proposals to extern 28 people from Nashik, Igatpuri and Trimbakeshwar tehsils against the backdrop of the forthcoming festival season. The decision over the externment would be taken in the next two officials have said.One of the persons to be externed, Pandit Katad, a Matori resident and former officer bearer of an autorickshaw and taxi union, has several and having a number of cases registered against him, registered against him including issuing threats and loan fraud.Katad's wife had filed a case at the Panchvati police station who is a former office-bearer of the rickshaw and taxi union, has a case filed against himself in Panchvati police station alvati police station by his wife -leging that he had threatened her and had forcibly transferring land owned by her to his name. in his name, besides another case registered by divisional officer of NDCC for providing false information to the bank for obtaining loan.Other names on the externment list include Prakash Gaikwad and Ranjan Kadam from Nashik tehsil. A total of 16 cases, the highest number being from Igatpuri tehsil, followed by seven from Trimbakeshwar, three from Nashik and two from Dindori tehsils.According to the police, most names on the list have criminal cases lodged agains them and are therefore likely to be externed bearing in mind security during the festive season. The process was likely to be completed in time for Geneshotsav, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16378637", "title": "BJP members burn coal minister\u2019s effigy", "text": "KANPUR: The members of Bhartiya Janta Party set on fire the effigy of coal minister, Shriprakash Jaiswal in Benajhabar crossing on Tuesday.The BJP workers were protesting against Coalgate and demanded the resignation of both prime minister, Manmohan Singh and coal minister, Shriprakash Jaiswal.BJP workers had heated arguments with the local police when the latter tried to stop them from burning the effigy of the Coal Minister. The BJP men burnt the Coal Minister's effigy and shouted anti-government slogans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16376850", "title": "Delhi cop's murder: Head constable in police net", "text": "ROHTAK: Police on Wednesday arrested a head constable with Haryana Police for the murder of a Delhi cop. Another accused is already in police custody.Devender, a constable with Delhi Police, was shot eight times inside a car and his body was dumped in a canal near Jhajjar on the night of August 28. His body was recovered two days later and cremated in Rohtak on August 31 after police declared it to be an \"unclaimed body.\"Sandesh Kumar, who was posted at Sampla police station, was produced in a court in Jhajjar which remanded him to five-day police custody for interrogation.Jhajjar police has also declared a reward of Rs 1 lakh on Deepak alias Khillu, the prime accused, who is still absconding. The police teams had been conducting raids in neighbouring states and various places in Haryana to track him down.Bahadurgarh police SHO Vijay Dahiya said, they had taken the accused on remand and would interrogate to find evidences and also to trace pistol used by him in the crime.\"The case became strong with his arrest and now we hope to piece together some more evidences against the accused\", he said.Another accused, Ankit Kumar, who was arrested on September 6 was sent to judicial custody on completion of interrogation on Wednesday.The police had recovered his pistol and also collected evidences, including a blood stained shirt from an abandoned building near Karontha village in Rohtak district on the basis of information provided by the accused.The accused trio including Ankit, Sandesh and absconding Deepak, husband of sarpanch Munesh Devi had shot dead Devender out of grudge emanating out of village panchayat election rivalry. All the accused and the victim belong to Dighal village of Jhajjar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16374375", "title": "Rs 3.6 crore for de-silting works in Salem", "text": "SALEM: Residents of Salem are pleased that it has been raining the past few days, although they are concerned about the water-logging problem and have requested the Salem corporation to de-silt city drains as soon as possible.It rained for two hours on Tuesday night, recording 4cm. However, some areas were flooded, inconveniencing residents. The main problem is the dumping of garbage in drains, blocking the smooth flow of water. About 90 per cent of the drains are clogged, said a resident. Given that the North-East monsoon is just round the corner (October), it is essential for corporation officials to clean the drains immediately.\"Many drains were built forty years ago. At the time of construction, they were three to four feet deep. But now it has reduced to half feet because the corporation failed to de-silt them properly over the years,\" said R P Gopinath, a resident of Shevapet.When approached regarding the issue, Salem corporation commissioner M Asokan said they had started cleaning activities. \"The assistant commissioners of Kondalampatti, Sooramangalam, Hasthampatti and Ammapet have started cleaning activities. Besides, when residents call in about flooding, repairs are conducted immediately,\" said Asokan. Apart from this, 40 city drains are going to be re-constructed soon for which the government has passed a G.O., sanctioning Rs.3.6 crore.This is part of the Integrated Urban Development Mission of Tamil Nadu. Accordingly, 12 works in Kondalampatti zone, 10 works in Sooramangalam zone and 9 works each in Hasthampatti and Ammapet zones will be carried out using the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16374342", "title": "Teachers boycott work to protest attack on professor", "text": "SALEM: Teachers of Salem Government Arts College boycotted work on Wednesday, demanding the arrest of students who assaulted a professor working in the same college.According to police, K Kumar, an assistant professor of physics, was assaulted by three students on Tuesday evening in the classroom when the teacher admonished them for eve teasing. Kumar reported the incident to college principal Rajamani, who forwarded the complaint to police. However, no action has been taken against the students, Kumar lamented.\"Even though students have identity cards, many unauthorized persons roam about on campus with fake IDs, threatening the safety of the faculty,\" said professor S Mara Varman.Two of the students accused of the assault submitted a petition to collector K Maharapushanam regarding the incident on Wednesday. They denied assaulting the professor, saying that when a former student attacked the professor, they only went to his rescue. Now, they are being blamed for the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16375682", "title": "Winding probe, Dalit anger may delay dropping of sedition charge", "text": "Though the Congress-NCP government has decided in principle to drop the charge of sedition against Aseem Trivedi, who walked out on bail on Wednesday, pressure is being mounted by Dalit groups not to go soft on the activist-cartoonist. Moreover, any action in his case could take upwards of at least a month, thanks to a long-drawn procedure involving a probe.\"An offence under section 124A (IPC) for sedition was registered against Trivedi on the opinion given by the public prosecutor. Now that the government is keen to drop the charge, we will study the case afresh and submit a report. The decision will be taken after instructions from the government,\" a senior IPS official said, adding that it may take between 15 days and one month to hand over the report to the government.\"According to law, either an investigating officer can submit a closure report on the grounds that there is no evidence to prove the charge of sedition in court or while submitting the chargesheet, the government can issue directions for withdrawal of the charge. In both options, it will be a long-drawn procedure,\" the officer explained.The long procedure may also come as a breather for the government in the light of threats by Dalit groups. \"If the government decides to drop the charge of sedition, Dalit activists and Buddhist groups will resort to largescale protest as followers of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar feel it will be a direct insult of the Constitution,\" a senior Dalit leader said on Wednesday.\"The cartoonist has crossed the limits and he should be punished for showing the Constitution, Parliament and democracy in bad taste. There is a section in their (anti-corruption protesters') group that does not believe in the Constitution. This group is constantly working against the Constitution and one should check whether Trivedi is part of that group,\" said Prakash Ambedkar, a veteran Dalit leader and former MP.Though the sedition charge is in question, the law-enforcing agencies are determined to pursue the criminal cases filed against Trivedi under the Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour Act, 1971, and the Information Technology Act, 2008. Besides the case at BKC police station, two more cases have been registered against Trivedi in Beed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16375277", "title": "Woman who sacrificed baby kills herself in jail", "text": "ROHTAK: A woman prisoner, who is undergoing life imprisonment for killing her three-month-old daughter in a sacrificial ritual, ended her life by committing suicide in the district jail in Rohtak on Tuesday night.Sonia Devi, 22, a resident of Faridabad town, had been lodged in the female ward in the jail for the last one and a half months.The police said that she had gone to the toilet around 10pm on Tuesday and hanged herself from the ceiling by making knot of her chunni.Another woman who went to the toilet about five minutes later spotted her hanging inside and raised an alarm.Jail superintendent Rajender Siwach informed TOI that she had been suffering from psychiatric problems and was under treatment while in jail. \"She was shifted here from Faridabad jail about one and a half months ago. The medical staff in the jail and the doctors at the PGIMS have been treating her. They had advised us to keep her with other women inmates,\" he said. A judicial inquiry to be conducted by judicial magistrate Rajesh Gupta had been ordered into the incident.According to police sources, she had been awarded life term for killing her three-month-old baby at her parents' residence in Rahul Colony in Faridabad on July 17, 2010. The sources said that she was married to one Raju in 2008. However, on the birth of a girl child in April 2010, her husband had deserted her. She went into depression after some time and started indulging in tantric practices and set up a temple at her parents' house where she had been living.Police said that she had slit the throat of her child when she was asleep in front of the temple when her mother had gone out of the house on July 17, 2010. A Faridabad court awarded life term in the case about six months ago.The jail superintendent said that neither her husband nor her parents had ever come to meet her in the jail during her stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376980", "title": "BSP\u2019s entry makes it a triangular contest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) jumping into the fray after Congress and Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) named their candidates, now the contest for the municipal by-election of ward number 7, has become triangular. Leaders of all the three political parties have already set their base in the constituency. With the campaigning coming to an end on Friday for the by-election to be held on September 15,all the parties are leaving no stone unturned to attract as many voters as possible. They are doing door-to-door campaigning, small public meetings and big rallies which are being addressed by top local leaders. According to sources in both the Congress and the BJP, the local units of the both the parties are facing problems due to internal tussles in the wake of factionalism within the parties. And this kind of scenario was also seen in the municipal elections during the last month in the previous years too.Pardeep Chhabra, senior Congress leader and former city mayor claimed, \"The Congress has an edge, as we have very good support in both -Maloya village and Maloya colony- the two parts of the ward.\"Municipal councillor Arun Sood, who is BJP the general secretary said, \"We have chosen a local candidate, so that she can live among the people, she is representing. And she would also be there for the people in the area round the clock. Besides we had clinched the seat with a big margin of around 1,300 votes and we have good support of the people.\"Hafiz Anwar-Ul-Haq, convener of the local wing of BSP said, \"Both Congress and BJP have not done anything for the people of the ward. All they have done is made empty promises,\" while adding, \"We have people's support.\"The Congress has fielded the party's district II president Poonam Sharma, the BJP has given the ticket to Bindu Rana, daughter-in-law of BJP councillor Laxmi Devi, who died in a road accident around five months ago, while the BSP has fielded Seema Yadav, wife of Congress rebel and former local youth Congress general secretary Jitendera Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375105", "title": "Delhi University Students\u2019 Union polls: Notice to one more student", "text": "NEW DELHI: The candidates contesting for various posts in the Delhi University Students' Union have till 9 am on Thursday, to campaign.With time running out, the canvassing became frantic on Wednesday despite the fact that the decision on the status of the 11 candidates who were served show-cause notices for using printed material was yet to be announced. On Wednesday, yet another candidate was served a notice.While verifying papers of Shalu Raj, a first year BA Programme student at ARSD College, contesting for college secretary, officials discovered that she, as the chief election commissioner, Prof CS Dubey's statement puts it, \"had already got admission during the 2010-11 sessionin Ramjas College in BA (H) Political Science and had failed in annual examination as duly verified by the principal, Ramjas College.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16376506", "title": "BRO workers-cabbies' clash jams Manali", "text": "MANALI: A clash between the workers of Border Roads Organization (BRO) and Manali taxi drivers on Monday resulted in a daylong jam and demonstration against BRO and the police, leading to traffic snarls on Wednesday.Three taxi operators were arrested by Manali police and remanded in three-day police custody on Tuesday. Later, 10 BRO workers were also arrested on Wednesday. Upset with the behaviour of BRO workers on Manali-Rohtang highway and inappropriate legal procedure by police against the three taxi drivers, more than 400 taxi operators from Him-aanchal Taxi Operators Union protested and blocked the Manali-Chandigarh national highway for over four hours.Union president Puran Chand Thakur said the clash took place near Rohtang Pass on Monday and police even impounded the taxis, but took no action against the BRO workers. \"Cops carried out biased proceedings. We video-recorded the entire incident wherein around 30 BRO workers were assaulting our drivers,\" he said.Local MLA, BRO commander and other officials reached the police station to calm the angry mob and the taxi operators were released only after proper discussions. Manali deputy superintendent of police Sanjeev Chauhan said cross FIRs were lodged. \"BRO workers have been booked under sections 147, 148, 149, 323, 341, 506, 427 of IPC and the taxi operators booked under sections 353, 332, 34 of IPC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374123", "title": "New airport terminals not user-friendly, say airlines", "text": "CHENNAI: At Chennai airport, when the snazzy steel and glass international and domestic terminals are finally opened, passengers will have to use shuttle buses to go from one terminal to another as a walkalator linking them will not be ready.The walkalator was supposed to run inside a glass tube underneath a flyover connecting the terminals so passengers arriving from abroad would be able to transfer to the domestic terminal for check-in. As it will not be ready, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) will use shuttle buses for passengers.Airlines are not happy that the AAI is gearing up to open the terminals without completing the walkalator and an Airport Operations Control Centre (AOCC).They have written to the civil aviation ministry highlighting the missing facilities. Inputs were given to the AAI to incorporate them into the terminals to make the them user-friendly but \"a lot of our feedback and opinion have been brushed aside and things are taken forward without the airline fraternity who are end-users,\" says the letter sent last week.\"Lack of walkalator will increase minimum connection time between an airline and airport for passengers to transfer from international to domestic terminal. Tickets on connecting flights are booked based on this. More than 400 passengers transfer from international to domestic flights a day. If the time goes up, Chennai will lose its importance as a transit hub,\" said an airline official.The AOCC is where airlines' representatives, airport operator, immigration, CISF and others monitor operations and allot parking bays, aerobridges, baggage conveyors, check-in counters and other facilities as per flight information data. The concept was accepted by the AAI but no constructive steps were taken, says the letter.\"We are happy the AAI has decided to install inline baggage system. It should also introduce AOCC, the walkalator, rectify the steep incline of ramps in baggage area and complete approach road to access the flyover in front of the terminals,\" said an airline official.\"Minimum connecting time will not be impacted because we will provide shuttle buses for passengers from one terminal to another. A tender has been floated to set up AOCC and we will have a clear picture about its status in a month. AAI is taking all steps to ready the terminal for operation,\" said airport director H S Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374985", "title": "Delhi remains on terror hitlist", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the fourth anniversary of 2008 Delhi serial blast on Thursday, Delhi Police has started tracking the members of Indian Mujahideen, especially Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh, as they fear an IM strike. Four years after the serial blasts rocked the capital, Delhi remains a vulnerable spot.A senior officer told TOI \"it is difficult to identify a terrorist in the population of 1.5 crore, unless we have an intelligence input. Shahrukh is a master of disguise and could be hiding anywhere in the country or in the capital\". Although Delhi Police has modernized itself in anti-terror operations over these years, officers feel that IM keeps recruiting new members and it is difficult to track them.Other factors that make Delhi vulnerable are lack of local intelligence and no proper verification of people coming into the city. Even after years of planning, Delhi Police has not been able to put the intelligence traffic system in place. According to a recent IB alert, Indian Mujahideen may target the capital anytime between September and October, but sadly, cops have no clue about this threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16375192", "title": "900-seat auditorium in Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: MP T Subbarami Reddy said that he would construct a 900-seat auditorium at MVP colony in the port city at a cost of Rs 10 crore, the foundation stone for which would be laid by Chiranjeevi. He said the auditorium, to be dedicated to Vizagites, would be completed in less than a year. He said the hall would come up on Vuda land. On international connectivity to Vizag,Subbarami Reddy said Air India agreed to launch direct flights to Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok , Colombo by January next year from Vizag airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378845", "title": "Confidence building important for economic growth: Central Bank of India CMD", "text": "INDORE: Increased lending to the agriculture, MSME and retail sectors would help the state overcome the concerns of lower GDP growth. This was stated by M V Tanksale, chairman and managing director of Central Bank of India while addressing the 148th state-level bankers' committee (SLBC) meeting in Bhopal on Wednesday.Tanksale underlined the importance of confidence building and said there was ample scope for increasing lendings.He also informed that the Union government has decided to merge three regional rural banks (RRB) operating in the state, including Satpura Narmada, Mahakaushal and Vidisha during the current financial year. Also, he donated a cheque of Rs 10 lakh to Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital &amp; Research Centre, Bhopal the hospital under CSR of the bank.Addressing the participants, M M Upadhyaya, additional chief secretary, government of MP, said, \"Joint efforts of state government and banks will ensure success of financial inclusion in the state. The state has recorded more than 10% GDP growth in the last two years. The growth in agriculture sector in the last financial year was 18.5%. Madhya Pradesh has been selected as the best agriculture state for 2011-12 by a prestigious national agency. As such, there is ample scope for increasing lending to this sector.\"MPCON have been shortlisted as the partner in the new phase of banking linkages within the 5 KM radius of unbanked or under banked villages. They have signed an MoU with all major banks in this regard and other banks are also likely to follow suit soon.Tanksale also announced that two girl students of from each district of the state will be given monthly scholarship of Rs 500 by Central Bank. The scholarship will be available to from 9th standard to 12th standard. The modalities of implementation are being worked out in consultation with state government.PR Ravi Mohan, regional director, Reserve Bank of India, in his address informed that a meeting of controllers of private sector banks operating in the state was convened by RBI with the objective of increasing their participating in the government sponsored schemes and other activities. He further informed that licences for three remaining DCCBs have been issued recently. With this, Madhya Pradesh is one of the few states.D Sarkar, chairman &amp; managing director, Union Bank of India, informed that the meeting coincided with the golden jubilee celebration of Union Bank of India's operations in Madhya Pradesh. He highlighted the key milestones achieved by the bank in the last five decades of its presence in the state.The salient features of the performance of banking sector in the Q1 of the current fiscal in the state are as under:1. CD ratio was 63%, a marginal increase of 0.50% over March, 2012. The CD ratio of rural+semi urban areas increased to 67% (as against 64% in the corresponding period of previous year).2. Aggregate deposits increased to Rs.185876 crore at a YOY growth of 37%.3. Total credit expanded by 23% (YOY) to Rs 117433 crore.4. The 32% of targets under annual credit plan 2012-13 achieved (annual target : Rs 42339 crore, achievement as of 30.6.12 : Rs 13710 crore).5. Agriculture advances marginally increased to Rs 36386 crore.6. MSME sector recorded a YOY growth of 18%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16376214", "title": "Night shift stirs dissent in CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPM has asked its members in West Bengal to depute one amongst them to guard district party offices at night as the leaders feared attacks by ruling Trinamool Congress in the run-up to panchayat polls. The diktat has caused resentment in party ranks, especially, in districts near Kolkata.The order does not apply to members in North Bengal and Kolkata, sources said. Leaders in Purulia and Hooghly said night shifts would help the party reach out to cadres. \"The panchayat polls are round the corner. If there is an attack by Trinamool activists, a senior leader can take a decision,\" said Purulia district secretary Manindra Gope, who has been doing night shifts.CPM spokesperson and former MP Mohammad Salim said the emphasis was on responsible, young and single leaders who could stay in district offices at trouble spots like West Midnapore, South 24-Parganas and Purulia.The CPM has complained of attacks on its zonal and local committee offices, most of which were allegedly occupied by the Trinamool after it came to power in Bengal. CPM leaders fear a fresh surge of attacks ahead of the rural polls.Nepal Deb Bhattacharya, state committee member who does night shifts at the Barasat office every Wednesday, said, \"We must follow the party's diktat. If there is an attack, we will try to reason with them, call a Trinamool leader or inform the police and party seniors. We need an organized response, which explains the directive.\"The order was meant to boost the morale of the cadres, but had the opposite effect. The party's young brigade wondered why leaders aged between 60 and 70 should guard the offices against night attacks. District leaders on 'night shifts' since August are peeved, especially since heavyweights have stayed away. Some leaders were surprised that the party did not insist on police protection for the offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16379213", "title": "Udupi Power Corporation Limited power line to meet 33% of Karnataka\u2019s energy needs", "text": "MANGALORE: With the state's longest transmission line inaugurated on Wednesday by chief minister Jagadish Shettar, power woes of Karnataka will be eased by as much as 33%.The transmission line from Udupi to (Shanthigrama) Hassan will evacuate power from the 1200 MW Thermal Power Plant Udupi Power Corporation Limited (UPCL), which hitherto was a problem. The 400 KV line which is 186 km in length cost Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation (KPTC) Rs 400 crore.Sources said though the Phase II of UPCL generating 600 MW was ready almost a year back, the state government had not given the go ahead for commissioning it as it meant coughing up deemed generation charges of nearly Rs 2 crore per day.Even though there existed only a 220 KV line which could take only 220 MW, nearly 600 MW was being evacuated from UPCL. It sometimes tripped the grid.UPCL has started using the 400 KV line about a fortnight back without any hitches. Kishore Alva, vice-president, UPCL, told TOI, \"The state will get 1200 MW of power which will meet 33% of the energy needs of the state. About 8.3% will be used by Mangalore Electricity Supply Company (Mescom).\"Due to its mega power project status it has to supply 10% of the total power generated to another state, in this case - Punjab. \"As of now the entire 1200 MW will be used by the state and Punjab will be given power as and when it needs it,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16378615", "title": "Indranil Manna is new IIT Kanpur director", "text": "KANPUR: Prof Indranil Manna has been appointed as the new director of IIT, Kanpur after approval by the President of India in his capacity as Visitor of the premier institute.Prof Manna's appointment for the post will be effective for a period of five years or till he attains the age of 70, whichever is earlier, in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down in the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 and the statutes of IIT, Kanpur.An appointment letter in this regard has already been issued by the chairman, Board of Governors, IIT, Kanpur, which Prof Manna has accepted. He would be joining as the director within this month and succeeding Prof SG Dhande who presently holds the top position with an extended term till September 30.TOI, in its September 10 edition was the first to report that the name of Prof Indranil Manna has had been accepted by President of India for the coveted post of director, IIT, Kanpur. The director's office at the institute confirmed on Wednesday evening about the confirmation of Manna's name for the top post.The office, through a press communique, informed that Prof Indranil Manna has been posted as the director of Central Glass &amp; Ceramic Research Institute (CGCRI) since March 1, 2010. Born on January 22, 1961, Prof Manna obtained his BE degree from Calcutta University in 1983 and and M Tech degree in 1984 from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur.After a brief stint at Mishra Dhatu Nigam, Hyderabad, he joined IIT, Kharagpur in 1985 as a lecturer and rose to the position of full professor in 2003. He was in this position till he joined CGCRI as director.Prof Manna is a metallurgical engineer, a renowned educator and a prolific researcher. His significant contribution in the study of amorphous/nanocrystalline Al-alloys, nano-fluid and laser/plasma assisted surface engineering greatly inspired the scientific community. His early contributions in moving boundary phase transformation are still widely cited.As a teacher, Prof Manna has developed several new courses and taught subjects related to phase transformation, materials engineering, surface engineering, thermodynamics and X-ray diffraction. His research interest spans from structure-property correlation in engineering materials including synthesis/application of nano-materials, surface coating/engineering, phase transition, fuel cells, sensors, bainitic steel and mathematical modeling.The press communique also informed that Prof Manna worked as guest scientist in several institutions of excellence and universities abroad such as Max Planck Institute at Stuttgart, Technical University of Clausthal, Nanyang Technological University, Liverpool University, and University of Ulm. Prof Manna is a recipient of INSA Medal for Young Scientists, Young Metallurgist and Metallurgist of the Year Awards, MRSI Medal, AICTE career award, DAAD and the prestigious Humboldt Fellowships.He is also a recipient of the Acta Materialia Best Referee Award for years 1999 and 2003, respectively. The German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD), Bonn appointed Prof Manna as Honorary DAAD Advisor in India for three years, INAE selected him for Indian National Academy of Engineering-All India Council of Technical Education (INAE-AICTE) Distinguished Industry Professorship for 2007-08 to work with Tata Steel, and the Indian Institute of Metals (IIM) conferred upon him the GD Birla Gold Medal for 2008.He has published about 225 peer-reviewed papers, supervised 14 PhDs, 35 M Tech and 50 B Tech theses, carried out 32 sponsored projects worth over Rs 16 crore, and also obtained a patent on amorphous AlCuTi alloy.Prof Manna is a Fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering (FNAE), New Delhi, a Fellow of The National Academy of Sciences of India, Allahabad (FNASc), and a Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore (FASc).Prof Manna was the President of the Materials Science Section of the 97th Indian Science Congress held in Trivandrum during January 3-7, 2010. The INAE has recently awarded him the prestigious \"INAE Chair\" for two years. To date, he remains the third recipient of this prestigious chair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375497", "title": "Pune's Yashda to launch tiger corridor study", "text": "NAGPUR: The Yashwantrao Academy of Development Administration (YASHDA), Pune, will launch a study of tiger corridors in Vidarbha soon. This will be the first official study on corridors by the state forest department.On Wednesday, preliminary talks were held at Nagpur between Bharat Bhushan, professor for environmental planning and secretary of Yashada, and A K Saxena, acting chief wildlife warden and additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF), wildlife, Nagpur (East). Bhushan confirmed having discussed preparation of a detailed project report (DPR) for the corridor study.Yashda, is the administrative training institute of the state government and meets the training needs of departments and rural and urban non-officials and stakeholders. It has been asked to do a corridor study and Rs 18 lakh have been allocated to it by Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management And Planning Authority ( CAMPA), Nagpur.Saxena told TOI Yashda will study tiger corridors between Pench-Nagzira-Navegaon-Bor-Tadoba and its linkages to Kanha and Indravati. \"In the later stages, a corridor study of Melghat will also be done,\" he added.Saxena gave a fair idea of corridors and how they are affected by roads, power lines, railway tracks and canals. Yashda will do sample survey, data collection, movement of tigers, mapping etc and prepare a detailed project report (DPR). Help from NGOs like Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) will also be taken, he said. \"We have asked Yashda to prepare a protocol as early as possible. What practices should be adopted in the corridors will also be suggested,\" Saxena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373811", "title": "To net votes, netas go online", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's politicians are getting social media savvy. With a quarter of the electorate younger than 40 years old, leaders from across parties have ramped up presence in social media to woo young voters.On August 31, 2012, Narendra Modi interacted with people from across the world via a live Google+ Hangout for two hours which created internet traffic, crossing the one million viewer mark. Modi has also launched his own phone app, which updates people about events, blogs and speeches.Similarly, Modi's rival and former Gujarat chief minister, 84-year-old Keshubhai Patel , recently created a blog and also joined Google Plus and Twitter with a cheerful display picture.Gujarat Congress has, for the first time, created a full-fledged information technology department to manage social media accounts. Gujarat Congress has been promoting poll schemes like Ghar nu Ghar through social networking sites.Both Congress and BJP have gone the Barack Obama way. The US president used the internet to reach tech-savvy voters during the presidential elections in 2008. The parties, through their pages on social media sites, have been fighting it out in cyberspace.Shaktisinh Gohil, Leader of Opposition, Gujarat Legislative Assembly, has revamped his website.Out of a total 3.78 crore voters in Gujarat, 2.05 crore voters are in the 18-39 years age group. According to Prabhavya Interactive, an Ahmedabad-based agency tracking social media, Gujarat has 25 lakh social media users above the age of 18, of which 76% are male and 24% are female.According to experts, these are educated individuals and it is easy and free to engage them on social media.Dheeraj Sharma, associate professor at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, said, \"Young voters are very active on social networking sites so it makes sense using social media. It is a cost-effective medium to reach people, can galvanize them rapidly and spread messages in a short span of time. Besides, they are able to reach target segments more precisely than by traditional media.\"The State Election Commission (SEC) too, in a bid to increase voting has decided to target the youth through social networking sites. The SEC has decided to implement Systematic Voters Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) programme. Under SVEEP, the commission wants to target those who are eligible to vote but remain absent from voting or have not registered on electoral rolls. This drive will specially focus on inclusion of women and youth voters.Aakash Srivastava, a faculty member at Mudra Institute of Communications Ahmedabad and founder of Prabhavya, said, \"Very few players have leveraged the inherent interactivity of the medium to engage young urban voters by addressing concerns. Both major parties and their prominent leaders seem content with one-way political communication that one would find in other mainstream media. We hope to see a more mature social media engagement strategy from the parties now.\"(Inputs by Himanshu Kaushik)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375300", "title": "Signature Tower intersection goes signal-free from Monday", "text": "GURGAON: In order to decongest the busy intersection at Signature Tower, the traffic police plan to make it signal-free from coming Monday (September 17). However, before making it a permanent feature, a trial run will be conducted this weekend to study its feasibility.The new traffic diversion plan will be implemented under the Signature Tower flyover on the service lanes on both sides. For the traffic coming from IFFCO Chowk side and wanting to go towards Rajiv Chowk, a mandatory left turn has been enforced on the service lane.Instead of waiting at the signal, vehicles will have to take the mandatory left turn and travel some distance and then again take a U-turn to continue the journey towards Rajiv Chowk.Similarly, vehicles coming from Rajiv Chowk into the Signature Tower sevice lane will have to take a left turn towards MDI and after some distance will take U-turn to go towards IFFCO Chowk.However, there is a problem with this arrangement. Vehicles coming from HUDA City Centre and going towards MDI will come in the way of the traffic from IFFCO Chowk to Rajiv Chowk and vice versa.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"We are conducting this trial run to find a solution to this problem. We hope that widening of the roads will give space for the smooth movement in loop.\" The waiting time at this intersection is over 10 minutes and commuters can only move after red signals turn green two to three times. This is the second time the traffic police are abolishing the traffic signal at an intersection on the expressway. Last time, traffic police made Shankar Chowk signal-free. The experiment proved to successful in decongesting the area to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16372123", "title": "iPhone 5 launched: 4-inch screen, 18% thinner, 20% lighter", "text": "NEW DELHI: iPhone 5, the world's most-awaited gadget, is here. iPhone has been here since 2007, but Apple gave it a completely new avatar made of glass and aluminium on Wednesday in a bid to take on the rising challenge from Android brigade.iPhone 5 is everything that a smartphone owner could possibly ever desire for: It is taller, leaner, lighter, shinier and packs in much more punch than ever.Yet, to call it a completely revamped, revolutionary smartphone that was being expected of Apple in the post-Jobs era would be a hyperbole. While the launch seemed to enthuse Apple watchers, it had little impact on the company's stock price movement on the Wall Street.However, Apple did well to retain the same price tags as earlier generation iPhone 4S. iPhone 5 will cost the same as its predecessor -- $199, $299 and $399 for 16, 32 and 64 GB versions respectively. For now, Apple has announced iPhone in two dual-tone colours black and slate as well as white and silver, with aluminium finish.Pre-orders for the iPhone 5 will commence on September 14 and it will hit the shelves in US, UK, Canada , Germany, France, Australia, Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore on September 21, followed by 22 more countries on September 28. Apple again did not make any announcement about India launch plans, but iPhone 5 is expected to arrive in India in the first half of November.As expected, Apple also announced that it is discontinuing the sale of iPhone 3GS whereas iPhone 4 8GB model will now become the entry-level variant which will be bundled free with lock-in plans in US.The new iPhone 5 is 7.66mm thick, almost a whopping 18% thinner than its predecessor iPhone 4S, weighs just 112 gram, again 20% lighter than 4S. It packs a phenomenal Retina display with 326 pixels per inch, 1136x640 pixel resolution and 16:9 aspect ratio for full-screen movie playback.Under the hood, the Apple iPhone runs on a new dual-core Cortex A6 processor based on A-15 chips from ARM, which makes the device twice as fast as its predecessor without being quad-core. In fact, in another first for iPhone, the iPhone 5 uses a common chip for voice as well as data, along with a single radio chip.Apple, which received a bit of flak on the battery front in the past, seems to have reworked the battery of iPhone 5 with 225 hours of standby time. This includes 8 hours of 3G and 4G LTE browsing, 8 hours of 3G talk time, 10 hours of Wi-Fi browsing, 10 hours of video playback and 40 hours of music play.There seems to be some disappointment in store for those who were expecting a 12 megapixel camera in iPhone 5. The phone sports an 8MP HD rear camera with panorama mode (at 28MP), backside illumination, hybrid IR filter, five element lens, and f/2.4 aperture. All these features will also be available in the iPhone 4S with the iOS 6 update.Other features of the camera -- 25% smaller than the snapper on iPhone 4S -- include dynamic low light mode, sapphire crystal and precision lens alignment, all of which are enough for iPhone 5 to be taken seriously for its camera.The front camera in iPhone 5 for FaceTime will now support HD videos at 720p. It has an aluminium rear sensor and features three microphones -- one each at the bottom, top and rear. For further audio enhancement during FaceTime calls, iPhone 5 features a new beam-forming, directional microphone system, with background noise cancellation technology.What's more, in the iOS6 users can now share pictures via iCloud's Shared Photo Streams using the iPhone 5.Significantly, iPhone 5 will have LTE 4G functionality that can transfer data at much faster rate. The phone will be able to switch between antennae in order to support the network.It will be interesting to see how rivals will react to the LTE-equipped iPhone 5. Arch rival Samsung and HTC few days ago threatened Apple with patent lawsuits if it ported iPhone 5 with LTE.Considering that LTE is already present in the flagship phone of Samsung and the fact that LTE has not been rolled out on a large scale even worldwide, the feature may not excite buyers in many markets, including India. Apple has announced LTE support on Sprint, AT&T; and Verizon in the US, but not on T-Mobile .Apple also unveiled the much-rumoured new 9-pin dock connector called Lightning, which is 80% smaller than the 30-pin dock connector so far common in iPods, iPhones and iPads of earlier generation.The new dock connector has 8-signal design and can be plugged in the device from either side, making it easier for the user. The company will also sell an adapter for older Apple connectors.Meanwhile, to complete the new eco-system, Bose , JBL and some other companies are already working on speakers and docks meant for iPhone 5.Confirming another rumour, Apple said the iPhone 5 will not be compatible with existing sim cards. This means iPhone 5 users will have to move to new nano sim cards to be issued by the operators around the world in sync with the phone's launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374358", "title": "Techie held on charges of rape", "text": "COIMBATORE: A software engineer was arrested here on Wednesday night on charges of rape. Police said both the accused and victim hailed from Sivaganga district and had been in love for the past nine years. They had been living together in a rented house near Ganapathy for the past four years.According to police, the software engineer backtracked from his promise of marrying the victim and had been absconding for the past three months.The victim, R Rani (27) (name changed), native of Kabilan Street in Sivaganga district lodged a complaint where she said R David (28) (name changed) of the same area had completed his schooling along with her at Sivaganga district. They had been in love since class XII. Later, Rani moved to Coimbatore to pursue homeopathy and Daniel joined a private engineering college at Kovilpatti in Thoothukudi district.She completed her homeopathy course in 2004 and was working in a homeopathy clinic in the city, residing in a rented house at Ganapathy. Meanwhile, Daniel completed his engineering course and got a job with a software firm in Chennai. He often visited Coimbatore to meet Rani and stayed with her.On January 14, 2008, a ceremony was held in the presence of their friends at Thanjavur where Rani and David exchanged rings. Based on his request, Rani converted to Christianity. For the last four years they were in a live-in relationship.However, David started avoiding Rani for the past three months and did not even attend to her phone calls. He seized the ring he had given her and stopped visiting Coimbatore altogether. He told Rani that he was trying to get a job abroad as his family had found a bride for him.On Tuesday night, Rani lodged a police complaint with the Sarvanampatti police, who registered a case against Daniel under section 496 (marriage ceremony fraudulently gone through without lawful marriage), 493 (cohabitation caused by a man deceitfully inducing a belief of lawful marriage), 376 (punishment for rape) and 417 (punishment for cheating) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375817", "title": "Despite Tatra FIR, BEML placed more orders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Undeterred by the ongoing CBI investigation into allegations of irregularities in import of Tatra trucks and the filing of an FIR in the case, public sector undertaking BEML had written to Tatra Sipox in UK placing orders for purchase of more trucks.The CBI had on March 30 registered an FIR naming UK-based businessman Ravinder Kumar Rishi, his firm Vectra and unnamed officials from defence establishments as accused in the Tatra scam.But nearly two months later, BEML wrote to Tatra Sipox UK seeking delivery of more Tatra trucks, Rishi's counsel senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi claimed in the Supreme Court on Wednesday and produced one such letter by BEML to Tatra Sipox UK seeking urgent delivery of a 4x4 Tatra truck for 88,000.Rohatgi told a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar that on one hand the CBI had issued a lookout notice against Rishi to prevent him from going back to UK alleging that the charges were serious in nature but on the other hand, the government unit was still doing business with Tatra Sipox UK, which was owned by Rishi.Responding to BEML's May 28 letter, signed on May 31 by assistant general manager (purchase) A V Surendra, Tatra Sipox UK replied through Elena Ustynovic, \"We would like to inform you that the chassis will be ready for shipment on or before January 15, 2013 and we request you to establish L/C with an expiry date of February 2, 2013 for an amount of 88,000.\"But additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra,arguing for the CBI,said, \"The accused is a British citizen and in case he leaves the country, it will be a long legal battle before he can be brought back to India to face trial. That was the reason for immediate issuance of lookout notice after registration of the FIR as a preventive measure to avoid future litigation to secure presence of Rishi in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376835", "title": "Now, deadline for suggestions to mining policy till Oct 10", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced on Wednesday that in view of the Shah commission report, the government has extended the deadline-till October 10-for the public to give suggestions to the draft mining policy, as people may get new ideas to incorporate into the draft policy. He said that effectively, people would have got two months for giving suggestions but the government must come out with some framework by October 31.Stating that some people are demanding the scrapping of the mining policy, Parrikar asked, \"It is just a draft. How do you scrap it?\" The chief minister said that the government has extended the deadline of the task force appointed to select the buffer zones from September 15 till October 31, also in view of the Shah commission report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374976", "title": "Govt appoints new divisional commissioner &amp; secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dharam Pal has been appointed as the new divisional commissioner and secretary (revenue) by the Delhi government on Wednesday. Pal will replace Vijay Dev who has been transferred as chief electoral officer. A 1988-batch AGMU cadre IAS officer, Pal was holding the charge of secretary (food and civil supplies).Dev was transferred to election office by Union home ministry earlier this month. Senior government officials claim the home ministry took this decision without taking Delhi government into confidence. The government did try to pursue the Union government to cancel the transfer orders but failed to get it done, officials said. Meanwhile, the home ministry appointed Narendra Kumar as secretary in food and civil supplies department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374120", "title": "Accused of theft, woman kills self", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 24-year-old woman from Sivarampally, who set herself ablaze after being accused of theft by her aunt, succumbed to burns while undergoing treatment at Osmania General Hospital (OGH) on Wednesday.The victim was identified as Priyanka of Uddamguda in Sivarampally. Since the death of her parents a few years ago, Priyanka had been staying with her aunt Anuradha in Chatrinaka.Recently, Anuradha reported a theft at her house and a case was booked at the Chatrinaka police station. Anuradha told police that she had suspected Priyanka's role in the theft. Subsequently, police reportedly summoned Priyanka to the police station for questioning.After a round of interrogation on September 5, Priyanka went to home, doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze. With 60% burns, Priyanka was shifted to Osmania General Hospital.When contacted, the Chatrinaka police said that they never summoned Priyanka to the police station in relation to the theft case. The Shivarampally police booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and shifted the body for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376316", "title": "India short of 2.36L dieticians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diet-conscious Indians don't have enough dieticians to consult for a healthy diet.A comprehensive study on the shortage of dieticians conducted by the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) and submitted to the Union health ministry says the nation is short by nearly 2.36 lakh dieticians.Uttar Pradesh recorded the highest shortage of trained dieticians at about 40,000, followed by Maharashtra (21,925), Bihar (20,385), West Bengal (17,847), Andhra Pradesh (16,351) and Madhya Pradesh (14,128). Similarly, Tamil Nadu was short of 14,097 dieticians, Rajasthan (13,288), Karnataka (11,823), Odisha (8,170), Kerala (6,534), Haryana (4,936) and Delhi (3,317).Lack of proper nutritional advice is posing a problem for India, which is suffering from the dual burden of under nutrition and over nutrition among children and adults.International Confederation of Dietetic Associations says India has less than one dietician (0.3) per 1 lakh population. In comparison, there were 25 dieticians per one lakh population in Denmark and Israel , and 56 for a similar head count in Japan.National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) comes out with a nutritional guideline for Indians, but very few know what it actually recommends.Experts say dieticians were never given much importance till a decade ago. But, now their presence is of paramount importance in both hospitals and standalone clinics.Kavita Narayan, hospital and health systems expert from PHFI, who directed the study, said, \"The Paramedical Council being planned by the ministry should be broken under heads like therapeutic, curative, rehabilitative and non-direct care rather than have separate Councils for the 140 plus categories of paramedical disciplines. A faulty diet is behind many of India's health problems.\"Dr Subhash Salunke, former director general of health services of Maharashtra, said, \"The major constraints are that the number of institutes which are training qualified dieticians are few. Besides, the perception that dieticians are needed is low. Thanks to lifestyle changes, their role in promotive healthcare is vital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16379034", "title": "Davis Cup: Test for young Indians in absence of star players", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It will be the beginning of a new era in Indian tennis when a young Davis Cup team, sans all the proven stars, battles it out against New Zealand to stay in the Asia Oceania Group I from Friday.A 20-year-old Yuki Bhambri and Vishnu Vardhan , who impressed at the London Olympics, will lead the Indian challenge in the absence of the big names who damaged their reputations with public spats not so long ago.Every country faces transition when the seniors pass on the baton to the youngsters but the way it has begun in Indian tennis is not something to cheer about.The foursome of Leander Paes , Mahesh Bhupathi , Rohan Bopanna and Somdev Devvarman are missing in the line-up and it will be a big test of nerves and skills for the youngsters.Both Paes and Somdev Devvarman, who is out due to a shoulder problem, are expected to make a comeback when the next Davis Cup assignment comes.However, there is uncertainty if Bhupathi and Bopanna will come back to represent the nation in the Davis Cup as they have been axed from the side due to the bitter selection row ahead of the Olympics which started with both of them refusing to partner Paes.The national federation, AITA, could afford to kick them out and experiment with the youngsters since they are capable of taking the fight with not-so-strong rival in New Zealand in this tie.The rankings and the recent performances point towards superiority of young Indian players and the hot weather conditions would also suit them but it will be a mistake to take the Kiwis lightly in the first round of the play-off tie.The winner will remain in Group I while the loser will play Chinese Taipei next month, where the vanquished team will be relegated to Group II for the 2013 season.India would fancy their chances in the tie since Yuki, Vishnu Divij Sharan and Sanam Singh all have had a very good season thus far. Both in ranking and performance on the Tour, Indian players are a notch above the Kiwis.Yuki is the highest-ranked singles player among all, who will play in this tie, at 179th.The Delhi lad, who has amazing fighting skills and some big ground strokes, has won Challenger titles in both the singles and the doubles this season. He has also reached quarter-finals of four other tournaments.Compared to that, New Zealand's top player Jose Rubin Statham is ranked 317th. He was mostly successful while playing ITF Futures, a notch below the Challengers, winning three titles.But he has struggled in the Challenger circuit as reaching pre-quarterfinals only once is his best show.However when it comes to experience of playing in the Davis Cup, the Kiwis are much better than the hosts.Jose Rubin Statham (23), Daniel King-Turner (32), Michael Venus (10) and Artem Sitak (5) have the experience of playing 70 matches among them, compared to just five of the Indians.Yuki is the most experienced with three matches in two ties while Vishnu and Sanam have played one match each.But India has rising stars in Vishnu, Sanam and Divij. While Vishnu has done well in both singles and doubles, Divij has had a great season in doubles.There was great drama when Paes reluctantly paired with Vishnu for the London Games but the youngster came up with a gritty performance, not dropping his serve even once while playing against the biggies of the world tennis such as Jo Wilfred Tsonga.Serve is Vishnu's biggest strength apart from having a calm head over his shoulders. He has won three Futures singles titles this season apart from winning a doubles challenger with Divij and ending runners-up in two others.Sanam, the local lad, is not ranked high a he stands at 367 in singles but he has done well in singles and has actually beaten his team-mates Yuki and Vishnu this season.While he beat Yuki in last week's Shanghai challenger, he had defeated Vishnu in a Futures event.The left-handed Divij, meanwhile, rose to top-100 two days back and forced the selectors to draft him into the squad after being selected as a reserve player. He replaced Saketh Myneni.Divij, who hails from Delhi, reached five Challengers and won two titles -- one each with Yuki and Vishnu.For the Kiwis, Daniel King Turner, ranked 382 in singles, will do the singles duty with Jose. He has only one Futures title under his belt but he has beaten players such as Yuichi Sugita of Japan and Alexander Kudryavtsev of Russia .Then, Michael Venus (ranked 592 in singles and 423 in doubles) and Artem Sitak (705 and 380) have mostly done well in doubles and are likely to present a good challenge to the Indian pair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376594", "title": "Gujjar-Meo tussle over 6-bigha land continues", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bharatpur district administration has maintained a status quo over the disputed piece of land which triggered the violence in Gopalgarh on September 14, 2011.As the battle over ownership is on at a sub-magistrate court in Pahari, Gujjars and Meos continue to lay claim on the property. While the Gujjar community claims that the land is earmarked as a pond as per the official documents, the Meo Muslims maintain that it is meant for a graveyard.The riots broke out when the two parties failed to resolve the 42-year-old dispute over the six-bigha land.Sher Singh, former Gopalgarh sarpanch and husband of the present sarpanch said, \"The land is part of a pond dug by kings in ancient times. In 1950s, a patwari (revenue official), by mistake, clubbed the land with the graveyard near the mosque.\"However, Meo Muslims are in no mood to give away the claim on the land they believe is meant for a graveyard.\"While digging the land, some buried bodies were found. So, it ends the dispute,\" said a local public representative.However, IG Bharatpur Anand Srivastava said the case of ownership is sub-judice. \"We have made elaborate security arrangements and will not allow anyone to enter that area on September 14,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375171", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited promoters dodge police probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The investigation in the forgery case against Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL) promoters is yet to gather momentum. Despite receiving three notices from police, the promoters have not appeared before the investigating officer (IO) of the case. Despite having - what the police claims is - incriminating evidence against the promoters - Central Crime Station (CCS) bosses are still waiting for them to turn up for questioning.On July 31, representatives of Karvy Stock Broking Ltd (KSBL) had lodged a complaint against the promoters of DCHL alleging that they had mortgaged same shares multiple times and procured loans from financial institutions by forging documents. Based on their complaint, CCS sleuths had booked a case on August 1 against three DCHL promoters - chairman T Venkattram Reddy and vice-chairmen T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer - under Sections 406, 420, 468 and 471 r/w 34 of the IPC.A few days later, CCS police served notices on the trio asking them to appear before the IO. Notices were also served on the complainant company Karvy and another investment firm involved in the entire issue, Future Capital Holdings Limited (FCHL).Representatives of Karvy and FCHL duly responded to the notices and gave all the information sought by police. However, the DCHL promoters, through their representatives, informed police that they were either unwell or not available in the city and sought some time to appear before the IO.As the trio did not appear before police even after a fortnight after the notice, CCS sleuths had sent another notice to DCHL promoters in the third week of August, reminding them to appear before the IO. \"We got the same response from the representatives of DCHL, saying that they are sick and need some time. However, they have not produced any proof to show that they are not well,\" a CCS official said.Meanwhile, CCS police, a few days ago, managed to recover the document which DCHL promoters reportedly gave to Future Capital Holdings (FCH) to procure the loan. \"The document was handed over to FCH by a DCHL representative. We have identified that person and there are eye-witnesses to the transaction,\" a CCS official said.A DCHL representative signed on the document and investigators said that the signature appears to be forged. \"The signature consists of a single letter and nothing else,\" a source added. To obtain the version of DCHL promoters, CCS sleuths have sent them a third notice on September 6. \"After receiving the notice, the legal representatives of DCHL informed police that the promoters will turn up before the IO in three days, but so far they have not done so,\" the CCS official said.\"As the promoters failed to present themselves before the IO even after receiving three notices, CCS sleuths can arrest them provided they have prima facie evidence,\" a senior police officer said. \"Since the case was registered, we have sent notices thrice asking them to appear before the IO. We are strictly proceeding as per law and, if they fail to respond, we will again issue notices,\" Hyderabad additional CP (Crime) Ahsan Reza told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375941", "title": "5 cluster towns to decongest Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The government is getting its act together to get the pressure off Bangalore by developing towns on the city's periphery and connecting them via expressways.The Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation ( KIUDFC) has proposed to develop about 8,005 sq km area coming under the jurisdiction of Bangalore Metropolitan Region Development Authority (BMRDA) as a \"city cluster development project\".\"BMRDA has planned to set up five satellite townships and develop them as self-sustainable cities. The state government had approved a BMRDA proposal in this regard in June 2006,\" said Suresh Kumar, minister of law and urban development department.The proposal is now before the Centre for its approval.Under the city cluster development project, Bidadi (in Ramnagara taluk) will be developed as Knowledge City. Ramanagara will be developed as Healthcare city, Sathanur in Kanakapura taluk will be developed as Textile/Apparel city, Solur in Magadi taluk will be a Manufacturing city and Nandagudi in Hoskote will come up as Hardware/Manufacturing city. These five towns around Bangalore will be connected to the Outer Ring Road (ORR) of Bangalore through four-lane expressways.The minister also said that some of the key projects under this plan, especially the establishment of the international airport at Devanahalli and completion of the proposed peripheral road, will put a number of urban settlements such as Nelamangala, Doddaballapur, Vijayapura, Hoskote and Malur on the path of rapid development.\"The structure plan has identified the five development corridors as a measure of dispersed concentration. Some of the emerging spatial patterns in the BMR growth are Bangalore-Hosur Industrial Development Corridor, Bangalore-Whitefield Corridor, Bangalore-Nelamangala-Tumkur Corridor, New International Airport Corridor and Bangalore-Ramanagara-Bidadi Corridor. Asian Development Bank has also identified the Bangalore-Tumkur-Mysore City Cluster as one of the fastest growing urban regions in India,\" said Kumar.4 heritage cities plannedThe government is also planning to develop Bidar, Gulburga, Badami and Mysore as heritage cities. These cities will be provided world-class sanitation, road and other infrastructural facilities. The World Bank has proposed a grant of Rs 500 crore for this project.24x7 water to 13 townsYadgir, Shahbad, Nippani and Gokak will be fully covered for 24x7 water supply. Haveri, Bidar, Bellary, Hospet, Raichur, Sindhanur, Chamrajnagar, Gadag-Betagiri and Basavakalyan will be partly covered under the project to provide 24x7 drinking water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377966", "title": "Officials assure job to kin of deceased constable", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The family members of a constable, who died in Lucknow, staged protest at the Reserve Police Line here on Wednesday demanding job for the kin of the deceased.After the senior cops assured the family members that kin of the deceased constable would be given job, the latter were pacified and returned with the body of the deceased.As per report, constable Uday Kumar (42), a native of Pratapgarh, was suffering from jaundice. He was transferred to Allahabad from Ghazipur about two months back and posted at Police Lines.On August 10, Uday had reportedly sought leave from his senior. But when he failed to get leave, he reportedly left for Pratapgarh without informing his seniors.Uday's family members said he was undergoing treatment at a hospital in Allahabad but doctors had referred him to Lucknow. He died in Lucknow on Tuesday during treatment.SSP Mohit Agarwal said Uday was ill for the past one and half years. His family members wanted to know whether Uday's the would get the job in his place since he was absent from duty, SSP added.Suicide bid by undertrial: An under-trial identified as Ashish on Wednesday made an abortive attempt to hurt himself inside lock up located on the collectorate campus under Colonelganj police station. As per reports, he had been brought here for court hearing. Ashish was lodged at the Naini central jail for the last two years after police slapped on him cases under the Gangsters Act. Reports added that the under-trial was locked up in a room on the collectorate campus where he made an attempt to hurt himself with a blade. When cops on duty noticed it, they aborted his bid. The under-trial had also moved an application which would be heard on September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16378014", "title": "Dadhikando Mela site marred by civic mess", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mayor Abhilasha Gupta on Wednesday inspected Sulemsari locality in view of Sulemsarai Dadhikando Mela.The mayor inspected the entire mela stretch from Begum Bazar to Subedarganj and found that drains located on both sides of the roads were filled with silt and mud. The streetlights installed at mela area stretch were out of order and the culvert was in bad shape near Mundera.Locals told the mayor that drains have not been cleaned for the past six months despite the fact senior administrative officials including commissioner, district magistrate and ADM (city) had carried out inspections in view of mela.They alleged that despite repeated complaints, sanitary staff has not started the cleaning drive.The mayor directed the nagar swastha adhikari and sanitary inspector to carry out cleanliness drive within two days in the mela area. She also recommended action against the erring sanitary workers and ordered to shift them to another ward. She also directed the streetlight department to repair lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16376132", "title": "The saint who conquered Madras in 1897", "text": "CHENNAI: He is remembered for his rousing speech at the Parliament of the World's Religions in Chicago in 1893. But to some fisherfolk in Chennai, Swami Vivekananda was the unusual visitor who struck up a conversation with them about life in general.After a four-year trip abroad, when the spiritual leader made his way back to the subcontinent in 1897, his first major port of call was Madras. A colonial structure facing the Marina became a temporary home through the nine days he lived in the city. He was first received by the king of Ramnad when he reached Rameswaram from Colombo. Vivekananda then travelled to Chennai on a train and was brought in a procession from the Egmore railway station to Castle Kernan, the earlier name of Vivekananda House.On most days Vivekananda bathed in the sea and interacted with fisherfolk. \"During an earlier visit in 1892, Swamiji had a wrestling bout with some persons on the beach,\" recalls Swami Atmashraddhananda of the Sri Ramakrishna Math. But this time was different as people were eager to meet the reformer who had founded the Ramakrishna Mission.The Castle was the venue of many of his meetings with leaders like C Rajagopalachari. His first lecture on February 7 at the Victoria Public Hall set the tone for the rest of his stay. \"As the huge crowd outside the hall wanted to listen to him, he addressed them atop a carriage. But it had to be abruptly stopped due to the chaos there. After this, the reception committee decided to issue 1 and 2 tickets for his lectures,\" says Swami Atmashraddhananda, who has written several articles about the visit. Vivekananda addressed a variety of groups, including Triplicane Literary Society and Social Reform Association of Black Town (now, George Town ). He spoke with verve about the need to remove social evils and had theological deliberations on vedanta and monism and dualism in Hinduism.On the last day of his visit, Vivekananda spoke at Harmston Circus Pavilion on 'The Future of India'. V Krishnasamy, a member of the then ruling body, Madras Executive Council, requested him to send a representative to continue his work. \"I shall send you one who is more orthodox than the most orthodox of the south,\" he replied. Later, he sent Swami Ramakrishnananda who started a branch of the Ramakrishna Math in Chennai.He left the city on February 15. Though he visited Madras again in 1899, he could not embark as he had come from Kolkata, which saw an outbreak of plague. But he presented a jar containing water from the river Ganga, considered holy by Hindus. Even today, the jar is brought out on important occasions at the Math.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16375321", "title": "HC order highlights scam in Haryana jobs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Job scams are nothing new to Haryana. With the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday quashing the recruitment of 1983 physical training instructors in schools, the appointment procedures being followed by the government have come under the scanner once again.Haryana has a history of irregularities and violation of rules in recruitment of its employees. In less than two decades, recruitment of thousands of employees, including constables, patwaris and teachers, was set aside.Tuesday's HC order, quashing recruitment of the PT teachers, which was made by Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government in 2009, has brought to light the irregularities once again.The court observed that \"the selection does not pass the test of it being in accordance with the law, rendering the selection illegal.\"In 2005, the HC had set aside the selection of over 2,000 patwaris. Of this, 1,248 were recruited by Bhajan Lal government in 1994 and 1,056 were appointed during Bansi Lal government. The petitioners had alleged that merit was completely ignored during the selection process. Citing media reports, the petitioners had pointed out that in one of his speeches, Bhajan Lal had said that there would be a patwari from each house in Adampur constituency.In another case, the Hooda government had set aside the appointment of 819 constables in 2005. The postings were done by the Om Prakash Chautala government in September-December, 2004.The selection process had also been reportedly questioned by the Election Commission, citing the provisions of the model code of conduct. However, the government did not follow the EC directives and finalized the appointments. Later, the HC had ordered a CBI investigation into the case.Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala, his son Ajay and two IAS officers were among 60 persons named in the chargesheet filed by the CBI in 2008 in the junior basic trained (JBT) teachers' recruitment scam in which the accused allegedly used forged documents to appoint 3,206 teachers.In 2011, the recruitment of over 9,000 junior basic trained teachers by the Haryana government came under the HC scanner after a preliminary inquiry held that candidates impersonated, forged and cheated during the examinations. A detailed probe into the case will be held by the education board and deputy commissioner, Bhiwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16377240", "title": "5-year-old Krish goes missing from Pardi", "text": "NAGPUR: City police seem to have made it a habit to take complaints of kids going missing lightly without realizing that it could lead to grave consequences. Kalamna police took almost nine hours to lodge a missing complaint in case of five-year-old Krish Kaikade who went missing on Tuesday.They actually sent back the worried family twice before making any move. Krish has been untraceable for more than 24 hours from Mahajanpura near Pardi. His mother had gone to fetch a water bottle from inside leaving a crying Krish, in his school uniform, outside the house. Krish was missing when she came back. The family members fear he may have been kidnapped. \"He is weak and cannot walk or run fast. It is impossible he could have gone far by himself,\" a relative said.Geeta informed Krish's father Sunil who owns a paan kiosk near HB Town. After their efforts to trace Krish failed, the couple approached Kalamna police station at 1 pm.City police made Geeta and Sunil, Krish's parents, run helter skelter before registering a missing complaint. When the family first approached Kalamna police station with the complaint, the police, instead of sending messages on wireless or alerting the bike-borne patrolling cops, made the economically weak family to return after four hours after having searched at more places.At 5 pm, the family was told to bring 24 photographs of the boy of different sizes. It took another four hours for the family to arrange. It was only on Wednesday that Kalamna police reached Krish's home and recorded the statement of the family and neighbours.Geeta still seems unable to come to terms with her loss. \"I came back from inside the room within a few minutes filling up a small water bottle as he was crying for it and the boy was not there,\" she said. Geeta said that Krish was about to leave for Balwadi with her in the noon when the incident took place. Krish's younger sister three-year-old Payal goes to Anganwadi at 10 am and the boy leaves after two hours.\"Krish is shy and introvert. He does not entertain strangers or anyone other than family members,\" said another family member. Family sources said Krish would not leave the lane and prefer playing with the younger sister and another cousin of their age.In August, Lakadganj police had taken more than 24 hours to register a case in case of three-year-old Chand Babu. Fortunately, the boy was rescued from kidnappers in Bihar within a couple of days but the police seem to have learnt no lesson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373897", "title": "Protected Isanpur mosque besieged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has sought an explanation from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the state archeological department for their inaction in removing encroachment near the historic monument of the Isan Malik mosque at Isanpur.The group that manages the heritage structure, the Isan Malik Namaji Committee, submitted in its petition that it had made several representations to AMC about illegal construction near the mosque. However, the authorities did nothing to restrain the encroachers.The committee moved the high court through advocate A K Mavalankar, who contended that the state government in 1993 had declared the mosque as a protected monument under the Gujarat Ancient Monuments Sites &amp; Remains Act.The structure has got mention in a prestigious publication of the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) 'The Muhammadan Architecture of Ahmedabad'. Thus, it is nationally important as well.The petitioners say as many as 19 shops and other illegal constructions have not only blocked the entrance to the mosque, but also raised fears of causing damage to the protected monument.\"In 2002 post-Godhra riots, this mosque was damaged and worshippers stayed away from offering Namaz here. Then councillor Govind Thakor took advantage of the deserted site and constructed some shops and later others also followed him,\" the petition reads and wants the constructions demolished.Justice R M Chhaya on Tuesday issued notices to the civic body and the state archeological department asking them to file their replies by September 20, when further hearing is scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379661", "title": "Darshan opens up about Sangolli Rayanna", "text": "At a recently organised press conference Darshan spoke about Sangolli Rayanna.\"What you have seen in the quality of the promo is not even one percent of the way the entire film is made. I have seen the run through before the background score and it has come out fantastic. I will be paying glowing tributes to three people responsible for it-producer Anand Appugol, director Naganna and writer Keshava Audithya. Every artist in the film looks perfectly convincing in the role he plays. The audio has variety of songs and background score by Hari Krishna is top class. I have taken nearly 32 days to dub for the film often bunking my dubbing schedules in the fear whether I can accept this challenge. But it was Naganna who pampered me and pressurized me to give the best,\" said Darshan. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376883", "title": "Students\u2019 council can be like House of Commons: VC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Setting the agenda for more participatory and responsible 'governance' by the new Panjab University campus student council (PUCSC), vice-chancellor Arun Grover on Wednesday asked the winning group to draw inspiration from the British parliamentary system.Urging the council to adopt the best democratic practices followed in House of Lords and the House of Commons in the UK, the VC mooted the idea of including even defeated candidates on various decision-making committees to give a fair chance to all.He was addressing the new PUCSC members and the department representatives at the oath-taking ceremony on the campus on Wednesday. The new panel of Satinder Singh, Seerat Arora , Kuldeep Singh and Kanaihya Lal took oath amid tight security outside PU's mathematics department.\"We must take inspiration from UK parliament. Several committees can be formed to take care of various aspects related to student welfare,\" Grover pointed out. He said the council must be made more effective by including even those who had lost the polls on key student panels. \"In line with the cabinet and shadow cabinet in the British system, there can be a spokesperson of the winning party and that of the opposition group,\" he added. The VC said that in case the elected council failed to address the students' concerns, the opponents could take up these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375953", "title": "Indian Air Force lauds pilot who refused to ferry Rahul", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that flight safety concerns cannot be trifled with at any cost, IAF has backed its Mi-17 helicopter pilot who refused to fly AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Assam CM Tarun Gogoi from Kokrajhar to Guwahati due to bad weather on Tuesday.\"Based on the prevailing bad weather and approaching sunset, the pilot taking the safety of the VIPs as being paramount took the decision that it was unsafe to undertake the flight. The decision was taken using his professional judgement in the interest of the safety of the aircraft and its occupants,'' said an officer.Initially on being faced with the pilot's refusal, there was apparently 'an attempt' to get defence minister A K Antony to intervene with the top IAF brass in New Delhi. But the minister did not press the issue after he was told the pilot was the best judge about whether the helicopter should get air-borne since the weather and visibility had worsened in the region.This comes in the backdrop of a series of helicopter crashes around the country, many of which took place due to violation of flight safety norms. Arunachal Pradesh CM Dorjee Khandu and four others, for instance, were killed when their chopper had crashed in Tawang district in May last year.\"The weather and terrain in the northeast is also very tricky...one mistake by the pilot and it's all over,'' said another official.The DGCA has also often voiced concern over small aircraft and helicopters ferrying VIPs jeopardizing safety by not adhering to laid down safety instructions.On Tuesday, after earlier flying Rahul and Gogoi to Dhubri, Chirang and Kokrajhar in the Mi-17, the helicopter pilot refused to take off on being informed of the weather in and around Guwahati.Times ViewThe Indian Air Force is absolutely right in backing the pilot who took the decision not to fly Rahul Gandhi and the Assam chief minister from Kokrajhar to Assam. The pilot must be commended for standing his ground and the IAf for backing him. Whether or not the weather in the area was safe for flying is a decision that must be left to him and not to the VIP passengers. Equally, the two VIPs must be applauded for accepting his decision. We hope that other VIPs too will recognise that there are situations where they have to accept the decisions of those better equipped to take them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378218", "title": "Crime Branch raids finance mgmt firm", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Crime Branch on Wednesday turned the heat on a dubious financial management company. The Economic Offences Wing of Crime Branch raided the offices of M/s Safex Infra India Limited in Bhubaneswar, Berhampur and Chhatrapur following intelligence inputs about the firm's controversial investments in several sectors.\"The company was active in illegal money circulation schemes with a monthly turnover of nearly Rs one crore. We have frozen the bank accounts of the company and recovered incriminating evidence,\" ADG (crime branch) B K Sharma said. \"We have detained five senior functionaries of the company for interrogation. Investigation is on,\" Sharma said. Sources said the company collected lakhs of rupees from gullible investors, mostly expatriate Odia labourers in Surat. The company, which started its business a few years ago, proliferated in southern parts of Odisha in quick time. \"The company was paying back some amount to investors as interest or incentives and siphoned off huge money into other trades illegally. Some fake companies were created to show that it was into legitimate business activities,\" another Crime Branch officer said. The firm authorities denied involvement in any illegal business. \"We have not cheated anybody. We are cooperating with the Crime Branch,\" said Deepak Sahoo, a senior functionary of the company.This was the fourth major police clampdown on unauthorized money circulation companies in Bhubaneswar within a span of two months. Earlier the economic offence wing took on Sai Pragati Assets and Properties Private Limited, Seashore Group and Ashore Group. The companies first won the confidence of depositors by ensuring prompt payments for some months and reneged on their promises thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376202", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to prepare revised Pune development plan for second phase of JNNURM", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will be preparing a revised city development plan (CDP) for implementing development projects under the second phase of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Neelkanth Poman, co-ordinator of JNNURM, PCMC, said, \"The civic body has started the process to prepare the plan and is involving elected representatives and other stake holders in the process. A presentation was made to mayor Mohini Lande and corporators in this regard. The plan will be prepared considering the needs of the population of the city in 2041.\"The Union government announced the launch of the JNNURM scheme in December 2005 for 63 cities.Ravikant Joshi, advisor, CRISIL Risk and Infrastructure Limited, made a presentation of the projects undertaken by the PCMC under the JNNURM in the first phase, their present status and the expenditure incurred. Joshi said a provision for increasing the efficiency of employees and officers has been newly included in the second phase. The city needs to prepare the plan as the Union government will soon be launching the second phase of JNNURM. He also explained the challenges before the civic body to secure funds under the second phase.PCMC was selected under the JNNURM scheme in March 2006. A tripartite agreement was signed between the state and Union governments and the civic body. The civic body had prepared a CDP having a total expenditure of Rs 4,416 crore and submitted it to the Union government for approval. However, the government gave approval to 14 projects having a total expenditure of Rs 2,571 crore. The civic body has received grants of Rs 990.42 crore from the Union government and Rs 456.06 crore from the state government till July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376639", "title": "Residents say \u2018blast\u2019 will affect other houses", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA move to demolish buildings using explosives in the nullah has raised concerns among residents living in the neighboring areas.As houses are constructed close to the periphery of the building which will be demolished using the explosives, residents fear the blast might affected their own houses. Many residents flocked to JDA officials to inquire about the effects of such an explosion.Ram Veer Kumar, a nearby house owner, said, \"Our construction is old and if such a huge building falls close by our house can be affected.\"Similarly, another resident, Geeta Bais, feared that the falling of rubble and debris during the demolition can also injure the nearby residents and cause health hazards.Experts, however, claimed, \"The demolition will not affect any nearby constructions.But as a precaution, the 100 metre area near the periphery of the building will be vacated.\" An expert also said the technique is very useful in pulling down high-rise buildings as it can raze constructions without causing damage to the ground floor. The technique is already used in Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh.As the controlled detonation technique will be used for the first time in the city, senior officials of the JDA visited the spot and showed inquisitiveness to know more about the technique. Even public representatives came to the area and inquired whether the detonation will be safe for the nearby residents.Meanwhile, nearby residents also stopped the JCB machine entering their colony fearing that JDA may have started the anti-encroachment drive in their area to demolish their houses. However, after police officials pacified the crowd saying the JCB has been brought to demolish the building in the Amanishah Nullah area, the road was cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16375506", "title": "Tiger population on the rise in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve: Census", "text": "Chandrapur: The figures of the phase - IV tiger monitoring exercise have been released. The scientific assessment of predator presence carried out through capture and recapture technique says that there are nearly 65 tigers in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) and its buffer area.The annual census was carried out between April 1 and May31. The census was carried out to re-ascertain the number of tigers their breeding and dispersal pattern in the reserve and the jungles around it.94 cameras traps were placed in the core area which spreads over three ranges. The buffer area of the reserve, spread over seven ranges, was covered with the help 170 camera traps. FDCM carried out the same exercise in comparatively smaller area of the buffer zone under its jurisdiction.\"The basic objective of this extensive exercise was to obtain accurate figures of tiger presence. Camera traps were installed along tiger trails. Pictures of tigers were captured and recaptured during the period of exercise. The data obtained was then forwarded to Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) that processed it with the help of a special software,\" said field director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari.Analysis of Phase-IV census data has revealed that there are 43 tigers in the core area of TATR.\"The data shows the minimum figure of tiger presence in core area of tiger reserve. Every tiger was identified separately with the help of its stripe pattern,\" he said. Tiwari explained that it is possible that there are few more tigers in the area. During the exercise tigers which were captured once but could not be recaptured again in the camera trap were eliminated from count.Similarly, the buffer area of TATR too have a healthy population of 22 tigers.\"The buffer area under Chandrapur division has 20 tigers, while there are two tigers in buffer area under FDCM. These figures prove that there is a healthy tiger population in TATR,\" said Tiwari.He said that the tiger cubs were not included the census. There are around two dozen tiger cubs accompanying their mothers in TATR and buffer area.Data related to the presence of leopard and herbivores too was compiled during the exercise. Line transact method was used to estimate the number of herbivores. During the census drive it was found that the population of both leopards and herbivores has increased in TATR and its buffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375684", "title": "Cong corporator threatens to resign to save land reserved for Town Hall", "text": "NAGPUR: Just like the battle for nazul land worth crores at Byramji Town, there's a cold war going on for an open land, worth over Rs 20 crore, reserved for construction of a Town Hall at Chhaoni. In this case, a Congress corporator is threatening to resign if the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) agrees to a plan proposed by a BJP MLA and Congress ex-MLA. The proposal is to change the land's reservation as public land and hand it over to builders for development.Such disputes over open nazul land are frequent, because of the soaring realty prices these days. Acquisition of some shanties by builders at Adivasi Nagar in Byramji Town had led to cross complaints at Sadar police station on Tuesday.Land prices at Chhaoni, near Byramji Town, are also increasing with each passing day. Therefore, a cold war is on between senior Congress corporator from the ward Dr Prashant Chopra and BJP MLA Krishna Khopde and Congress ex-MLA Anees Ahmed. Interestingly, BJP MLA from the constituency Sudhakar Deshmukh is supporting Chopra in this dispute.The controversy is regarding an open plot of around 3,000 sq mt in front of Sita Ram temple at Nelson Square, Chhaoni. Chopra told TOI that the land actually measures 6,144 sq mt.\"The land is reserved for a Town Hall in the development plan. NMC records say that three houses were constructed before 2001 on half the land. The remaining half is open, but a compound wall has been built by some persons. These persons have even built a cattle-shed and temporary house in some portion of the open land. These persons, in nexus with builders, are now taking the help of some politicians to pressure the administration into changing the reservation, and allow residential buildings there. The land will go into the hands of builders if this is allowed, since the persons have a lease from the district administration on the nazul land,\" he said.Chopra said that the land can be utilized for the construction of a garden or some other development works. \"There is no mayor's house in the city, nor a permanent official residence for the civic chief. The land can also be used for that purpose. Why should the land be handed over to builders. In fact, the lease of the persons occupying the land has also ended,\" he said.Slamming NMC officials, Chopra said NMC may cancel the lease by sending a proposal to the district administration. \"Instead, NMC had put up a proposal to delete the reservation before the general body only to favour politicians and builders. The proposal is pending since May. I met municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and requested him to start some developmental project on the land. Even citizens from the ward have supported the demand,\" he said.Khopde said he simply submitting a letter of support on a request from those holding lease of the land. \"Lease holders informed me that there was already some construction on the land. Chopra's demand should be accepted if the land is open,\" he said.According to Chopra, Deshmukh too had submitted a letter to the civic chief, opposing the proposal to delete the reservation.A senior NMC official told TOI that now Ahmed is demanding deletion of the reservation. \"Ahmed met Wardhane and requested him to delete the reservation.\" Ahmed was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374334", "title": "Ongoing UGD work poses threat to people driving on Puliyakulam road", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ever since the Coimbatore municipal corporation began its underground drainage work, the stretch of Puliyakulam road from Dhamu Nagar to Coimbatore Kidney Centre has become a danger zone for both pedestrians and motorists alike.Vehicular movement is restricted on one lane where the work is progressing and motorists proceeding in both directions have to share the available space on the single stretch of road which also has huge pipelines unloaded to be laid in the trenches that are being dug on the other lane. Two accidents have already occurred in the stretch during the last five days involving motorcycles and trucks in which three people have had providential escape on the stretch.A 38-year-old two wheeler rider, identified as Ramu, a private transport firm employee was knocked down after his vehicle brushed against a sand truck coming towards him. He fell on his chin and sustained injuries and was rushed to the near by Coimbatore kidney centre for initial first aid. Though he survived, the cause of accident is being seen as the lack of proper safety measures and warning signs for the public.\"It seems he was not aware of the fact that work was progressing in the stretch and he kept riding towards my truck. I applied my brakes and he came and dashed against my truck,\" said D Selvaraj, truck driver. He was also in a state of extreme shock as the onlookers took the injured two-wheeler rider for first aid at the medical facility.In a similar incident, two polytechnic students also had a miraculous escape after their scooter brushed against another truck coming towards them on September 8 alte evening. They also managed to survive the incident but one of them P Sathiamurthy (18) sustained minor head injury. The regular motorists on the stretch are blaming both Coimbatore corporation and city traffic police for not taking any measures to complete the work at the earliest and also ensure the safety of the public.\"Traffic policemen should be posted here at all times to regulate the traffic at least during the morning and evening peak hours. It also seems that the work might get prolonged as the terrain below the road surface is rocky and has slowed the pace of digging,\" said J Gopal, an autorickshaw driver.The officials at the worksite also confirmed that they have encountered some problems due to the presence of heavy rocks below the road surface. They claimed they were trying to fasten the pace by using earth removers fit with rock breakers (equipment used to break rocks).\"If the entire stretch turns out to be of hard rocks underneath then it will take some more time to complete the UGD laying work,\" said G Sankar, engineer at the worksite.City traffic police officials claimed they have asked the corporation to speed up the work and complete it at the earliest. They also added that traffic policemen will be deployed at the spot to regulate traffic.\"About 200 feet of the stretch is our main worry and we are trying to ensure the smooth flow of traffic on the road,\" said Ramakrishnan, assistant commissioner of police (East), Traffic, Coimbatore City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378692", "title": "Second train to Ajmer Sharif from September 3", "text": "BHOPAL: The second train to Ajmer Sharif under the Mukhya Mantri Teerth Darshan Yojna will be flagged off by the Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on September 13. Around 977 elderly pilgrims who are set on the pilgrimage tour belong to Bhopal, Hoshangabad and Ujjain divisions.The train will leave Habibganj railway station in the afternoon and will halt at Ujjain and Ratlam stations during the onward and return journey. The journey from Ajmer to Bhopal will start on September 15. According to a government spokesperson, pilgrims from Bhopal and Hoshangabad division will board the train at Habibganj railway station. On the other hand, pilgrims from Ujjain, Dewas and Shajapur will board at Ujjain and those from Ratlam, Mandsaur and Neemuch districts will board at Ratlam.As many as 21 attendants will be present on the train to assist the pilgrims. The spokesman added that the people who had applied for the pilgrimage tour this time and did not get shortlisted need not apply again as their applications will be considered for the next tour to Ajmer Sharif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375669", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seeks approval to buy uniforms from outside", "text": "NAGPUR: Following standing committee's directives, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials have checked and confirmed that the school uniforms distributed among the students were of poor quality. The NMC has now decided to take up the matter with the State government.NMC's education department had placed for approval before the standing committee a proposal to purchase and stitch school uniforms for 6,000 students studying in its school. The NMC will purchase 12,000 uniforms, two uniforms for each student, at a cost of Rs 51.45 lakh. The funds have been sanctioned by NMC. According to Government's guidelines, NMC has to purchase the cloth for the uniforms from Maharashtra State Powerloom Corporation and get it stitched from Maharashtra State Handloom Corporation.During the discussion on the proposal in the standing committee's meeting held on Monday, member and senior corporator, Praful Gudadhe raised serious question on the quality of uniforms being distributed among the students.Gudadhe told TOI that the uniforms were of poor quality and threads would start coming out within 3-4 months. \"Quality of the cloth and also the stitching is very inferior. Students are unable to use the uniforms for even 4-5 months. Each uniform is costs Rs 438.40 per piece. The NMC can get uniforms of branded quality at this cost,\" he said, who also runs many schools.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that the conditions prescribed in the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) prevents NMC from purchasing the uniforms according to its wish.\"Inferior quality of cloth and also stitching along with high price makes the entire deal a loss making one. Therefore, the committee directed the officials to seal and send a sample uniform to the Government along with the request seeking permission to purchase uniforms as per NMC's wish from the next academic session,\" he said.Deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui confirmed that the school uniforms were of inferior quality. \"We are sending the uniform along with the Standing committee's request to the Government.\"In yet another shocking revelation it came to be known that the uniforms distributed among the students this year were purchased in the last academic session. A senior NMC official told TOI that the grants and permission from the Government come after the academic session starts.\"It takes at least three to four months for completing the procedure and procure the uniforms. NMC obtained the uniforms purchased from the funds of last session in May this year. The funds sanctioned for this year will be utilized for purchasing the uniforms for the next year,\" he said.The official further said that the Government made a welcome move to provide uniforms to all students coming under below poverty level from this year.\"Earlier, only girl students and those coming from SC and ST were given uniforms. The Government has now covered BPL students in the beneficiary list. Now all the students are getting uniforms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374884", "title": "Dingy subway dons new look", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI highlighted the pathetic condition of the subway at Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, Delhi Tourism, the agency responsible for its maintenance, swung into action. On Wednesday, massive repair and maintenance work was carried out by the private company which runs an eatery in the subway.In less than 24 hours, the dark subway wore a new look with freshly painted walls, new tube lights and clean drains.\"It is unbelievable. Finally, there is light at the other end of the subway,\" said Radhika Kumar, a professional. \"The agency responsible for the subway's upkeep should keep a check on the private firm which is not doing its job properly. I just hope that it is maintained properly in future also,\" she said.\"Usually people avoid taking subways, but this subway is used by everybody. With car parking being shifted to the other side of the road, people have no option but to cross the passegeway,'' said Atul, another professional.Meanwhile, DIMTS clarified that the subway was never handed over to it by PWD. \"We are not responsible for the subway's maintenance as it was not handed over to us,\" said a DIMTS spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16375986", "title": "Our long-haul solutions are ready: Goel", "text": "BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel is trying to merge best practices with practicality for a lasting solution to waste management.Are these short-term strategies to get over the present crisis?These are not just short-term plans, but general pointers for the BBMP to work on in future too, in handling solid waste management. As a long-term measure, Sataram has been shortlisted to process 1,000 tonnes of garbage a day near Magadi Road. The work order was issued on Wednesday. Murugappa Group has also sent a proposal, and is ready to set up their plant in 25 days.The city's population will hit one crore shortly; does you plan account for handling garbage generated on such a large scale?We have charted out these programmes by consulting experts like Almitra Patel and other stakeholders, contractors, corporators and NGOs, keeping in mind that we have to manage waste generated by one crore people. So the plan should work for 86 lakh people.Since the crisis began, you have been attending meetings and discussing plans to tackle garbage. When will work really begin?Segregation is the first step and only solution to waste management. For a city as huge as Bangalore, we have to merge best practices and practicality to tackle the issue. This is also one reason why we will initially penalize citizens by not picking up their waste if it is not segregated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16377291", "title": "Phantom ringing syndrome decoded", "text": "LONDON: Do you always feel your phone ringing or buzzing away in your pocket? You might be suffering from 'phantom ringing syndrome'. Scientists have now come up with an explanation to describe the cause of the phenomenon experienced by millions of people every day.Alex Blaszczynski, chairman of the School of Psychology at the University of Sydney, believes the sensation is actually triggered by electrical activity. \"I expect it's related to some of the electrical signals coming through in a transmission, touching on the surrounding nerves, giving a feeling of a vibration,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted him as telling the 'Sydney Morning Herald'.He explains the vibrations as being similar to the buzzing noise produced when a phone is placed near a speaker. Although Blaszczynski hasn't conducted any formal studies on the vibrations yet, if he is right then the feeling isn't a figment of our imaginations, but a real sensation. However Larry Rosen, a professor of psychology at California State University disagrees. He believes that because people are often anticipating a call they often interpret unrelated stimuli, such as a chair leg dragging against the floor or trousers rubbing their leg as a phone call.Michael Rothberg, a clinician investigator at Baystate Medical Center in Springfield, Massachusetts, who conducted a survey on the vibrations, agrees that they may be caused by the misinterpretation of sensory signals in our brain.Rothberg's study found the phantom phone vibrations were experienced by 68% of people surveyed, with 87% feeling them weekly, and 13 per cent daily. \"In order to deal with an overwhelming amount of sensory input the brain applies filters or schema based on what it expects to find, a process known as hypothesis guided search,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376399", "title": "Vocational education bill likely in winter session", "text": "PUNE: A legislative bill for the proposed Maharashtra Vocational and Education Training (MVET) Act, which promises sweeping reforms in the way vocational education is to be offered in the state, is likely to be introduced by the government during the winter session of the state legislature.The bill envisages an independent regulatory commission for development of vocational education, a quality council and accreditation board and a separate university for vocational education.Educationist Swati Mujumdar, who headed the 11-member experts' committee, which was constituted by the state to recommend reforms in vocational education, told TOI on Saturday, \"The departments for law and judiciary and finance have cleared the bill while the chief minister too has shown a very favourable disposition towards bringing the proposed act, during a presentation made by us recently.\"Last July, the Mujumdar panel had submitted a three-part report that carried recommendations for promoting vocational education not only at the higher secondary (standard XII) level but also at the secondary (standard X) level and the undergraduate levels. Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope had then assured that the MVET bill would be tabled in the state assembly soon.Mujumdar said, \"The bill was held up owing to certain queries that were raised by the state department of planning. However, all those queries have now been settled and we expect the bill to go for legislation during the impending winter session of the state legislature.\"The move for vocational education reforms in the state is also spurred by the need to make it in tune with the National Vocational Education Qualifications Framework (NVEQF), which the human resource development (HRD) ministry plans to introduce across the country from 2014. The central government's National Skill Development Mission aims at creating a 50 crore-strong skilled workforce by 2022.The NVEQF is aimed at ensuring a uniform and standardized qualification framework that is based on the competency acquired by students from formal and non-formal education systems. Ensuring lateral and vertical mobility for students, from vocational to mainstream higher education system, and raising their employability are other key objectives apart from standardization.As such, the framework provides a 10-level structure of competency-based courses, which will have an equivalence to the certification by the school boards as well as diploma, degrees and doctorates offered by the universities. Students with NVEQF certification are expected to find it easier to move into mainstream education on the basis of such equivalence.Recently, HRD minister Kapil Sibal launched a pilot project related to the NVEQF at schools in Haryana. Additional secretary (HRD) Vrinda Sarup also issued an executive order on September 3, detailing the roadmap for implementation of NVEQF on a country-wide basis.The proposed MVET Act will have an overarching influence over the manner in which the regulatory commission, the quality council and accreditation board and the independent university will function. The commission will be run by a multi-member governing council comprising university vice chancellors, nominated members of AICTE, UGC, Maharashtra state education board and representatives of industry bodies like CII, MCCIA and others.The commission's prime mandate will be to plan, promote, develop, regulate, coordinate and standardise vocational education in the state. The quality council and accreditation board will work on standardisation of existing institutes offering vocational studies by way of setting norms and according ratings. The proposed university will deal with the much-needed study opportunities for vocational course students at the higher level of education, he added.Meanwhile, Mujumdar, who was also part of the HRD ministry's sub-committee on NVEQF, said that the framework will go a long way in resolving issues related to standardization of vocational education qualifications. \"The employer will know for sure the level of competency acquired by the person holding the NVEQF certification,\" she said.She, however, pointed out that mobility from vocational to mainstream universities remains a major issue that has still not been worked out. \"One alternative is to start establishing the vocational universities while the conventional universities need to show a favourable disposition towards the vocational qualifications. Much of the present effort is focused on how to make this possible,\" she said. She pointed out that the AICTE and the UGC had recently introduced Bachelor of Vocational Education (B.Voc) degree concept for technical as well as conventional universities. However, there have been few takers for the scheme so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "old goa/panaji", "code": "16376794", "title": "Tension grips Old Goa over ASI plaint", "text": "OLD GOA/PANAJI: Tension prevailed in Old Goa on Wednesday after archaeological survey of India (ASI) officials refused to meet villagers over a police complaint lodged by the former against villagers for allegedly forcibly entering premises under their possession and removing their material.The villagers shouted slogans against the ASI officials for filing a complaint against them and wanted to meet the ASI officials, who agreed to meet only two villagers. The villagers wanted a delegation of five people and the media to meet the officials which the ASI refused.Tension arose after the parish youth of Old Goa on Tuesday went to the sports room in the Old Bishop's Palace, adjoining the Church of St Francis of Assisi, where they used to play indoor games. The room had not been used for the past couple of months and the youth planned to clean the room. On entering, they found that the room had been stocked with construction materials such as scaffolding.he youth informed the Old Goa parishioners of the same and a number of parishioners came to the site and helped the youth to clear the room, so that they could reuse the same for their indoor games.The parishioners then wrote to the ASI informing them that they had kept the scaffolding in the garden and that the same should be taken possession of. A copy of the letter was handed over to the Old Goa police. The police inspector of Old Goa and the DySP Panaji visited the parish priest's residence at about 7.30pm on Tuesday and informed that the ASI under the superintending officer S Rao had filed a complaint in the police station stating that Old Goa parishioners had forcibly entered the premises under their possession and removed their material. When contacted, Rao said a complaint had been registered and refused to comment further.The parish priest and some of the parishioners explained the facts to the officers including the fact that the parishioners themselves had informed the police station of their actions. The PI has asked both the parties to produce documentary evidence at their earliest to settle the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16373588", "title": "Dream start for Indians at China Masters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indian shuttlers were in ferocious form at the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou. While one of them took a former All-England champion in his stride, the other sent the tournament's third seed packing.Giving India a dream start, RMV Gurusaidutt stunned former All-England champion Muhammad Hafiz Hashim 21-18, 19-21, 21-13 and unseeded Ajay Jayaram upset third seed Kenichi Tago of Japan 21-13, 21-17 in the first round on Wednesday. Except Anand Pawar and the men's doubles team of Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu, the rest of the Indian squad progressed into the second round.Hashim, the 2003 All England champion, found it tough against the Indian youngster. Guru took the first game at 21-18 before the veteran hit back by winning the second. In the decider Guru raced ahead to 4-1 lead and with nine smash winners and 10 points at the net he never allowed the Malaysian veteran to settle down.He will now meet his compatriot and training partner P Kashyap in the second round. Kashyap struggled to a 21-13, 14-21, 21-19 victory against qualifier Huan Gao of China.National champions Sourabh Varma and PV Sindhu also made it to the second round. While Varma sweated it out against Daren Liew 19-21, 21-17, 21-12 in the battle that lasted more than an hour, Sindhu made short work of Jamie Subhandhi of the US 21-15, 21-12. In the second round Sindhu faces eighth seed Porntip Buranaprasertsuk of Thailand .World No. 40, Varma avenged his Korean Open loss against Liew. The Malaysian, ranked 28 in the world, took the first game after fighting back from a 17-19 deficit. In the second too he was cruising ahead at 14-9 before Varma caught up with him at 14-14 and moved ahead to 18-15. Surprisingly, Liew gave up the ghost in the decider. Varma will face Hsu Jen Hao of Chinese Taipei on Thursday. The Indian enjoys a 1-0 career record against Hao.Ranked 32nd in the world, Jayaram registered his second career victory against World No.9 Tago. The Indianwill now face Zi Lian Derek Wong of Singapore in the second round on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374861", "title": "Fresh row over NTR statue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst worsening clan-clash over installation of NTR statue on Parliament premises, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief N Chandrababu Naidu is all set to write a fresh letter to the Lok Sabha Speaker seeking to expedite the process even without the endorsement of the former chief minister's daughter and Union minister D Purandewsari and his wife Lakshmi Parvathi. TDP sources claimed that the other members of the family are firmly behind Naidu and that the letter to the Speaker would be sent on Thursday.\"Our leader is writing to the Speaker asking her to speed up the process, but it is unfortunate that Purandeswari is putting hurdles merely for the sake of politics. If she does not cooperate, we will have no choice but to go ahead with the statue installation without her involvement,\" said Nama Nageswara Rao, TDP's Parliamentary Party leader.However, Purandeswari, threw the ball back in Naidu's court by charging that it was his party that was responsible for the delay. Sources said the Union minister had made her stand clear that she would not back the TDP on the grounds that Naidu had no moral right to sponsor the statue. On her part, Lakshmi Parvathi said she would write a separate letter to the Speaker saying she has no objection to installation of the statue sponsored by the TDP. \"I want a statute to be installed and therefore I will write to the Speaker. As Purandeswari is with the Congress, she should not object to the sponsorship of the statue by the TDP. I request her and Naidu not to politicise the issue,\" Lakshmi Parvathi said.All the other nine members of the family including NTR's sons Harikrishna, Balakrishna, Jayakrishna, Saikrishna, Jayshankara Krishna, Mohanakrishna and daughters Lokeswari, Bhuvaneswari, and Umamaheswari had earlier endorsed TDP's sponsorship and also signed the fresh letter. The NTR statue controversy is over 12 years old. It was in 2000 that Yerrannaidu, then TDP parliamentary party leader, got a parliamentary committee's nod to install the statute on the premises of the Parliament.The parliamentary committee had given its nod after asking the TDP to find a sponsor to fund the sculpting of the statue. Even as the party leaders zeroed in on a sculptor in Rajahmundry and a miniature model prepared, the family got divided on the sponsorship issue and later it was put on the backburner and it was almost forgotten after the Congress came to power in the state in 2004.The issue was brought to the fore recently with the TDP writing to the Centre recommending NTR for Bharata Ratna, and Purandeswari blaming the party for playing spoiler on the issue of installation of the statue.Although the TDP has apparently taken edge over Purandeswari by writing the letter with the backing of majority of the family members, the politics behind it is simply refusing to die down. A source in the Congress said it was unlikely that the Speaker would accept the TDP's sponsorship without the consent of Purandeswari. And the further development of the issue is dependent on what stand the Union minister takes and what she writes to the Speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16379423", "title": "Para teachers burn Arjun Munda's effigy", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Para teachers in Lohardaga district burnt effigy of chief minister Arjun Munda and HRD minister of the state on day 16th of their indefinite strike on Wednesday.The striking para teachers held rallies, burnt the effigies on ministers and gheraoed the block resource centers in all blocks headquarters of the district .District para teachers' association president Taj Mohammed said government had been going back on its pacts with them during past agitations in favour of their demands including salary and service age equal to government teachers.\"But this time we are ready to continue our fight till the state government grants their all demands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377993", "title": "Hearing on petition of Amar Singh deferred", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A bench comprising acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala, Justice SK Gupta and Justice PKS Baghel on Wednesday deferred hearing of an application filed by former SP leader and Rajya Sabha member Amar Singh, who was involved in a case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.The Enforcement Directorate (ED) through a counsel submitted in court its inquiry report in compliance with the Allahabad high court order.The senior counsel appearing for Amar Singh had submitted in the court that \"since the ED had submitted the report, there was no need to proceed further in the case against Singh\". The court also directed government advocate Akhilesh Singh to seek instructions in this case about the stand of the state government by the next date on September 21.Shivakant Tripathi of Kanpur had lodged FIR with charges under Prevention of Money Laundering Act against Amar Singh with Babupurwa police station of Kanpur City alleging that Singh had embezzled crores of rupees in the name of private companies owned by him and his family members while he was chairman of the UP Vikas Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374242", "title": "2 women from UP held for trying to sell fake jewellery", "text": "CHENNAI: Two women from Uttar Pradesh were arrested for trying to exchange fake jewellery at a gold shop in T Nagar on Wednesday.Police said B Kamala, 35, and S Asha, 42, were arrested at Central railway station when they were about to board a train to Uttar Pradesh.The two women came to the shop with a bracelet asking the employees to exchange it for a gold bangle. When the employees went in to check the quality of the bracelet, the women walked out of the shop saying that their family members were waiting outside and they were going to bring them to chose a design. The employees, who found the jewellery to be fake, searched for the women but they had escaped. With help of CCTV footage, police managed to nab them at Central station .The women have been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374441", "title": "Govt plans new taxes to clear roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to levy a one-time additional \"urban transport tax\" on private vehicles to discourage their use in cities and towns that have been contending with the growing rise of four-wheelers over the past few years.In addition, in the next five years, the Union urban development ministry is looking at introducing \"congestion pricing\" \u2014 popularly known as congestion tax \u2014 in cities and towns.These proposals have been incorporated in the targets set for the ministry during 12th five-year Plan. On Saturday, a meeting will be held to discuss the entire plan for all ministries.The proposal says urban transport tax can be collected through insurance companies for existing vehicles. In case of new vehicles, the tax can be collected at the time of their registration.Urban areas have the maximum concentration of private vehicles. Urban transport experts say the mega cities have at least 10% share of total vehicles, of which 90% are privately owned. The government expects the measures would force people to shift to public transport mode, and it would have a direct impact on the country's crude oil import and reduction in vehicular pollution in urban centres.Some of the big cities like Singapore and London have already implemented congestion tax. Earlier this year, the UD ministry had proposed to issue an elaborate advisory to states on how to levy congestion tax in cities. The tax is applied only in restricted areas such as central business district like Connaught Place in the national Capital where traffic flow is high.Sources said the ministry is also considering provisions of incentives and penalties for states for stricter enforcement.Singapore introduced congestion tax under the area licensing system, where a six sq-km area in the city state's central business district \u2014 called the \"restricted zone\" \u2014 was identified. he vehicle users have to buy a special paper licence, which costs 3 Singaporean dollars, daily and the permit is available at post offices and petrol pumps. A driver, who does not have the licence, can be fined upto 70 Singaporean dollars.The government also proposes to set up a National Urban Rail Transit Authority, which would be responsible for planning and designing of Mass Rapid Transit System for all urban centres, over the next five years.Times ViewIn a world threatened by emissions leading to global warming , the general principle of encouraging the use of public transport and correspondingly discouraging private vehicles makes sense. You could also argue, as many do, that the best way of doing this is through fiscal incentives and disincentives rather than outright bans. However, if this principle is to work on the ground, it must be accompanied by the development of a public transport infrastructure that is genuinely good and adequate. Unfortunately, that is far from being the case in India. To talk of a tax on private vehicles without creating such public transport facilities amounts to putting the cart before the horse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376769", "title": "HC summons for registrar of revenue board", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has summoned the registrar, board of revenue, to seek reasons for the tardy pace of disposal of references made by the state government against those who encroached on the catchment areas in various dams and river water basins.A single-judge bench of Justice M N Bhandari \"was not convinced with report by revenue board on how many cases were referred by government for cancellation of allotments in catchment areas etc and how many cases had been disposed of. The report contained no details and was evasive, forcing the court to call registrar of the board himself on Thursday,\" said senioradvocate Virendra Dangi of court-appointed monitoring committee.A detailed 'initial action taken report' was submitted by the state government on July 30 this year wherein it was given out that steps have been taken by the state government to issue reference to the board of revenue to cancel such allotments which have been made in catchment areas and the constructions will also be demolished.\"The decision was taken and communicated by the revenue department saying no allotment would be made in any catchment area at any cost and the area will be restored to its original position as it existed in year 1955\" reads the report that was filed in July.However, when an action-taken report was sought from the board of revenue, it failed to reflect as to why quick disposal was not being made.\"We have also filed a detailed report regarding the encroachments in the Kookas dam and Shahpura, Manoharpura region falling in the catchment areas of Ramghar Dam. We have found that the submergence area of the Kookas dam has been reused deliberately by constructing road at a height of six feet in the middle of the area and no-objection certificates have been issued by revenue department to the resorts and farm house that have been constructed well within the dam,\"said Lodha.The committee has also reported to the court that the Kookas dam was built in year 1907 and the flood gates of the dam have been removed without being replaced.The report also highlighted that there are large number of resorts and farm houses belonging to some wellconnected people in the catchment belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16376858", "title": "Man withdraws plaint against Shiroda teacher", "text": "PONDA: A father of two schoolgirls who had complained to the Ponda police on Sunday that a teacher from a Shiroda school had sexually abused his two minor daughters, now wishes to withdraw his complaint.In a written complaint submitted to the Ponda police on Tuesday, the father clarified that the complaint he had lodged with the police was actually written by four women on Sunday evening (the names of the women have not been revealed in the letter).The letter (a copy of which is in the possession of TOI) says that \"at the time of writing the complaint, I was not home. My daughters and wife later informed me about this\".Ponda police sources confirmed the receipt of the letter. After the police arrested the accused teacher of the Shiroda-based school for allegedly molesting a 14-year-old girl on September 6, the father of two other girls complained that the teacher had also sexually assaulted two of his daughters aged 12 and 15 years in July 2012 (exact date and time not known) in the classroom.Ponda PI Jivba Dalvi had said that following the first complaint lodged with the police on September 5, the police had arrested the teacher on September 6. A day after the teacher's arrest, the victim, in a complaint to the women's commission, rejected the charges levelled against the teacher and alleged that the school authorities had compelled her to write the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376955", "title": "When city tie forced Ramesh to retire \u2018hurt\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Doubles heavyweights Leander Paes, Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna are not in the team for different reasons. Somdev Devvarman pulled out as well, stating that he was still not fully fit to take rigours of a Davis Cup tie. There is not a single crowd-puller in the current team, unless you want to factor in local boy Sanam Singh.Even the opponents, New Zealand, don't have a name that rings a bell, their best player being Jose Statham with a modest world ranking of 334.It's only an Asia-Oceania Zone relegation play-off tie that the CLTA Stadium is set to host from Friday, yet there is no dearth of excitement among tennis fraternity here. Chandigarh, after all, hasn't staged a Davis Cup tie since 1993.What a landmark tie that was! A World Group semifinal to boot, and that, too, against Davis Cup heavyweights Australia. Those were the days when the 'synthetic' revolution had not swept across Indian tennis and our players preferred grass court as their favoured choice for home contests. The CLTA complex was one among a handful of centres which offered good grass courts, and so the AITA allotted the big tie to Chandigarh, despite mild protests from the Aussies who complained that a semifinal shouldn't ideally be held in a city which doesn't have an international airport.Not only did the Aussies turn up, they beat the daylights out of an Indian team which had created a sensation earlier that year by toppling two higher-rated teams. The two-man army of Leander Paes and Ramesh Krishnan first tamed Switzerland, who had top singles players Marc Rosset and Jakob Hlasek in their ranks, at Kolkata's South Club and then stunned the French in their den, on their favoured slow red claycourt. India had reached the semifinal against all odds and expectations were sky-high from two men who complemented each other with their contrasting styles and demeanour.What added to the drama was a bitter row - preceding the tie - between players, particularly the Krishnans, and the association over payments. Even non-playing captain Naresh Kumar, always a players' man, got involved and it took close to a month to arrive at an acceptable formula which would decide which player got how much for every tie.The crisis was solved in time for semifinal to go ahead on schedule, but the scars remained. And once India surrendered 0-5 without winning a single set in five matches, the daggers came out thick and fast. The target was an ageing Ramesh Krishnan, who was dubbed a mercenary. Within a month, a hurt Ramesh retired, while Naresh was removed from the captain's chair.Chandigarh didn't get to host another Davis Cup tie since that ill-fated 1993 semifinal. Nineteen years on, the strong tennis fraternity here would be hoping that the city makes a fresh start with a new young team and manages to bury the ghost of 1993.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379271", "title": "Movie buffs flock to maiden Ranchi film fest", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Film Festival, Suhana Safar, got off to a roaring start on Wednesday. The first day of the fest saw the screening of the first cinema ever made in India, Raja Harishchandra. The cinema lovers of Ranchi seemed to savour every moment of it. Many had not even heard of the classic movie, leave alone watching it.Chandni Kumari, a college student was visibly upbeat. She said, \"I am a movie buff and want to become a film director someday. I was very curious to know about the first movie made in India. This festival fulfilled my long-cherished dream. I realized today how difficult it must have been for DG Phalke to make the 13-minute movie.\"Renowned Bollywood director, Dr Chandra Prakash Dwivedi also shared some lesser known facts about Raja Harishchandra. He said, \"The film was originally 35-minutes long but was later reduced to 13 minutes. When the cast and crew went to shoot in a village named Wangari, dressed up in the fineries of a king with his army in tow, the villagers mistook them for dacoits and held them captive. Nobody was ready to believe that they were trying to make motion pictures so Phalke had to show them the previously shot scenes and only then did the police release them.\"The four-day festival will also showcase films in various languages including Hindi, Punjabi, Bengali, Oriya and Tamil, among others. The morning shows will be dedicated to children.An exhibition on the journey of Indian cinema was also put up. It featured the details of films considered to be milestones in Indian Cinema. A stall put up by a private animation institute was the centre of attraction for aspiring filmmakers. It displayed various equipment used in the making of films like track trolley, adjustable lights, steady cam, etc. Director of the institute, Abhinav Kumar said, \"The equipment are really costly in market and their prices could run into lakhs but when we use certain materials, they can be made in the budget of only Rs 6000. We are also using thermocol blocks for making miniature models which are used in film shooting. Once people are able to use these things in work, film making will become a less expensive affair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375234", "title": "Cops to leave for AP to probe burglary", "text": "MUMBAI: An NM Joshi Marg police team will soon leave for Hyderabad to look for clues into the burglary at Pooja Jewellers in Lower Parel on Monday, where unidentified persons had escaped with gold and silver jewellery worth Rs1.3 crore.Cops have discovered that the burglars took advantage of the heavy downpour on Monday. \"They bent the lock instead of cutting it. Due to the heavy rain and poor visibility, the burglars went unnoticed while they were breaking into the shop,\" investigators said.Additional commissioner of police (central region) Praveen Salunke confirmed that cops were working on a lead and that police teams would be sent to different locations to track down the burglars. \"We are working on different angles to track down the accused. There are no security systems or gadgets installed in the entire stretch, though there are several similar shops located there. This worked out to the advantage of the burglars,\" Salunke said.The police teams were formed after shop-owner Vijaykumar Garjar (52) gave a description of two suspects who had visited the shop on Sunday afternoon, enquiring about the rates of different pieces of jewellery kept on display in the shop. \"My father said the two men had never been seen before in the locality. They left the shop without buying anything, though they were on the premises for quite some time. They might have arrived to do a recce of the valuables kept in the shop,\" Garjar's son, Ashish, told TOI.Ashish admitted that there were no closed-circuit television cameras (CCTV) installed at any of the shops in the locality. \"The burglars might have noticed this and taken advantage of the same. Even a single CCTV camera could have helped in identifying the burglars,\" he said.The theft was discovered around 8am on Monday when Garjar was on a morning walk with his dog and noticed that the shutter of the shop was half open and the premises ransacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16377979", "title": "Civic agencies accountable for waste of public funds", "text": "This is just another example of how infrastructure built with public money is being allowed to effectively go waste because of poor maintenance. The picture is not very different in many of Delhi's subways. It is really a criminal waste of public funds to allow these subways to fall into disrepair and disuse. The civic agencies responsible for maintaining these places must be held accountable. The individual officials whose job it is to oversee their upkeep must be taken to task, if this kind of thing is to checked and reversed.Related story : Dingy subway in Delhi dons new look", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376623", "title": "Eight-storey structure to be partially demolished", "text": "JAIPUR: The fate of an eight-storey residential apartment on Amanishah Nullah will be sealed on Thursday. After conducting a test-run on Wednesday, a team of experts is all set to demolish a portion of the building through controlled detonation. To raze an eight-storey structure, they will use 50 kg of ammonium nitrate. It will take only 90 seconds to raze the structure.A team of experts from Indore is already at the site. On the Wednesday, they started the operation from Block C, which is the nearest to centreline. Four holes are being drilled in 80 columns in which explosive rods will be inserted.JDA officials believe that they would be able to pull down the structure before noon. However the authorities are facing huge challenge. \"The portion of the building that needs to be demolished is interconnected to another part with a beam which should be left untouched. So unless we separate the two, we cannot proceed,\" said SB Sarwate, an expert who came from Indore for demolition.The team is also facing a shortage of skilled manpower familiar with demolition of buildings. \"Workers here never attempted any such task before. So I had taught them personally, which took a lot of time,\" added Sarwate.Once the demolition exercise at Block C is over, the team will look into other structures which need to be partially demolished. Officials believe that it will take more time to raze those structures as only six meters of the building are coming under encroached area. \"I am not sure whether we will be able to use the explosion technique in these buildings. A decision will be taken after inspecting them properly along with JDA officials,\" added Sarwate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376243", "title": "Row over CM kin trust land", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday declined to interfere in the state government's decision allotting land to a trust named after the mother of CM Prithviraj Chavan. The petition said the land was meant for a water supply scheme for a Satara village. Justice D D Sinha and Justice V K Tahilramani heard the plea by gram panchayat Saidapur near Karad challenging the April 8, 2010 order allotting 11,552 sq m land to Premalatai Chavan Charitable Trust, Karad. It alleged that the allotment was done only because \"the trustees are very close to Chavan\", who was then a Union minister of state in the PMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16378609", "title": "Dengue claims first victim in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Dengue claimed its first victim in Arunachal Pradesh with a seven-year-old girl succumbing to the disease at Arunachal State Hospital (ASH), Naharlagun, near here.The victim, Punya Tana, from remote Pakke Kessang in East Kameng district, died in the hospital on September 8 following complications arising from dengue fever , a health department communique said here on Wednesday.Dengue has also spread to different parts of the state as many cases have been reported at ASH from places like Pakke Kessang, Balijan, Sagalee even Capital Complex, the release said.Meanwhile, health minister Atum Welly held an emergency meeting in his office chamber with commissioner and secretary, health and family welfare, Tape Bagra, director of health services K Nishing, state epidemiologist L Jampa and other officers of the department on Tuesday in the wake of the dengue outbreak. Welly directed the department to tackle the situation on a war-footing by putting in place all preventive, control and curative measures in the affected areas.He also instructed the health department to put up a contingency plan and make a relevant proposal to the government for combating the situation at the earliest and to post a medical officer at the community health centre in Pakke Kessang with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16376060", "title": "To fly with BJP, bureaucrat bails out of babudom", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Rajnikant M Patel, a high-profile 1977 batch IAS officer and a former communist, is learnt to have put in his papers to fight Gujarat assembly elections on a BJP ticket from Asarwa, a scheduled caste constituency in Ahmedabad.Sources said Patel, better known as \"comrade Rajnikant\" among his ex-associates in CPM's student wing, Students' Federation of India (SFI), has requested for voluntary retirementfrom October 1.Hewas due to retire in December.Known to be inspired by late Subodh Mehta, Gujarat's CPM leader, Patel lives in Asarwa and is currently additional chief secretary, panchayats and tribal affairs. His organizational skills were revealed when he managed hundreds of Gharib Kalyan Melas across Gujarat for chief minister Narendra Modi. This brought him close to Modi.In thefirst phase,between December 2009 andAugust2010,Patelorganized 343 melas where doles worth Rs 4,700 crore were distributed to 25 lakh people.The melas brought rich dividends for Modi, who handsomely won local district panchayat and municipality elections in October 2010. Ever since, the melas have become a regular feature. The last round of these melas, held for 225 talukas across the state, has just ended, where housing dole worth Rs 1,000 crore to three lakh people was distributed to below the poverty line (BPL) families. Modi addressed each of these melas via LED screens using satellite communication network of the state's Bhaskaracharya Institute for Space Application and Geo-informatics.Sources said Patel has forwarded his resignation to the general administration department (GAD) through the chief minister's office. Earlier, he was considered close to many in the voluntary sector, but had begun distancing himself from them lately, going so far as to stop government grants several NGOs working in tribal areas.Lately, Patel had begun revealing his saffron leanings.Between December 2009 and February 2011, the Gujarat government distributed doles worth Rs 7,910 crore to 57.42 lakh people in 642 Gharib Kalyan Melas. Of the recipients, just 1.56 per cent of people (90,036), belonged to the minority community. \"Muslims do not apply for benefits,hencethey do not get the doles,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374380", "title": "Chaos prevails at Gandhipuram bus depot", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite the proposal to decongest the Gandhipuram bus terminus being submitted by the state transport corporation of Coimbatore to Coimbatore corporation, the plan to expand the bus terminus is still pending. Meanwhile, the number of passengers and buses plying from Gandhipuram shows an upward trend.Initially, there were only 576 bus trips from the terminus, however in the last few years, private and state-owned town buses plying in and out of Gandhipuram bus terminus make more than 6,200 trips a day.But it is a chaos for the passengers every day, especially during the peak hours, when the passengers have to struggle to board the bus which halts only for few seconds citing congestion.\"We are not sure most of the time whether the bus will come to the bay. Passengers are forced to wait at the entrance and fight it out to get a space to sit,\" said K Sujeesh, who was waiting to board a bus to Madukkarai.\"As soon as the people alight from the bus, another 100 people wait to board the bus,\" Sujeesh added\"While the passengers and the buses have increased, the bus terminus does not have enough space to accommodate the change,\" said K Karupasamy, a resident of Sundakamuthur. He adds saying the buses leave the terminus without entering the finger bay leaving the people to board the bus at the entrance itself.\"Mostly, people are found waiting for hours finding about where the buses would come before they catch an auto,\" Karupasamy added.C T Babu, president of Coimbatore-Kerala bus passengers association, said, \"the bus terminus is witnessing more crowd ever since the new bus stands like the Ukkadam, Singanallur and Mettupalayam have become operational. Passengers from various places reach Gandhipuram bus terminus to take the buses to reach these new bus stand adding to the passenger strength at the terminus.\"However, the facilities at the terminus are dismal. \"There is no proper parking space for the buses, no shelter for passengers to wait or board the bus. Many shops have come inside the terminus, which has reduced space further,\" Babu added.Further, there is no proper enquiry system leading to confusion among the passengers since the buses do not follow proper schedule. According to Babu, anti social elements are on the rise at the terminus. \"Cases of pick pocketing and theft are reported in the police station every day,\" he added.\"A small delay in moving the bus inside the terminus makes other buses queue outside leading to traffic chaos on the main road, said a bus driver, state transport corporation, Coimbatore division. Government needs to do make the bus terminus more spacious, adds the bus driver.A senior official of the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore Division, said, \"Corporation had sent a proposal to expand the bus terminus. However, it never took off after all the initial steps were taken.\"\"Five acres of land was sorted at the Jail ground, including two acres for providing bus stand for town and moffusil and for commercial space. However, the plans did not take off,\" he added.He said 115 new routes have increased in the last two years and the passenger strength have increased by eight percent. Expansion is necessary if there needs to be smooth operation. However nothing fruitful has come out despite several discussion with the officials in corporation and police department, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376268", "title": "\u2018Jindals, Tatas favoured in 2009 block allocations\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coal blocks were allotted to Jindal Steel and Power Ltd and a Tata firm for liquefaction projects in 2009 by excluding public sector units and uncomfortably close to the general elections, BJP's Lok Sabha MP Hansraj Ahir has alleged in a letter to the prime minister.The BJP leader, who drew the attention of CVC and other institutions to the irregularities in coal block allocations, said \"proper process for the allotment of these blocks wasn't followed\".Ahir has alleged that the entire process was \"done under the monitoring and chairmanship of the Planning Commission of India\". He said the two companies \u2014 JSPL and SETSL (Strategic Energy Technology Systems Ltd) \u2014 were given two coal blocks \"going against the guidelines of the coal ministry\". SETSL is a joint venture between the Tata group and South African firm Sasol Synfuels International, while JSPL's chairman and MD Navin Jindal is a Congress MP.Ahir said the process for allocation of three coal blocks for liquefaction was started in July 2008 and the coal ministry \"avoided following the guidelines and allotted the coal blocks to the private companies\". He said public sector units such as SAIL, GAIL, IRCON and IOC were \"purposefully\" kept out of the whole process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378700", "title": "Somalian president has Bhopal connection", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University has a reason to rejoice. The new president of Somalia, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud is an ex-student of the university.He did M Tech Education from Bhopal's Technical Teacher's Training Institute (TTTI) in 1988. The course is recognized by Barkatullah University. While pursuing the course, he had stayed in Bhopal from 1986 to 1988.Lawmakers of the country from Africa have chosen the university lecturer as Somalia's president.BU registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari confirmed that Mohamud had completed M Tech in 1988. \"He was our student. It is a big news for all of us,\" Dr Tiwari said.M Tech Education is a one-and-a-half year course conducted by the TTTI, now known as the National Institute of Technical Teachers' Training and Research ( NITTTR). The course is for teachers of technical branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16379864", "title": "Bunking school in plus two an open secret in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Sample a science stream classroom in any city school on a day when the class does not have any practicals or laboratory work to attend. If the teacher is lucky, he will have 50 per cent of the total number of students in class. The rest have all bunked school to either attend coaching classes, sit for mock exams, participate in group discussions or tutorials or simply to study. Reason : they are all part of the bandwagon that promises to take each one of these students to utopias that are called by different names - IITs, NITs, Jadavpur University, Bengal Engineering and Science University or the different medical colleges. Unfortunately, a maximum of 20 boys among the sea of city school boys finally make it to the IITs while only about eight per cent of the others make it to JU and Besu. By then the seventeen-eighteen year olds have missed two valuable years of school, the academic grounding that comes along with it and the interaction with classmates that would have given them required social skills.School teachers and administrators say that even 10 years ago the situation was different. Those days coaching for competitive entrance exams was common, but certainly not at the cost of school routine. These days science students of plus two treat their schools as platforms from where they can write their board exams, they rue. Students and parents counter this. They feel that while earlier school teachers were able to generate a lot of interest among students and would walk that extra mile to help them cope not only with board exams but also with IITJEE, WBJEE and the like, these days they are hardly able to even complete the board syllabus! \"Even for board exams we have to get coached, leave alone the advanced competitive entrance exams. Our life is so tough that unless we bunk school and concentrate on coaching and study time at home, we will never be able to perform,\" said Raunak Sengupta, class XII student of a leading school.Most schools follow a minimum mandatory attendance policy following orders from the respective boards, which is invariably 75 per cent of the total working days. Students have cleverly worked around this. \"If we miss two days in every five working days, we are safe. If you gloss through the routine of any student who will be appearing for the competitive exams you will see a pattern. They miss two non-practical days a week and attend school on the three other practical days. On non-practical days, the attendance is never beyond 50 per cent and here too students follow a routine. They divide themselves into groups to alternately remain present or absent,\" shared Soham Mukherjee, one of the best students of a leading missionary school.Though it has always been publicised by the IITs and also by leading faculty members of JU, Besu and other institutes that if a student studies the board syllabus well, he is bound to do well in the competitive exams too. \"This is certainly not true. Even in case of the CBSE syllabus which has a lot in common with IITJEE, students have to get coached if they are serious about cracking IITJEE,\" said Ronit Sinha who studies in a leading CBSE school in the city. He attends coaching classes three days a week. \"I go to school on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday when we have practicals. It is impossible to attend three hour grilling sessions at the coaching centre on school days. We have to prepare thoroughly before we attend the coaching classes,\" he added.Students admit that it is not possible to do well in both board exams and competitive exams. Most take a conscious decision to concentrate on the competitive exams at the cost of the board exam. \"We literally strudy for the board exam for the last few days because we spend 99 per cent of our time concentrating on IITJEE and WBJEE. There are some who additionally also sit for IISc and ISI entrance tests, so the pressure is immense,\" said Abhishek De, one of the best performers in a leading school on Park Street.This trenmd of bunking perhaps started six to seven years ago, when schools had reacted strongly, pulling up students, punishing them and even calling their parents. But nothing could contain the trend and a large number of schools have even started behaving leniently. \"We know that most of our boys and girls are completely focussed on their competitive exams and there is no way in which we can bring them to school on all days. So, as long as the prescribed attendance percentage norm is met with, we are happy,\" said a senior faculty member of South Point School, that sends the largest number of students to the IITs and the top state run tech colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374087", "title": "For this globetrotter, ears are his eyes", "text": "CHENNAI: Daniel Kish loves exploring trails, and among his favourite destinations are the Swiss Alps. He has climbed the Sierra Madre range in California, where he lives, and the Scottish Highlands too. Losing his eyesight at 13 months has not stopped him from his favourite outings or from travelling around the world teaching people how to use sounds to navigate their way around.Kish lost sight in one eye when he was seven-months-old and soon the second. Since then he has used clicking sounds to detect objects and to make his way around them. But it was only when he was around 18 that he found what he was doing was called \"human echolocation\". He makes clicking noises with his mouth and uses the sound waves reflected by the surrounding objects to identify their location and size. This acoustic process is similar to what bats and dolphins do to navigate.Kish, among the world's foremost experts in human echolocation, was in the city to take part in a promotional event. He plans to come back to work with blind children in the country through his organisation, World Access For The Blind, which has been training people in 25 countries.\"My parents did not limit me, they did not restrict me from anything. They were not at all concerned about my blindness, and raised me just like any other child,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16376201", "title": "Monk who sold Narendra Modi\u2019s safari", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They are namesakes \u2014 both good orators and bachelors. But, the similarity between Narendra Modi and Narendra Nath Datta, famous as Swami Vivekananda, ends here.When Modi launched his assembly election campaign on Tuesday in the garb of Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra from Becharaji in north Gujarat, there were some eyebrows raised on seeing the statue of the monk perched atop Modi's rath while the CM was making blatant political speeches.Modi chose September 11 to launch his election yatra to mark the 120th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda's speech at a world religion meet in Chicago .It may be noted that core members of Ramakrishna Mission desist from voting during elections as per the constitution of the organization written by Swami Vivekananda himself.\"We remain completely aloof from politics,\" said a Ramakrishna saint. He added that Vivekananda always shunned personal publicity and prohibited his followers from projecting him over his message. Besides, even though Modi claims to have been greatly influenced by the saint's preachings, the swami's idea of nationalism was all-inclusive, irrespective of caste, creed, colour, religion and even nationality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376192", "title": "PMC starts 'pothole helpline'", "text": "PUNE: A 24-hour 'potholes helpline' has been started by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). Citizens can call 020-25501083 to complain about potholes in their areas. They can inform the PMC official of the location of the potholes in the city, which will be repaired within 24 hours of receiving the complaint,\" said a statement issued by PMC.The PMC's press release also states that people should provide their mobile phone numbers so that PMC officials can inform them after repairing the potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378782", "title": "Three samples sent for swine flu test", "text": "BHOPAL: Three more samples of suspected swine flu cases were sent for tests from Bhopal on Wednesday. This year, about 200 swab samples have been tested at the Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) in Jabalpur. About half of the samples were from the city.According to health officials, of the three samples sent to RMRC, two are residents of Bhopal. The infection rate of the H1N1 influenza has shown a slight revival since the August. Epidemiologists attribute the surge to prevailing weather conditions. One in 10 suspected cases in the Bhopal has been found positive for swine flu.So far 39 people in the state have tested positive for the H1N1 virus leading to six deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16379395", "title": "Fill vacant NRI quota seats for MBBS, BDS: Punjab CM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Wednesday directed the Medical Education and Research Department to ensure filling of vacant NRI quota for MBBS and BDS seats in all medical and dental colleges in the state.Badal said the seats should be filled on the basis of PMET merit under the guidelines issued by Medical Council of India (MCI) and Dental Council of India (DCI) in a transparent manner, a CMO spokesperson said here on Wednesday.There were 63 seats of MBBS and 175 seats of BDS lying vacant under the NRI quota in various medical and dental colleges in the state, the spokesperson said.Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot would conduct counseling for NRI quota seats for MBBS on September 14 and for BDS on September 15, he said.He said only 14 applications under NRI quota had been received till date.The spokesperson said in view of the chief minister's orders, all seats of NRI quota remaining vacant after September 15 must be filled as per merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376776", "title": "Prosecute mining companies for theft, says Justice Shah", "text": "PANAJI: Shah Commission chairman Justice M B Shah and former Karnataka Lokayukta justice Santosh Hedge said the Goa government should immediately initiate the process to recover the 35,000 crore lost due to illegal mining in the state.Speaking to TOI from Gujarat, Shah said the government should file theft cases against the mining companies involved in ore extraction outside mining lease areas and recover the entire amount from them.The Shah commission identified 2,796.24 hectares of encroached land. Of this, about 578.42 hectares were used for illegal extraction or removal of iron ore resulting in a loss of 35,000 crore.Shah said, \"I have mentioned in the report that extraction of ore outside mining lease areas is theft of the state's natural resources. Government should file theft cases against mining companies.\" He added that the law empowers the government to recover the amount of the loss.Justice Hegde, who investigated illegal mining in Karnataka, too said the Goa government should start procedures to recover the money which was looted in form of illegal mining in the state.Speaking to TOI from Bangalore, Hegde said, \"There are many ways to recover money, but government should have the will. Government can recover the amount through revenue procedure and court procedure.\"He added, \"I understand illegal mining is double in Goa as compared to mining in Karnataka. Even forest land diverted for mining in Goa is more. The magnitude of illegalities in Goa will have an adverse effect on the ecology of the state,\" Hegde said.He added that the law can control illegal mining in Goa as the state government allocates the mining leases. Hegde said the government should demarcate the area and officials should ensure that mining companies do not exceed the demarcation and carry out mining activities outside the lease area. \"Prevention is better than cure,\" Hegde added.He also blamed politicians and bureaucrats for illegal mining activities in the state. \"It's the type of government we have, different politicians in some way or the other are involved in illegal mining and it's run with the knowledge of bureaucrats,\" Hegde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375280", "title": "Customs catches family with Rs 22L gold", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple and their daughter were arrested at Mumbai airport late on Tuesday for smuggling gold ornaments into the country. The three were wearing heavy jewellery and had concealed chains and rings inside trouser pockets and undergarments. The ornaments, weighing 800 grams, are worth Rs 22 lakh in the Indian market.Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) officials said the family, which came from Dubai, landed around 9 pm. When the husband, Ramesh Bafna (50), was crossing the green channel, an AIU officer became suspicious after spotting many gold chains around his neck.\"The designs of the chains were feminine and hence conspicuous,\" an officer said. Questioned about the purchase of the jewellery, Bafna, a Mumbai-based exporter of utensils, was not able to give answers to the AIU's satisfaction. So, he was taken for a thorough check. AIU officers found two gold bracelets concealed under the cuffs of his shirt and ten gold chains in the inner pockets of his trousers.AIU officers then intercepted Bafna's wife and daughter, who had cleared the green channel and were on their way out. Rings and gold chains were found on Bafna's wife, who is 46, and a big necklace on his daughter, who is 22. the necklace was concealed under a stole.\"The way Bafna's wife had worn the ornaments, no one could have detected them. She was caught only because Bafna was detained,\" an officer said.The three were immediately arrested and charged with non-declaration and illegal import of gold under the Customs Act. The interception was by a batch led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede.In a statement to the AIU , the family said they made a short trip to Dubai to buy gold. \"They wanted to avoid paying duty,\" an officer said. The family was produced at a magistrate's court, which gave them bail on sureties of Rs 1 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16375340", "title": "RI for raping daughter, killing child born of act", "text": "THANE: The Kalyan sessions court on Tuesday awarded severe punishment to a stepfather who repeatedly raped his minor daughter, making her pregnant at age 14, and then strangulated her two-day-old girl in his house in Badlapur in January 2009.Judge S B Mhaske sentenced Valmiki Kachru Thorat (50) to life imprisonment for the murder of the newborn, besides 10 years' rigorous imprisonment (RI) for rape of the minor and another three years' RI for destroying evidence.\"It will be a consecutive sentence; he deserves no sympathy. I had in fact argued for capital punishment since his crime is most heinous. Thorat showed no remorse for his actions after the court gave its verdict,\" said additional public prosecutor Jyoti Lohokare.The Badlapur police received an anonymous call on January 7, 2009, informing them about a pregnant minor girl who was discharged from a local hospital after a delivery. Inquiries led the police to the residence of Thorat. Confronted by cops, the 14-year-old victim and her mother Sushila broke down and revealed the horrifying ordeal.\"Sushila had called her daughter from Aurangabad to stay with her second husband in Badlapur. When she would step out for work, Thorat sexually abused the minor and threatened to kill her two young siblings if she revealed anything to her mother. The girl suffered the assault for months and informed her mother only after her pregnancy was visible. They tried to abort the baby but it was too late then,\" Lohokare said.\"The minor delivered a baby girl at a Badlapur hospital and after two days got herself discharged. At home, Thorat had a showdown with his wife and stepdaughter and insisted that the infant be killed. Though the women pleaded with him to give it away to an orphanage, Thorat refused to listen. He strangulated the baby, wrapped it in a gunny bag and planned to dump it late in the evening,\" the lawyer said. Police, however, arrived at the scene and after inquiring about Thorat's whereabouts arrested him.The minor's mother, Sushila, was also sentenced to three years' RI since she was party to Thorat's crime in killing the infant. She has served her sentence since she was behind bars for over three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379189", "title": "Ahead of student union polls, district administration meets BHU &amp; MGKV officials", "text": "VARANASI: To know the requirement of police force and other arrangements in view of the elections of students union and students council the district administration convened a meeting with the officials of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith (MGKV) on Wednesday.In the meeting convened by the ADM City MP Singh at his office, in which the chief proctors and election officers of both varsities participated, the officials highlighted the problems being faced by them in maintaining law and order on the campus due to the on-going election process.The MGKV officials submitted a list of 34 youths and mentioned that despite the fact that they were not the students of university, they were staying on varsity campus to influence the students. The MGKV officials sought police help to oust such elements from the varsity premises in order to maintain law and order on the campus during the poll process. They also apprised the officials of the total requirement of police force required for the polling day. Singh assured to fulfill their demand.The process of nomination for the students' council election would start in BHU from September 14. However, a section of students have adopted warpath for the restoration of student's union instead of conducting the election for the students' council. The varsity officials informed the ADM City that five students have been hospitalized after sharp deterioration in their health condition, who had been observing fast unto death stir.The BHU officials said that many student organizations were extending their support to this agitation but none of them are coming openly. They also demanded police force on campus to conduct the election peacefully. The ADM City said that the varsity officials have been assured that elaborate security arrangements would be made in and around the campus on the polling day.Meanwhile, the BHU students associated with Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha carried out a march in Lanka area in support of their demand of restoration of students' union in BHU on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375438", "title": "Engg aspirants to take national JEE from 2014-15", "text": "MUMBAI: From 2014-15, performance of students at the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) exam (Class XII) and the national Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) will carry equal weightage for engineering admissions. The proposals to give 50:50 relative weightage and join the national JEE were simultaneously passed by the state cabinet on Wednesday.According to state officials, the move would ensure that aspiring engineering students will not have to take various entrance exams.\"Starting 2014-15, students will appear only for the national JEE. Admissions to the first year of engineering will be given the bassi of students' performance at the HSC exams and results of JEE-main exam. Class XII syllabus and portion will be modified accordingly,\" said an official. The weightage of Class 12 exams will be based on the marks secured in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM). Those securing less than 50% will not qualify for admissions.According to sources, the proposal faced stiff opposition from several cabinet ministers, who argued that there is already a large number of engineering seats in the state. The increase in Class 12 marks' weightage from 45% to 50% would only mean more vacant seats. This would lead to losses for colleges.Incidentally, several cabinet ministers are, in their personal capacity, at the helm of educational institutes. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar pointed out that if a deliberation were to be held of ministers who do not own a college, very few would turn up at the meeting.Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope said the scheme will tremendously benefit students from rural areas, who will not have to appear for multiple entrance exams. Rural development minister Jayant Patil said though the scheme aims at increasing attendance of Class XII students at junior colleges and quality of application-based activities in the syllabus, it need not be the ultimate panacea to all problems. Sometimes, in cities like Mumbai, students get 80% and still don't get admission for arts course in major colleges, he said.State officials clarified that to normalize the disparity between different boards in the state (CBSE, ICSE and HSC), a percentile system will be worked out by the Indian Statistical Institute. The JEE will have two components\u2014main and advance. At the time of declaration of lists by engineering colleges, marks secured in the main component will be taken into consideration. At the time of admission, only PCM marks will be considered.\"Introduction of this system will enable students to get admission to engineering colleges without having to spend time, effort and money,\" said an official. Earlier, students needed to go for private tuitions or classes for various entrance exams. Now, it will be easier for them as they will have to appear only for one entrance exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16376023", "title": "No holds barred: Libya killings stoke US president poll fire", "text": "WASHINGTON: Foreign affairs intruded dramatically on the presidential race on Wednesday as Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney issued a blistering political assault on President Barack Obama and said his administration had severely miscalculated in the early hours after assaults on US diplomatic outposts in North Africa.Obama didn't respond to Romney when he spoke moments later from the White House. The president condemned the attack in a televised statement from the White House and eulogized Chris Stevens , the 52-year-old US ambassador to Libya, who was slain in the Libyan city of Benghazi. Three other American diplomatic personnel also perished.The Republican challenger said Obama's foreign policy leadership had failed because he had allowed the US government to send \"mixed signals\" about the attacks on the American embassy in Cairo and its consulate in Benghazi in Libya. \"They clearly sent mixed messages to the world. The statement that came from the administration - and the embassy is the administration- was a statement which is akin to apology. And I think was a severe miscalculation,\" Romney said. The embassy had condemned a film about the Prophet Muhammad that angered protesters in Libya and Egypt who stormed US missions there.\"We join together in the condemnation of the attacks on American embassies and the loss of American life and join in the sympathy for these people,\" he said. \"But it's also important for me to say that the statements were inappropriate and in my view a disgraceful statement.\"Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt criticized Romney for making a \"political attack\" at a time when the country was \"confronting the tragic death of one of our diplomatic officers in Libya\".Until the attacks by angry mobs on US diplomatic missions, the tightly contested race had focused on the struggling US economy and high unemployment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378049", "title": "Not dates, Shahid left YRF film because of director", "text": "TOI finds out the real reason why the actor had to leave the Maneesh Sharma filmHe was all set for his third outing with Yash Raj Films in a movie to be directed by Band Baaja Baaraat director, Maneesh Sharma. However, Shahid Kapoor had to opt out at the last minute. The production house reasoned the shooting was delayed and the actor, whose calendar was choc-a-bloc with upcoming projects, had been left with little choice but to leave.In fact, at the time, Sharma had said he and lyricist Jaideep Sahni wanted to introduce a couple of lip-sync songs that needed to be recorded before the film went on floors. \"It is sad that Shahid has understandably had to opt out because of this delay,given his packed schedule forward,\" the director had said.However, a little digging has revealed the real reason for Shahid's walking out of the film. There were too many creative differences between him and Sharma and finally, they decided not to work together. A source told TOI, \"Maneesh was convinced Shahid would do justice to the script of his film. Initially, Shahid too was excited about the script. But when they started working together,they realised they couldn't be on the same page most of the time.\"In fact, Shahid hadn't committed to any other project after Mausam and was totally focussed on Sharma's film for a while. \"However, there came a point when he just couldn't agree with Maneesh. And Maneesh just couldn't take Shahid's constant feedback and suggestions for modification,\" the source said.Shahid will soon start the new films he has signed, starting with Raj Kumar Santoshi's Phata Poster Nikla Hero followed by Bijoy Nambiar's film and Prabhudheva's Namak next year. As for his next big ticket from YRF, the actor will have to wait a while longer.Shahid remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16378827", "title": "Chandy saves investors\u2019 meet from hartal threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Timely intervention by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Tuesday seems to have saved the inaugural meet of Emerging Kerala Summit from becoming a low-key affair.Acting swiftly on an intelligence report that warned of a possible hartal in the state on Wednesday if the Union government decides to up the price of diesel, kerosene and LPG, he used all his influence in New Delhi to defer the move.Sources in the CM office told TOI that Chandy contacted defence minister and a member of Cabinet Committee of Political Affairs (CCPA) A K Antony and apprised him of the intelligence report.The CCPA was supposed to meet on Tuesday evening and decide on fuel price hike.\"A hartal on the opening day of the investors' meet was the last thing that the government wanted. It could have also meant law and order issues as the prime minister too was in the state,\" said a source in the CM's office. Antony immediately conveyed the development to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram, who in consultation with petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy decided to defer the move to hike fuel price.\"The CCPA, comprising Union ministers A K Antony, P Chidambaram, Sushil Kumar Shinde, S Jaipal Reddy, Kapil Sibal, Sharad Pawar and Mukul Roy, was already under pressure from various quarters to postpone the price hike. The request from the Kerala CM was reasonable and therefore endorsed,\" said a source.Though it is unclear when the hike will be announced, indications are that the issue would be discussed in the Union cabinet meeting on Thursday.It is learnt that Chandy has already requested the Centre to defer the move for two more days so that the state can ensure smooth conduct of the investors' meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16376690", "title": "\u2018Rajasthani handicrafts will be of great demand in Pak\u2019", "text": "AJMER: If India and Pakistan boost their bilateral trade, then there will be good demand for Rajasthani handicraft in Pakistan, said members of a women's delegation from Pakistan who arrived in Ajmer on Wednesday.The seven-member delegation, who visited New Delhi to attended a global conference , offered a 'chadder' at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty.\"We saw an exhibition of Rajasthani handicraft in New Delhi. It was wonderful ,\" said Rukhsana, a handicraft dealer in Karachi. \"Certainly there will be great demand of Rajasthani art, work and decoration in Pakistan,\" she added.\"It will be real business,\" said Nasreena, another woman in the delegation.Asana, a fashion designer, said women in Pakistan too love fashion and it is wrong to assume that they are still behind veils. \"Fashion does not mean stripping. Fashion is about fabric, texture and colour of the dress you wear. It's the style that matters ,\" said Asana.She added that women in Pakistan are conscious about latest wear and the fashion business is booming in her country. She said that she is designing new fabrics for working women in Pakistan. She admired Rajasthani colour and the way they are tailored.The group said that they were happy to be in India. There is no difference between the two countries, they added. Altogether, there were 17 women from different parts of Pakistan who came to attend the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377987", "title": "Criminal plea: HC seeks reply from Kejriwal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court has issued notice to Arvind Kejriwal, a member of Team Anna, to file reply in a criminal writ petition filed against him.The writ petition has been filed, challenging the order of lower court of Bulandshahr, whereby chief judicial magistrate (CJM) as well as Session's Judge had refused to issue direction to the local police to register a case against Kejriwal.This order was passed by Justice PKS Baghel, on a writ petition filed by one Jitendra Sandhu, a resident of Bulandshahr district.It has been alleged in the writ petition that on February 27, 2012, a news item published carried a quote by Arvind Kejriwal that was derogatory to members of Parliament.It was said that the petitioner had moved an application in the court of CJM, Bulandsahr for direction to police to register a case against Kejriwal for his statement.But the CJM had rejected the application of the petitioner, following which he filed a revision against the order of the CJM before the Session's judge but the Sessions' judge also dismissed it. The petitioner then filed the present writ petition challenging both the orders of the lower court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16376946", "title": "Akhilesh, Didi talk development", "text": "KOLKATA: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav called on Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday evening.The two leaders met for around 45 minutes at Writers' Buildings. \"After coming to Kolkata, I would not have felt good not meeting Didi,\" he said.\"Since Akhilesh was in Kolkata he had come to meet me. He is here for a party conference. I am thankful to him for taking time out of his schedule to visit me. We discussed the development work taking place in Bengal and Uttar Pradesh,\" Mamata said.Akhilesh expressed his gratitude to Didi, burying the ill feeling that the two parties had in the run-up to the presidential polls. \"I have been told that the Bengal government has undertaken several development projects,\" he said, adding that he admired Mamata because her life is \"full of struggles\".The meeting is likely to clear the prevailing uncertainty over Samajwadi Party's relations with the Trinamool, at a time when Congress is closely watching the development. Trinamool managers, however, did not miss the chance of pointing out that on July 10 the Centre had assured to provide Uttar Pradesh Rs 45,000 crore for various welfare and infrastructure schemes and that the state had demanded over twice the amount.The Mamata Banerjee government has, for the past year, been vainly asking for a three-year moratorium on the interest of its Rs 25,000 crore debt to the Centre, they said.Leaving indications that the misunderstanding is passe, SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav had heaped praise on Mamata on Tuesday. However, on Wednesday, he heaped praises on Mamata only the day before and likened her struggles to that of Jyoti Basu, todaymentioned that the party's general secretary Kiranmoy Nanda was a minister for three-decades in the Left Front government. \"He has promised me that the Samajwadi Party will win a Lok Sabha seat in Bengal and we will open our Lok Sabha account here. I believe we can,\" he said.The Left is a natural ally, though an alliance with Mamata Banerjee isn't a closed chapter either. Samajwadi Party general secretary Mohan Singh thus left the doors open for both the Left and the Trinamool while touching upon the broad contours of the non-Congress, non-BJP Third Front with regional parties that was floated at the outset of the party's two-day national executive meet in Kolkata beginning Wednesday.The Samajwadi Party can't ignore its historical ties with the Left while the party's general secretary felt that it was a \"compulsion\" to talk to Trinamool to achieve the larger goal. That explains why days after staging a dharna outside Parliament with the Left MPs, Akhilesh Yadav met Mamata.The SP general secretary didn't lose sight of the relations with the Left. Elaborating on the draft political resolution , Singh said: \"The Trinamool is a prominent regional party. It is our compulsion to talk to them. But we are traditionally close to the Left. Comrade Harkishan Singh Surjeet and comrade Jyoti Basu have helped us in our moments of crisis.\"He didn't stop at that. Singh also brought to fore the biggest debate in the Left circles since mid-nineties, \"Jyoti Basu should have been the Prime Minister. He was the unanimous choice. Kintu unhi ke party ne raid mar di thee (It was his own party which stopped him from it). We still believe Jyoti Basu as a Prime Minister would have taken forward the ideals we espouse today,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379242", "title": "KD brings Scared", "text": "\"I feel that moving from TBNJ which was a sweet/ loved up track to a dubstep vibe that is questioning love is a massive contrast and even a risk doing something like this so early on in my journey. But I feel that after taking a break from the scene to complete my degree I want to thank the people that have been routing for me since my first release; this is from me to them,\" says KD.Naamless, a multi genre producer who has been shadowing the legendary music maker Rishi Rich for the last year explains that 'Scared' was born out of a \"spontaneous studio session. Once KD played me her idea; I knew that Dubstep would give the track justice. KD is still developing and as a plus point can gamble with her sound rather than being stereotyped. By fusing my sound and her vocals together; we're testing the waters!!\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376281", "title": "IMG report on coal scam likely by Saturday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inter-ministerial group (IMG) reviewing coal block allocations that have been questioned by the federal auditor for being allotted arbitrarily could not complete its proceedings and is expected to meet again on Friday.The IMG meeting could not complete its case-by-case assessment of 29 blocks allotted to private firms with the response of the private players being considered against the terms they are alleged to have violated.Sources said the panel will try and complete its review of the blocks allotted to private players as well as those given to state-run firms so that a report can be submitted to the coal ministry by September 15. The group will consider options like acting against the bank guarantees and recommending de-allocation of mines.\"I am hopeful of receiving the first report by IMG on coal blocks by September 15,\" coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal told TOI.The IMG is finding the going tough as it has to deal with a maze of conflicting claims with firms allocated coal blocks arguing that the process of getting clearances is so cumbersome that they cannot be blamed for not starting production. The cases where coal blocks were got through misrepresentation may be the easiest to act against.The government is keen that IMG make its recommendations as this will help the Centre douse some of the heat over Coalgate. There are concerns though raised by the coal, finance, power and law ministries regarding legal and financial aspects of cancelling block allocations on a large scale.There are indications that the group may recommend punitive action of forfeiting bank guarantee of some companies which had failed to meet the milestones. IMG considered the report of the coal controller after having heard representations of 29 private sector allottees, out of a total of 58, which failed to develop the blocks as per schedule.The deadline for IMG to submit its report was set by the coal ministry after huge public outcry over irregularities in allocation of coal mines in the wake of CAG report estimating undue benefits of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private firms on account of allocation without auction.The group heard private firms such as Tata Steel, Reliance Power, JSW, Grasim Industries, Kesoram Industries, IST Steel &amp; Power, SKS Ispat and Power, Bihar Sponge Iron, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378864", "title": "HC quashes NHAI's land acquisition", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Wednesday quashed 3-D notification of National High Authority of India (NHAI) observing that the road authority did not follow procedures properly before acquiring land for widening of Dewas-Shivpuri road.The ruling is likely to affect the conversion of the two-lane 330km stretch of the road to four-lane. The move will also affect the acquisition of 900 hectare of land in 290 affected villages.The NHAI Act provides that, when a 3-D notification is published in the Official Gazette, the land specified in the Schedule will vest absolutely with the Central government and will be free from all encumbrances.On Wednesday, 10 project-affected land owners challenged the acquisition process on several grounds. They pointed out that objections related to the acquisition were rejected without any hearing. Taking note of the appeal, Justice S C Sharma quashed the 3-D notification stating that the procedures under section 3-C (hearing of objections to acquisition) have not been strictly complied with. Court has ordered for a fresh hearing of the objections in accordance with the NHAI Act.Petitioners' lawyer Amit Upadhaya said that under section 3-C of NHAI Act of 1956, any person interested in the land may object to the use of land within 21 days from the date of publication of the notification under section 3A (1). The Act further provides that objections under sub-Section (1) shall be made to the authority in writing and the authority shall give the objectors an opportunity of being heard. After hearing all objections, the competent authority, either allows or disallows the objections.The petitioners said that there were several irregularities in the notification of 3A wherein various plots of land have joint ownership, wrong measurement of land and so on. They claimed that a notification under section 3-D was issued in July 2012 without any proper hearing.Advocate Akshat Pahadia said that now NHAI will have to repeat the procedure of hearing the objections to acquisition. According to the executive summary of the project, total land required for conversion of two-lane road into four-lane on the stretch will require 2,000 hectare land, out of which 1,100 hactare is available while 900 hectare is agricultural land. To widen the road, 20 hectare of forest land will be diverted and around 68,588 trees including teak, babool, sesame, paldu and parsa will have to be chopped off.NHAI official said that they were studying the order in detail and refused to make any further comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378547", "title": "Hundreds wait to receive laptops under CM's project", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mahua Das, a resident of Noonmati, was waiting patiently at Sarusajai Stadium since 9 am on Wednesday to receive a laptop under the chief minister's special scheme Anundoram Borooah Award. Like her, hundred other students waited at the stadium along with their guardians for their laptops.Students, who secured 1{+s}{+t} division in the High School Leaving Certificate Examination (HSLC) and High Madrassa Examination under the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) were awarded laptops under the chief minister's innovative scheme. There were 26,788 awardees this year.\"My cousin received this award last year and his friends from outside the state could not believe that the chief minister distributes laptops for scoring first division. People from outside the state feel that Assam is still a backward state,\" Mahua said.\"This is probably the only state where there are so many government schemes, right from distributing laptops to students scoring first division to giving financial aid to women who opt for institutional delivery,\" she added.For some of the students, a laptop is something they have been wanting for a long time, but could not buy due to financial insecurities. Prakash Konwar, a student from Golaghat said, \"Laptops are no longer a luxury, but a necessity for every student these days. However, not all of us can afford to buy a laptop. I used my friend's laptop and stored all the data in my pen drive because my parents do not have the money to buy me one. But thanks to the chief minister's scheme, I will finally have a laptop now.\"His mother, who had accompanied him, said, \"My son is very hardworking and we knew he would do well in the HSLC examination. Today, he will be duly rewarded for all his hard work.\"Most of the students were accompanied by their guardians, but there were some who had brought their grandparents along. Brajesh Yadav, whose grandson Amit was one of the candidates to receive a laptop under the scheme said, \"It is a proud moment for us as no one in the family ever got a first division. It only makes it better that my grandson will be awarded a laptop for his hard work. I am very happy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "16379075", "title": "Resignation demand draws sharp reaction", "text": "KHANDWA: A cabinet minister of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government reacted sharply after Union minister C P Joshi demanded the resignation of chief ministers from BJP-ruled states. Addressing a press conference in Bhopal on Tuesday, Union minister CP Joshi said that before BJP asks for Prime Minister's resignation over the coal block allocation issue, the party should take resignation letters from its own chief ministers for recommending the allotments for benefit of private companies. tnnJoshi was referring to chief minister Chouhan's letter to the prime Minister dated November 2, 2007 recommending the diversion of excess coal for a power plant of Reliance Power Limited.Joshi quipped that such recommendation letters pressurised the Centre for the coal allocations.Reacting to Joshi's comment's, Madhya Pradesh minister for industries and commerce Kailash Vijayavargiya said: This is laughable. How can a Union government be pressured by chief ministers of a rival party? If indeed the Centre was under pressure from BJP chief ministers, it only reveals the weakness of the Congress-led UPA government that has been accused of a number of scams.''Speaking to reporters here during the first day of the BJP state executive meet, Vijayavargiya said: The Congress is in a dilemma over the coalgate issue. On the one hand, they save their own government by arguing there is no scam. And on the other, they claim BJP chief ministers are involved in the coal block allocations. They need to stick by one argument. If there is no scam, then why name BJP chief ministers?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376909", "title": "Eight striking job aspirants moved to GMC", "text": "PANAJI: Eight of the job aspirants who are on a dharna at Azad Maidan on Wednesday were taken to the GMC, Bambolim, on Wednesday. This was the dharna's 10th day. The youth-who had received appointment letters under the previous Congress-led government just before implementation of the election code of conduct from December 24, 2011-are hoping that the government will absorb them into service.The new BJP government, however, seems unwilling to do so and the BJP has already told aspirants to approach the courts in this regard. The youth do not wish to exercise the legal option as they fear that the matter will drag on in the courts and also that they will have to spend money for the litigation.Sources said that six of the aspirants were part of the youth who had been given appointment letters as mines department supervisors and two were from the animal husbandry department group.The youth have resolved to continue their dharna until the governments accepts them into service. There were 100-odd youth for the dharna, and their numbers have been steadily declining.The youth were initially supported by the Congress leaders who made their presence felt on the first day of the Azad Maidan protest before they began their hunger strike. Some BJP leaders like St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh had also come out in support of the youth that day. But there has been no major presence of Congress leaders since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379223", "title": "Ensure arrests in dowry killing cases, orders IG", "text": "VARANASI: Senior police officials in the district have expressed concern about disproportionately low number of arrests in the increasing incidents of dowry killings in the region.Taking a serious note of the issue, IG Zone GL Meena on Wednesday issued an order to SSP and SPs of all 10 districts falling under the jurisdiction of Varanasi zone to launch a special three-day drive to ensure the arrest of all the absconding accused persons in dowry murder cases. The IG told TOI that in case of failure to make the arrests, the circle officers concerned would have to turn up before him with specific reasons for the same.From January till the end of August 2012, a total of 151 cases of dowry killings have been registered in the zone.A majority of these cases were registered in four districts falling under Varanasi Range. Second on the list is Mirzapur Range with 41 cases, followed by Azamgarh Range which has 24 cases of dowry killings lodged in its police stations.If the figures are compared with records of the last two years, a surprise rise in dowry killings has been noticed in Mirzapur Range. Between January and August 2011, the number of dowry murder cases was 29 in this range. In comparison with the records of 2010, the number of dowry killings has increased in Varanasi range, but have decreased in relation to last year's figures.However, it is not the rise in the figures which senior police officials are alarmed about, but the delay in arrest of the accused. In fact, many accused have been able to dodge the police and have instead surrendered before the court.Meena admitted that the motive behind issuing fresh directives was to ensure that his subordinates were not getting influenced by the accused, and subsequently allowing them to reach the courts to surrender.It is believed Meena issued the directive after receiving several complaints of local police apathy. While the officials concerned have been directed to provide day-to-day report regarding the progress of the special drive, the final report of the drive would be submitted by Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374329", "title": "Seniors find new ragging zones outside campus", "text": "COIMBATORE: As college authorities up their vigil to keep ragging at bay, the ragging spots where newcomers are given a crash course in respecting their seniors and obliging to their every whim and fancy have changed. Though these activities legally fall under ragging, most incidents go unreported. Joints like bus stops, bakeries, tea stalls and often private rooms rented by seniors form the new ragging spots.\"The students are sometimes asked to perform a dance or remove their clothes. Occasionally, we send them out to buy cigarettes. If they have a two-wheeler then we ask them to turn up the accelerator,\" said G Nikky, a second year student in a leading private college in the city. Usually the seniors group together according to their home towns and they rag juniors from the same towns.\"The plight of students from Tamil Nadu is the worst as they could be ragged by any of the seniors. Students from Kerala usually indulge in extreme methods of ragging when compared to others,\" said KC Krishna Sai, a third year student of another college.Seniors often lurk near bus stands and roadside eateries near their college where juniors are likely to collect. Usually, the ragging that takes place in public is harmless. The junior may be asked to spend his allowance in buying a treat. Anything that is more intense than this is usually done in private. Most senior students say they know where to draw the line. Occasionally, they even become friends with the junior they ragged. \"It is mostly done for fun and there is no enmity or wrong intentions,\" said S Nazeer, a third year student of a private college.Police personnel also work with college authorities to curb ragging. Patrol is increased in areas where colleges are located during the first few weeks.\"We have also instructed college authorities and shopkeepers near colleges to keep an eye out for any bullying that might occur,\" said Hema Karunagaran, DCP ( Law and Order), Coimbatore city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375940", "title": "After Libya attack, security up at US missions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security at the US embassy in the Capital and four consulates \u2014 Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad \u2014 was tightened on Wednesday following the killing of American ambassador in Libya Christopher Stevens and a protest at its mission in neighbouring Egypt.\"We have directed to beef up security at all US missions in the country,\" home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said.Sources said the five US missions were considered 'high risk' buildings and were being provided round-the-clock security, including monitoring of movement of every individual. The directive came in the wake of the American ambassador to Libya and three other embassy staff being killed in Benghazi, Libya. The US diplomats were killed when protesters, angry over an anti-Islam film, attacked the US consulate there on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379162", "title": "BHU observes World Oral Health Day", "text": "VARANASI: The Faculty of Dental Sciences, Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ), organised a series on programmes to mark the World Oral Health Day on Wednesday.According to the dean and head Prof TP Chaturvedi, events like dental health check up, lectures and demonstration were held to create awareness on oral health at the hospital.Every year the World Oral Health Day is celebrated on September 12 by the World Dental Federation and National Associations across the world. The aim of this day is to increase awareness for oral health as well as the impact of oral diseases on general health of well being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16377014", "title": "Mystery fever scrub typhus surfaces in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Here's another reason to conserve the environment. A mystery fever has surfaced in the city which has symptoms somewhat similar to malaria or dengue, but is more complicated than both. An estimated 100 cases of this fever have been reported in the last one month. Doctors, initially unsure of the diagnosis, treated patients with regular antibiotics but have now realised that the cases are of Scrub Typhus, a mite-borne fever, commonly reported in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and parts of Maharashtra. This is the first time the fever is being reported in such large numbers in Andhra Pradesh and doctors attribute it to deforestation.The fever managed to flummox doctors who put their patients on the best of antibiotics and tests for weeks together but in vain. They later identified this fever through the skin lesions on the patient's bodies. Experts note that scrub typhus patients are bitten by mites carrying a bacteria found in rodents and develop a eschar (a black wound) on the body.While symptoms are similar to dengue, these patients can also have jaundice and delay can lead to renal failure and seizures, say doctors. However, unlike dengue that doesn't have a specific treatment, scrub typhus can be treated with an antibiotic called 'doxycycline'. But delayed diagnoses can lead to death in some cases, doctors said.\"People are accidentally infected when they come in contact with mite-infested areas, known as mite islands. These areas have secondary scrub growth after the clearance of primary forest. The mites thrive in such areas,\" said Dr M V S Subbalaxmi, associate professor (infectious diseases) at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (NIMS). She says the first few cases of scrub typhus were reported in the city last year but there has been an astonishing increase in patients this year.Doctors maintain that the fever is not communicable and more common in rural rather than urban areas.\"There are several confirmed cases of scrub typhus in Nims, most of them presenting with fever, confusion, cough, hepatitis and sometimes with eschar which looks like scab on the patient's body,\" Dr Subbalaxmi said. Incidentally, Nims is the only facility in the state that is currently doing the 'Weil Felix and 'immunochromatography' tests which confirm the fever.Dr Aftab Ahmed of Apollo, who came across four such cases, says that when he started getting patients he thought they were viral fever cases.\"Patients had fever, headache, weakness and body pain and we initially diagnosed them as viral fever cases. After the routine tests proved negative and antibiotics failed to work, a closer look made us realise that it is scrub typhus,\" said Dr Ahmed.He said that until now, doctors in AP had only read about this fever but saw them only now. In Tamil Nadu, cases are routinely reported but not in AP. \"Now, we need to look for the clinical signs (eschar) closely,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373992", "title": "High court rejects PIL to oust Ketan Desai from GU senate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A second public-interest litigation (PIL) demanding the removal of former Medical Council of India (MCI) chief, Ketan Desai, from Gujarat University's senate has been junked by the Gujarat high court.An overseas citizen, Dr Kunal Saha - who runs an NGO, People for Better Treatment - has been seeking Desai's removal from the senate ever since Desai was declared an uncontested winner in the university's polls last year. Saha's contention is that Desai had been arrested and is facing trial on corruption charges, so he ceases to be a medical practitioner and cannot contest elections because his licence gets suspended automatically.Saha had sought Desai's removal last year in a PIL, but the high court dismissed the case and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 for the filing of a frivolous petition. The matter reached the Supreme Court, which did not entertain the petition either. Saha had to withdraw the case from the apex court after the university made it clear that Desai had not contested the election in the category of a medical practitioner. Desai was elected in the category of a holder of the MBBS degree. The Supreme Court, however, gave Saha the liberty to make a representation to the governor of Gujarat, who is also the chancellor of the university.Accordingly, Saha requested Governor Dr Kamla to remove Desai, terming him unfit to contest the election at any rate. As the governor did not take any decision for more than three months, Saha again moved the high court seeking directions to the governor that she take action on his application within a stipulated period. A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala rejected the plea to direct the governor, but at the same time permitted Saha to avail of any remedy on the individual level for the prayer he had been making for more than a year.Besides this PIL, a division bench of the high court has also turned down an appeal by Saha that had questioned the Gujarat Medical Council's decision of not suspending Desai's medical licence on MCI's recommendation. Saha had contended that GMC should not have sought the legal opinion of former Chief Justice of India A M Ahmadi. However, a single-judge bench of Justice Abhilasha Kumari rejected the plea and now a division bench has dismissed the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16373857", "title": "BCCI set to relax tenure cap for members", "text": "KOLKATA: The Special General Meeting (SGM), called by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in Chennai on September 15 to effect important amendments to its constitution, promises to be a historic one. The 30 representatives of its constituents are expected to discuss many key proposals that include dilution of its policy on zonal rotation for the president's post, as well as relaxation of the three-year cap on the term of office-bearers.If the proposals, that have already been approved by the Working Committee, are passed by a three-fourths majority in a 31-member house where the BCCI president also enjoys an individual vote, all its office-bearers will be eligible for re-election for an additional three-year term for the same office. Under existing BCCI rules, no office-bearer, barring the five vice-presidents, are eligible to re-contest for the same post once they complete their three-year (2+1) term.According to a BCCI insider, this amendment is necessary to preserve the clout that India currently enjoys in the ICC. \"It has been observed that whenever BCCI's representation at crucial ICC meetings has been weak, Indian cricket's interests have suffered,\" said a board member, who has held several top positions in the world's richest cricket body. \"An able and competent administrator, who gets elected on merit -- not on account of mere geographical location -- will ensure that the best man heads the BCCI,\" he added.The official has a point. After all, the constitution was drafted in an era when its coffers held barely a few thousand rupees, when international fixtures were few and far between and India was certainly not a super power in world cricket. With India emerging as the global hub of the game in the new millennium, the BCCI struggled to put an end to regionalism and factionalism in its own ranks. Sharad Pawar's victory over the Jagmohan Dalmiya-backed Ranbir Singh Mahendra in 2005, after a no-holds-barred electoral battle for the president's post, signalled the end of factionalism within the BCCI.The consolidation of the vote bank helped the BCCI mandarins to effect several amendments to its constitution in 2007, but the zonal structure of the cricket body was not touched. The escalating of popularity of T20 cricket, the complexities of the IPL and tax issues have now prompted the BCCI to look beyond its myopic regional boundaries for men of substance to head the body.With the BCCI not exactly teeming with administrative talent, the argument in favour of relaxation of the three-year cap on tenure is that it will allow competent and experienced administrators to seek an additional three-year term to enable them to continue to do the good work. On the flip side, it will pave the way for all past presidents, secretaries, joint-secretaries and treasurers to seek another three-year term.A BCCI official denied that the relaxation of the cap on tenure is aimed at giving a \"second innings\" to past presidents like Pawar, AC Muthaiah, Dalmiya, Mahendra and Shashank Manohar, or current chief N Srinivasan, who still has two years left in his first term. \"The idea is to open the doors of administration to potentially good candidates who have otherwise had to wait for up to 12 years for a shot at the key posts,\" said the official, referring to the proposed dilution of BCCI's policy on zonal rotation of the president's post. If this amendment goes through, \"suitable\" candidates from other zones will be able to contest the top post, irrespective of which zone's turn it may be to nominate a candidate. The biggest beneficiary of the new policy could be Arun Jaitley, who currently heads the DDCA, while KSCA president Anil Kumble too would fancy his chances in the near future.Under existing rules, Jaitley would have had to wait till September 2017 to take over as president from North Zone, but if the SGM votes in favour of the proposed amendment, Jaitley can hope to succeed Srinivasan when South Zone's term expires in September 2014. There are a few ifs and buts, though. As it is East Zone's term next (from 2014-17) to elect a president, Jaitley will need two members from the zone to propose and second his name at the 2013 AGM and muster a simple majority -- in case there is an election -- in order to become the president-elect.The fact that these proposals have been approved by the Working Committee indicates that the current regime in the BCCI is confident of garnering the support of at least 24 members to push through the amendments. It should just be a formality ahead of its month-end AGM where sparks could fly over the IPL mess.Tenure TenorThe proposalIncrease the tenure of BCCI officials from the current three (2+1) years to six years and do away with the zonal system of electing the president. BCCI's SGM will have to clear it by three-fourth majority on September 15Why this change?BCCI feels amendment is necessary to preserve the clout India currently enjoys in ICC by having an administrator who is elected on merit, not on account of which zone he represents.Why now?There are allegations that this is a move to give a \"second innings\" to past presidents like Sharad Pawar , AC Muthaiah, Jagmohan Dalmiya , Mahendra, Shashank Manohar or current chief N SrinivasanWhat would be its impact?Senior BCCI officials feel it will allow competent administrators an additional three-year term to continue with their good work. On the flip side, it could result in a power struggle with all past officials trying to seek a fresh term. If the zonal system is diluted, a \"suitable\" candidate like Arun Jaitley will have a chance at getting elected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375787", "title": "Babu who gave loan to son for flat says he didn\u2019t know rule", "text": "MUMBAI: Former principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari, who along with his wife had given around Rs 51 lakh to their son Onkar to buy a flat in Adarsh, claimed on Wednesday that he didn't know government servants were required to inform the state if they give a loan to any person.Senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, the commission's counsels, confronted Tiwari with Rule 16 (5)(b) of All India Service Rules which makes it mandatory for a government officer to inform the state of any secured or unsecured loan s/he gives. \"I am seeing this rule for the first time now. I do not recollect whether while I was in service I had informed the government that I had advanced a loan to my son,\" claimed Tiwari. The commission's advocates then asked him to produce any record available with him about the loan. \"I have not kept any record regarding that loan,\" said Tiwari.According to the CBI, Tiwari, during his tenure as the principal secretary in the state urban development department, granted permissions, including the transfer of floor space index of the adjoining BEST plot to Adarsh, to the controversial society in violation of rules.The commission also grilled four persons who had given a loan totalling Rs 61 lakh to a Pune vegetable vendor, Vishal Kedari, to buy a flat in Adarsh. Retired defence estate officer Sewak Nayyar and his wife had given a loan of Rs 31 lakh to Kedari, while builders Sunil Adwani and Amit Thepate lent him Rs 10 lakh and Rs 20 lakh. It was revealed that Nayyar had signed a mortgage deed with Kedari that mentioned the flat number even before the society had drawn lots to allot flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379372", "title": "Marathi movie 'Kutumb' premiered", "text": "Premiere of Marathi movie 'Kutumb 'was held recently at PVR Cinema in Mumbai. Manasi Naik, Mahesh Manjrekar, Veena Jamkar, Siddharth Jhadav and others were present at the premiere. The audience really enjoyed the movie and was seen praising the makers and the actors.Siddharth Jadhav was at his charming best and so was Mahesh Manjrekar.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16378591", "title": "Rebel groups not involved in illegal coal mining: Narayanasamy", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanasamy, on Wednesday denied the BJP's allegation that insurgent groups were involved in illegal coal mining at Namchik-Namphuk coal block in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh.\"There is no such report as the inquiry initiated by the Changlang district administration revealed that no insurgent group is involved in illegal mining in the area,\" Narayanasamy told a press conference here on Wednesday morning.The BJP recently alleged the involvement of ultras in illegal coal mining besides violation of prescribed guidelines by the state government while allotting a coal block to a private party in the state.\"I have already discussed the matter with chief minister Nabam Tuki and the state government has presented me a status report on extraction of coal in the Namchik-Namphuk coal block,\" the minister said.He informed that the Changlang district administration and police have already been instructed to take effective steps to stop the rat-hole mining done by local residents in the area. Some criminal cases have also been registered and investigations are on, he disclosed.Regarding the BJP's allegation of gross violation of guidelines, Narayanasamy said that there was no violation of the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, 1973, during extraction and marketing of coal in the said coal block as it was allotted to the state government for commercial use. Accordingly, marketing of coal was done by the corporation on the basis of the grade of coal duly certified by the North East Institute of Science and Technology, Jorhat.\"Royalty on coal was realized from the buyers. As such, there was no loss to the state exchequer as alleged by one opposition party,\" he pointed out.The Namchik-Namphuk coalfield was allocated to the Arunachal Pradesh Mineral Development and Trading Corporation Ltd (APMDTCL) on October 28, 2003 by the Union ministry of coal. The total area of the coal block is 133.65 hectare and the mining lease is held by the corporation for a term of 20 years.Out of 133.65 hectare of the coal block area, the operation of open-cast mining was undertaken only on 39.02 hectare between April 2007 and February 2012.\"The total extraction of coal between April 2007 and February 2012 was 10,00,000 metric tonne and the mining operation was suspended on May 10 this year. Therefore, the allegation of extraction of coal exceeding the prescribed quantity is completely baseless,\" he pointed out.He informed that the APMDTCL accrued profit of Rs.985.73 lakh in the past five years through open-cast coal mining from the coal block and paid a total amount of Rs. 2291.52 lakh to the state government and the Centre in the form of royalty, Cess, CST, VAT, stowing charges, energy cess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376249", "title": "\u2018Allotments can\u2019t be cancelled en masse\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of coal block allotments would be dealt within the parameters of law and established procedures of Parliament, Congress leader Ashwani Kumar said on Wednesday, adding that any allotment based on \"fraudulent misrepresentation of facts\" may face cancellation.Kumar, minister of state for planning, science &amp; technology and earth sciences, also said the negative politics of the BJP was obstructing the government from pursuing economic reforms needed to boost growth.\"The issue of coal mine allotments will be dealt with in accordance with law and established procedures of Parliament. We have no quarrel either with the institution or the comptroller and auditor general. But we are entitled to dispute some of the assumptions in the CAG's report, certainly, till these assumptions have been dealt with by the PAC and Parliament in accordance with parliamentary practice,\" Kumar said while lashing out at BJP for stalling Parliament.\"Even the judgment of the Supreme Court can be questioned as long as it is within the accepted parameters of fair comment,\" he added.Kumar also said that if it was found that any allottee has obtained allotments based upon fraudulent misrepresentation of facts or was guilty of misleading the screening committee, suitable action, including cancellation of the allotments, would be taken against the entity concerned.\"But to suggest that there should be en masse cancellation of all allotments would not only be contrary to law but would invite immediate judicial intervention so that the course of action being suggested by BJP would in fact assist the allottees concerned by enabling them to obtain injunctive reliefs,\" Kumar said.He said BJP's brand of politics was adding to the woes of the nation at a time when it faced a difficult external environment and major internal challenges.\"It is most unfortunate that the disruptive politics of BJP has held our parliamentary democracy hostage during the last monsoon session,\" Kumar said.\"I do believe that a time has come for our people to reject the politics of duplicity, disruption and despair represented by the BJP so that the future of this great nation is not jeopardized at the altar of a brazenly partisan and anarchist political agenda of the principal opposition party,\" he added.He said the only way forward for the country was to combat the scourge of corruption as a national agenda but consistent with the fundamental premises on which the nation has been founded.\"The fight against corruption cannot be advanced at the cost of the non-negotiable imperatives of India's constitutional democracy. The nation is at the crossroads. In a country governed by rule of law there cannot be anything like instant justice,\" the minister said.\"We cannot pursue everyone in public office as guilty until proven to be innocent. This would tantamount to reversing the first principles of our Constitution and the rule of natural justice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378539", "title": "CM gives family's example to defend statement on Muslims", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday defended his statement in an interview to a TV channel linking high birthrate among the Muslim populace in Assam with higher illiteracy in the community by saying that even his own family was not exempt from this principle.\"We are 11 siblings in my family... at that time, illiteracy was high. There have been a lot of controversies but I stand by what I said in the interview. Higher birthrate is linked to higher illiteracy rate and this holds true not just for Muslims but for tribal groups and tea tribes as well, among whom literacy is low,\" Gogoi said. The chief minister has six brothers and five sisters.Chairman of the National Minority Commission Wajahat Habibullah slammed Gogoi for his remark on Muslims in the state in the interview. To this, the chief minister said, \"I invited the NMC chairman to carry out a study in Assam and find out the reason for the high birth rate among the Muslims and check if my explanation is incorrect.\"\"Illiteracy is the basic reason for high birth rate. In Assam, this is the reason for high birth rate among the Muslims,\" he reiterated, adding that before him it was Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , who while expressing concern about the high fertility rate in Bihar, emphasized on increasing the literacy rate to bring down the fertility rate.Gogoi said the state government has identified areas with high birthrates and has taken steps to implement a special education programme in these areas. \"The Centre has also put the maximum thrust on education in minority areas,\" Gogoi said.The chief minister but did not totally dismiss the contribution of influx from Bangladesh to the growing Muslim population. \"The influx is on, but it is on the decline. That is why, I have been asking for plugging all the holes in the international border, putting up more border outposts,\" he said.Gogoi called upon all citizens to help the government in detecting the illegal migrants in their localities so that the government can take steps immediately.\"We need the help and cooperation of the people. Identify any doubtful citizen in your locality and tell us. Once that is done, it will become easier for police to forward the cases to the tribunals,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16376616", "title": "Police release video of Wisconsin gurdwara shooting", "text": "WASHINGTON: A dramatic video of the tragic gurdwara shooting incident in Wisconsin was released on Tuesday in which Wade Michael Page, the white supremacist who gunned down six Sikh worshippers, is shown on the rampage.\"He (Page) was on a mission and he had to be stopped,\" Oak Creek police officer, Sam Lenda, who shot at Page told reporters at a news conference in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, after the police released the portions of the video of officers responding to the August 5 shooting.Police Lt Brian Murphy, a 21-year-old officer, who had stopped to tend to a victim outside the temple, is also seen being ambushed by Page in the video as there was exchange of fire between the two. Murphy who was injured during the incident is now recovering.\"There's no question in my mind that Lt Murphy prevented the gunman from taking more lives,\" Lenda said.Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards told reporters that Murphy was hit by 15 bullets, not nine as reported earlier. Twelve bullets struck Murphy, and three bullets struck his bulletproof vest, Edwards said.At a joint news conference with the police, Oak Creek Mayor, Steve Scaffidi, praised the police officers and said that they handled themselves in a professional and heroic manner.The police are yet to determine the motive of Page for the shooting, who died of self-inflicted injuries.The 40-year-old Page, an ex-army veteran, went on a shooting spree killing six Sikhs on August 5 at the gurdwara, before dying of a self-inflicted gun shot wound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376425", "title": "Colleges asked to give details of non-NET/SET teachers", "text": "PUNE: The state government has asked all colleges in the state to furnish details about teachers in their institutions who have not passed the national or state eligibility tests (NET/SET). The move has come against the backdrop of a state-wide boycott of the paper evaluation process by teachers from state universities and affiliated colleges in April and May.A decision on regularising the services of nearly 10,000 non-NET/SET qualified teachers will be taken on the basis of the information collected by the state government, said P R Gaikwad, director of higher education.\"We have started collecting data on the number of teachers working without NET/SET qualification in the colleges affiliated to various universities in the state,\" said Gaikwad. \"The data will be submitted to the state directorate of higher and technical education. The decision regarding exempting these teachers from clearing NET/SET exam will be taken on the basis of this data.\"In 2009, the University Grants Commission (UGC) had issued regulations making NET/SET qualification mandatory for all teaching appointments. As a result, proposals sent by state universities seeking exemption for their teachers were withheld. This decision affected nearly 10,000 teachers, including 1,269 from the University of Pune.University teachers in the state went on a strike in April after repeated attempts to get recognition for non-NET/SET teachers who were appointed between April 1991 and January 2000. The teachers were upset because the UGC had assured them in writing that these teachers would get due recognition.However, the state government refused to accept this as the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry had passed an order on March 30, 2010, restraining the UGC from implementing the decision as such exemptions were against the national policy and the UGC's own regulations of 2009 regarding NET/SET.Later, on May 18, teachers called of the strike after the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) received a written assurance from the state government that their demands would be met.\"We do not want a repeat of the agitation this year and hence, collection of the data is the first step towards taking some decision regarding non-NET/SET teachers,\" said Gaikwad.S P Lawande, president of MFUCTO's Pune chapter has said that a meeting of the working members of the organisation will be held on September 16 to draw up a plan of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16376871", "title": "Two held, freed for fatal accident", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police arrested Anthony Fernandes, a resident of Panchawadi-Shiroda in Ponda and Arjun Gawas, a resident of Dodamarg in Pernem, on Wednesday, for rash and negligent driving and for killing two persons in an accident at Dhavali-Ponda on Tuesday afternoon.Fernandes was driving a mini bus, while Gawas was driving a tipper truck. Both were later released on bail, but their vehicles have been attached, Ponda police said.Mehboob Nadaf, 17, of Dhavali was coming to Ponda with his mother Shamshad Bi, 35, on a motorcycle on Tuesday at around 5.15pm. When he reached Dhavalimol, he tried to overtake a tempo moving slowly in front of him, not knowing that a passenger bus was coming from the opposite direction. He banged into the tempo and fell on the road. His mother died on the spot, while Nadaf was declared brought dead at the Ponda health centre. The bodies have been handed over to the family after an autopsy conducted at the Goa Medical College (GMC) at Bambolim on Wednesday afternoon, the police saidThe police booked an offence against the drivers under Sections 279 (rash and negligent driving) and 304-A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), read with Section 34 of the IPC and arrested the drivers. As the offence was bail able, the drivers were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375055", "title": "Curbs on visitors at corporation meets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outsiders wanting to watch proceedings of House meetings of North Delhi Municipal Corporation can do so only with the permission of the mayor; however, this will again be subject to the applicant's declaration of motive.BJP councillors have unanimously decided this after a TOI report highlighted the fact that kith and kin of councillors have been occupying the audience gallery. \"We were fine with family members occupying the gallery until Chatar Singh Rachoya and other councillors protested. So, we decided not to allow any outsider to attend the proceedings without clearance,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.BJP has cleared a resolution to bar outsiders in next House meeting, and asked the commissioner to deploy marshals so that no outsider gets entry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375558", "title": "Health minister pushes for nationwide gutka ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union health ministry on Wednesday pushed for a nationwide ban of gutka, during a review of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), which was attended by health secretaries from every state.Delhi, along with 11 other states like Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Kerala, Bihar and Rajasthan, may have made a strong statement against smokeless tobacco by banning sale, manufacture and distribution of gutka. But several big states, where gutka manufacturing and consumption is the highest, still allow its availability, exposing a huge population to health hazards.UP is one of the largest producers of gutka, where 25.3% consume smokeless tobacco. Tamil Nadu , where 8% adults smokeless tobacco, is yet to ban it. Ditto for Assam , where 32.7% use gutka.Odisha, where chewing tobacco is the single largest cause of cancer (more than 43% of the population uses chewable tobacco), too has been a mute spectator. Though the state reports over 10,000 new oral cancer patients every year, the state government is yet to take a stand against killer gutka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375145", "title": "ATM thief\u2019s relative hands over Rs 32 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the driver of a cash van fled with Rs 78 lakh meant for ATMs, the police recovered over 40% of the amount from one of his relatives. Arun Waghmare, the driver, is still at large and is believed to have joined hands with a colleague, Satish Angle, who, too, is missing.Waghmare (29) is an employee of Writer Safeguard Pvt Ltd, which takes contracts for ATM replenishment and maintenance. On Tuesday, while his colleagues were loading cash in an HDFC Bank ATM in Kandivli (West), Waghmare drove off with the remaining money. The van was found abandoned at another Kandivli location.\"He went straight to the residence of his wife's uncle, Laxman Gaikwad, in Kandarpada, Dahisar. The 80-year-old Gaikwad is bedridden. Waghmare kept his sack of money in the loft of the flat before leaving,\" said a police officer. \"When Laxman's son Balu returned home, the octogenarian told him Waghmare had dropped by. Balu found the sack of cash and was stunned when he heard Waghmare's name in television news reports about the theft. Balu handed over the sack, which contained Rs 32 lakh, to the MHB Colony police.\"The crime branch has detained some of Waghmare's relatives for questioning. \"When Waghmare came to Gaikwad's place, he was accompanied by Angle,\" ACP Jaywant Hargude said. A police team has gone to Beed, where the duo hails from.Angle was in the past booked in a case of assault. Call records show he was in touch with Waghmare on Tuesday, the day of the crime. Also, he had taken the day off from work.The police have not ruled out the involvement of more people in the case.\"The lock of the trunk that held the cash inside the van was broken with a hammer. Also, tools were found, which are believed to be Waghmare's,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16376674", "title": "Slain Delhi cop a victim of group rivalry", "text": "ROHTAK: The Delhi cop who was murdered by the three fellow villagers on August 28 in Dighal village of Jhajjar district had become victim of rancor which has been building up within the two groups after panchayat elections in May 2010. Police investigation revealed that victim Devender Kumar belonged to former sarpanch Hans Raj's group who fought and lost elections to Deepak Kumar's group, as his wife Munesh Devi became sarpanch.\"The village witnessed intense rivalry between the two groups during the elections. Since the groups were influential and strong, some clash occurred at that time, the issue was settled following intervention of village elders but the rancor stayed on\", a villager said.He said that though both Devender and Deepak were on talking terms and interacted frequently, arguments on political issues were common. \"Both enjoy an equally strong background so nobody was ready to give in to the other during discussions. The grudge between them got bitter around two months ago when they came to blows and Devender even opened fire,\" he said.Bahadurgarh SHO Vijay Dahiya, who is probing the case, told TOI that Beri police had registered a case under Section 285 (Negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter) of IPC against Devender on the complaint of Deepak. \"The complainant later withdraw the complaint after a mutual compromise between them\", the SHO said, adding that things turned worse afterwards.The SHO said that on August 28, the duo had some heated arguments over phone after which, accused Deepak accompanied by two others - Sandesh Kumar, a Haryana head constable and Ankit Kumar, waylaid Devender, who was on a motorcycle, near a cowshed on the village outskirts.\"Deepak asked him to follow them in their car to his farmhouse situated some distance away from the village. The three accused overpowered him and shot him eight times from close range. While two of them took the body to Sundar canal near Karontha village in the car and dumped it there, Ankit drove the motorcycle to Mokhra village in Rohtak and abandoned the vehicle there,\" investigators revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16383181", "title": "Oman's Hindu community to celebrate Ganesh Chaturthi", "text": "AMRITSAR: Oman's Hindu community would celebrate Shree Ganesh festival from September 19 to 21st in Muscat Shiva Temple, informed US based president of Universal Society of Hinduism Razan Zed on Thursday.The religious rituals and functions, he said, would include Ganesh Pratishtapana, Panchamrita Abhisheka, Gana Homa, poojas, Vedic chants, Ganesh Sahasranama Smarane, Bharatnatyam, Odissi dances, traditional floral decorations etc. While wishing that all prayers of Oman devotees be answered on auspicious occasion of Ganesh-Chaturthi, which falls on September 19 this year celebrating the birth of Lord Ganesh,Rajan urged the Oman seekers to undertake deeper study of Hindu scriptures .For this he reasoned that \"As our scriptures told us: conquer your passions and senses; meditate; keep your heart pure and full of love; seek higher knowledge; and realize Self which is deathless, source of all light and knows all\". Popular festival of Ganesh-Chaturthi is celebrated on fourth day of the bright lunar fortnight of Bhadrapada, which may last for up to ten days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16374836", "title": "All Goa iron ore mines lose green clearance", "text": "PANAJI: Following the adverse report by the Shah commission on illegal mining in Goa, the Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan on Wednesday announced the suspension of environment clearances given to all 93 functional mining leases in the state.The orders came a day after TOI's story on how the central government had given illegal clearances to Goa's iron ore mines even under PM Manmohan Singh's watch between 2007 and 2009 as environment and forests minister. The commission had noted that the central ministry had overlooked its own regulations to give miners an easy clearance route while state and other central government officials had ignored rampant illegal mining over more than half a decade.With the suspension of clearances under the Environment Protection Act, Congress also upstaged BJP's state government. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had two days ago suspended all mining operations and ordered an evaluation of all the documents at the state level. With this order the UPA also ensured that the mines would not be re-opened without a clean chit from the Centre.Making this announcement at a press conference in Panaji , Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan said, \"I am the minister for environment. My mandate is to protect the environment and therefore I am taking action under my mandate. As and when we find any illegality, the law will take it own course.''The MoEF move came as a major setback to the mining industry, particularly the majors, since they were hoping to get clearances from the state government after showing their documents as per state government order. In what could further hit the mining barons of Goa, sources informed, the Union environment ministry was actively looking into whether it could prevent the already extracted illegal ore from being traded \u2014 something that the state government permitted in its order.Natarajan said that the MoEF has issued notices to 50 mining companies on Tuesday night to stop dump handling till they get the environment clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375395", "title": "'Centre for learning disability needed in the Nagpur'", "text": "NAGPUR: President of Academic Board for Cognitive Disability ( ABCD) and general secretary of the Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability, Dr Uday Bodhankar speaks to TOI about the need and scope of a regional government approved centre for certifying learning disabilities.Q. What is the need for such a centre in city?A. If it comes up in the city, this centre would ease the problems of many parents from the city as well region. Currently, they have to go to Mumbai or Pune for the certification. Sometimes, not knowing what documents are needed or because of non-availability of doctors, they have to visit those cities many times before they get a certificate.Q. How will it help people?A. We are looking for an approval from the central government because it would enable us to help children from nearby states too. Many people from Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh come here. We will also work towards sensitizing people about LD so that early detection and intervention of the condition is possible.Q. What problems are the people facing now?A. Apart from being situated very far from the city, the existing centres are too few to cater to the number of people for these tests. This also delays the process because of the big waiting list. For the parents who are already hassled emotionally due to suspected disability of their wards such practical difficulties only increase their agony.Q. Do we have the necessary facilities and expertise?A. We have good doctors here and many are ready to work for the cause, including paediatricians, psychiatrists, psychologists and counsellors. They are competent enough to certify the disability.Q. How is the process carried out in other states?A. In other states, the process is decentralized and the civil surgeons of the districts provide these certificates. We also had a similar system in place but it was changed only a few years ago. Such centres should come up not just in the city but also in cities like Aurangabad and Kolhapur to ease the burden on the centres in Mumbai and Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377061", "title": "Passenger falls ill on flight", "text": "KOLKATA: A 26-year-old Iranian was admitted to a city nursing after he fell ill on board an Emirates flight travelling from Bangkok to Tehran via Dubai.Around 10.30am, when the Emirates flight was somewhere over the Bay of Bengal , a passenger, Mahdi Golnari, complained of severe chest pain. Though the crew administered medicine from the medical kit, when the pain refused to subside, the captain radioed Kolkata ATC and sought emergency landing permission.Immediately after the plane landed around 11.15am, Golnari was issued temporary visa and rushed to a private nursing home and admitted to the ICCU. His condition is stable. The flight with the remaining 351 passengers took off around 12.30pm. tnnGolnari will be put on an Emirates flight to Dubai and onward to Tehran once he is discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373853", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation roadmap for 'zero waste' city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a campaign against litterbugs and procurements to spruce up waste collection in the city, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) now has a roadmap for a zero waste Ahmedabad by 2031. The document, the only of its kind in the country was prepared with the help of United Nations Center for Regional Development (UNCRD), which identified a consultant and sponsored $20,000 for the report.The city was part of the 'ISWA World Congress 2011- Moving Towards Zero Waste for a Green Economy - Role of Local Authorities' which deliberated zero waste policies and strategies. The congress gave examples of US, UK and Philippines as countries that made significant progress in instituting a zero waste society.AMC's policy document will serve as a vision document to guide it in introducing and implementing necessary policies, and to sensitize citizens, businesses and industries in Ahmedabad to work together towards a zero waste society.The document highlighted on-going initiatives of the AMC under its city development plan, and a section of this speaks of strengthening solid waste management for Ahmedabad.\"The document also highlights AMC's commitment towards new and innovative public-private partnerships between industry, government, academia and non-governmental stakeholders to enhance capacity and technology for environmentally sound chemicals and waste management, including for waste prevention,\" says a senior official of the AMC.The official adds, \"Zero waste is an approach that involves, and requires changes in the entire system of material flow. It involves reducing consumption, minimizing waste, maximising recycling and composting, and ensuring that products and materials are designed to use less resources and to be reused, recycled or biodegradable. Nature is the best zero waste model.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374608", "title": "Direct flights for haj pilgrims from Gaya", "text": "PATNA: For the first time, the haj pilgrims from Bihar will have direct flights from Gaya airport to Jeddah from September 17. Two Air India flights will operate carrying altogether 250 pilgrims every day. Earlier, the pilgrims from the state had to travel either to Delhi or Kolkata to board a flight to Saudi Arabia.Bihar State Haj Committee chairman Maulana Anisur Rahman Qasmi told TOI on Wednesday that chief minister Nitish Kumar would see off the first batch of pilgrims from Haj Bhavan here on September 16 evening. Special buses from the state capital would carry the pilgrims to Gaya every day, he added. In 2003-04 also haj flights had operated from Gaya but they were not direct flights.This year, about 6,400 people from the state will go for haj. The flights will operate from September 17 to October 11. The return journey of the hajis will start from November 1. \"Initially, 6,700 people had registered for haj but about 300 of them withdrew due to different reasons,\" Qasmi said. Bihar has a quota of 10,000 haj pilgrims but this is never filled and remaining quota goes to other states.Qasmi said the first flight will take off from Gaya at 11.30am and the second one at 1.30pm. The pilgrims booked in the first flight will reach Gaya a night before while the pilgrims going by the second flight will leave Patna early morning the same day. All the pilgrims from different parts of the state will first report to Haj Bhavan where they will be provided all the relevant travel papers.A team of officials, led by principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani and Qasmi, visited Gaya a few days back and took stock of the preparations there.\"The direct flight has come as a big relief. Now the pilgrims will not face hardship they had to face earlier. This is a very good beginning and hope it will continue,\" said Qasmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376649", "title": "\u2018India-Asean business fair to promote tie-ups\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The second India-ASEAN Business Fair (IABF) &amp; Business Conclave slated from December 18 to 20 in New Delhi will give a fillip to business in the country, said Rajendra Bhanawat, managing firector of RIICO. Bhanawat was speaking as guest of honour at the road show for IABF organized in the city by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry ( FICCI ).Bhanawat said it was heartening that just in its second year, the IABF was getting international participation from Asian countries like Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. He further said the fair will throw up avenues for enhancing trade and investments across sectors. It would serve as a platform for exploring innovative approaches to promote trade, investment, joint ventures and strategic market tie-ups, Bhanawat added.Speaking on the occasion, honorary secretary general of Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce and Industry, K L Jain said this business to business forum, with scheduled meetings, is being organized on the sidelines of India-ASEAN Commemorative Summit 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16375293", "title": "Narendra Modi finds poll mascot in Vivekananda", "text": "JALANDHAR: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi is seeking to boost his electoral prospects by using the image and inspiring words of Swami Vivekananda. Modi, who kicked off his assembly election campaign \u2014 called the 'Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra' \u2014\u2014on Tuesday, plans to score poll points by distributing volleyballs with Vivekananda's photos and quotes among the youth.The department of youth, culture and sports of the Gujarat government has placed orders worth around Rs 15 crore with four Meerut-based companies for supplying 35,000 cricket kits and 70,000 volleyballs with photos and messages of Vivekananda \u2014 and also some messages by Modi \u2014 printed on them.Meerut companies have outsourced the stitching of these volleyballs to Jalandhar-based firms, which have finished the work and despatched the boxes. Apart from the face of India's most popular spiritual leader, a Gujarat government logo, 'Swami Vivekananda Janma Jayanti, Gujarat', is embossed on the volleyballs.Harping on Gujarati pride, Modi has also got some slogans embossed, exhorting youth to play and win. \"Gujarat will play, Gujarat will win,\" says Modi's printed message. The volleyballs also sport one of the most popular quotes from Vivekananda: \"Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached\". The cricket kits will have two bats, six balls, six stumps and four bails.\"The Meerut companies had to outsource the stitching as order specification was for PU (polyurethane) balls and Meerut doesn't have the capacity to sew the balls of this material in such short time,\" said Sushil Rinku, a local councillor and president of Football Stitchers' Association, Jalandhar.According to sources, the Gujarat government wanted delivery of the items before Dussehra (October 24) so that the kits and volleyballs could be distributed before the election code of conduct comes into force. Gujarat elections are likely to be held by December.(With inputs from Ajay Umat in Ahmedabad)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376782", "title": "Lokayukta by Sept 30: Chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: Goa may have a Lokayukta appointed by September 30. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the government hopes to complete the selection of the Lokayukta (judge) by the month-end.Parrikar said this on Wednesday after the cabinet approved rules for the Goa Lokayukta Act which was notified on May 18, 2012. Parrikar said the rules pertain to details on the Lokayukta's functioning and that these will be notified immediately.Parrikar said the required staff for the institution of the Lokayukta has also been approved and the office of the Lokayukta will be housed at the old GMC complex at Ribandar.The Goa Lokayukta Act aims for the establishment of the institution of Lokayukta to inquire into grievances and allegations against public functionaries in Goa and make provisions for the appointment of the Lokayukta and Upa-Lokayukta and for related matters.Among other things, the Act seeks to investigate any \"public functionary\" who has abused or misused his position to obtain any gain to himself or to any other person or to cause loss or undue harm to any other persons. It also seeks to investigate any person who is in possession or has at any time during the period of his office been in possession of pecuniary resources or property disproportionate to his known sources of income, for which the pubic functionary cannot satisfactorily account.The Goa Lokayukta Act has 11 definitions for \"public functionaries\" which include the chief minister, cabinet ministers and MLAs. It also covers presidents, vice-presidents, secretaries and managing directors of government corporations and other government bodies.BJP had promised in its assembly election manifesto that it would appoint a Lokayukta within 100 days of forming the government. The BJP government took office on March 9, 2012 and then president Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the Goa Lokayukta bill in May 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373865", "title": "Cept to help make Ahmedabad roads safer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is the city that reports an accident every hour and two deaths in every three days due to road accidents. Ahmedabad, the fast-growing city has also clocked vehicular population growth rate at nearly 20 per cent per annum. With limited infrastructure, vehicular accidents are on a constant rise.To address the situation, the city traffic police had commissioned a study to understand where and why the accidents take place and how it can be prevented.The database with the traffic police for past five years was given to Center for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University experts for analysis. The report is expected to be submitted by mid-September, said officials.Traffic branch officials said that the senior police officials were concerned about the ever-increasing figures of the road fatalities and thus decided to study the issue. Siddharth Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that it was a two-fold study.\"The first part is concerned with dissection of each and every accident that took place on city roads. We have meticulously compiled data of the accidents from the city police stations including demographic profile of the victim, type of vehicle, time of the day, the manner in which the accident took place and whether the accident turned fatal or not. It will give an overall idea about when, where and why the accidents take place. In the second part, the CEPT experts will suggest the changes including deployment of personnel, change in road design, installation of traffic signals or points and so on,\" said Khatri.In 2010, a study on small scale about Sola flyover resulted into installation of more than 10 signboards declaring the stretch as accident-prone. The study was conducted after the flyover and nearby areas frequently reported car pile-ups and accidents. Human movement was restricted and a number of speed breakers were also made at the end and beginning of the flyover.The road safety experts attributed the increase in road accidents to factors such as increase in overall vehicular population, citizens' disregard for traffic safety and road etiquettes, lack of space for pedestrians, early start for teens to ride two-wheeler and four wheelers and lack of proper infrastructure at a number of places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375289", "title": "Hunt on for 7 over provocative posters", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking cognizance of inflammatory posters that had appeared in several Kalyan (W) localities, cops on Wednesday registered a case against seven persons. A manhunt has also been launched.On Tuesday night, around 11 posters were put up on the walls of mosques and houses in the Vallipier and Dudhnaka areas, allegedly depicting violence in Myanmar and inciting the community to fight. However, before anybody could see the posters, a Bazarpeth police team patrolling the area noticed a man putting them up and quickly tore them off the walls.\"We found out that the posters had been made at an Ulhasnagar shop. The shopkeeper gave us the names of the people who had ordered the posters,\" a senior officer said.Cops suspect the involvement of Jarvi Moula Khan, Faijan Bangali, Imran, Shahid, Saayban, Abdullah and Guddu Majid in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16373478", "title": "Divij Sharan replaces Saketh Myneni in Indian Davis Cup team after high drama", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An Asia-Oceania Zone Group I relegation playoff tie against New Zealand may have seemed to be an uneventful, mundane affair. But with the youthful Indian squad locked in a healthy yet intense battle over playing berths and the AITA top brass deciding to make its presence felt, there was still enough intrigue and drama to make one wonder if anything has changed in Indian tennis, post Olympic selection tamasha.With non-playing captain SP Misra confirming late in the evening that Divij Sharan had indeed been named as Saketh Myneni's replacement in the Indian team for the tie starting at the CLTA on Friday, it was clear that he was under instructions to do so. Just hours ago, he had said that a final call would be made on Thursday morning!\"If a decision has to be taken in the best interest of the team, so be it,\" Misra told TOI in a tone of resignation which couldn't be missed, while at the same time denying that AITA president Anil Khanna had a word with him on the Divij issue.It's not that Divij's inclusion is unacceptable, it's the manner in which he was drafted in which reeks of interference from the men who have the 'power' to do so.Divij's case definitely had merit. He was named in the primary squad of six players and at the time of pruning it to four on August 30, the selection committee should not have ignored his already impressive doubles record in ATP Challengers. In the last fortnight, the 26-year-old left-hander piled it on further, winning the Bangkok Challenger with Vishnu and finishing runner-up in the Shanghai Challenger with Yuki.Over the last 12 months, Divij has made nine Challenger doubles finals, winning three of them. No wonder his world ranking has shot up to a career-high No. 94. He was on the team management's radar anyway. If only the captain had been left to make the choice himself rather than being pushed down his throat, all this unnecessary drama could have been avoided.\"It would have been a risk it to leave it tomorrow morning as the draw will be at the Governor House and what if I could not get through to the referee in time,\" was how Misra tried to explain why his mind had changed so quickly. \"With Divij, we'll have more options in doubles as both Vishnu Vardhan and Yuki are comfortable playing with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374287", "title": "Once cleared, Kapoor aide to face case again", "text": "CHENNAI: A sessions court on Wednesday restored the idol theft complaint against Sanjeevi Ashokan, a key associate of suspected international antiques dealer Subhash Chandra Kapoor.The II metropolitan magistrate at Egmore here had discharged Sanjeevi Ashokan from the case in January 2010, citing technical reasons like a delay in filing the charge sheet.After the magistrate rejected the idol wing of CID'S explanation for the delay of 265 days, the present petition was filed in the sessions court.On Wednesday, the III additional sessions judge K H Elangovan allowed the revision plea of deputy superintendent of police, idol wing- CID, who spoke about the illegal antique network and the role played by Sanjeevi Ashokan and Subhash Kapoor. \"The revision petition is allowed, thereby setting aside the order of the II metropolitan magistrate, Egmore, dated January 10, 2010,\" the order read.According to the idol wing DSP, Sanjeevi is facing charges for the theft of 26 idols from Suthamalli and Sripuramthan temples in Ariyalur district. Police suspect his involvement in thefts at Udayarpalayam and Vikramangalam as well.In the present petition, the idol wing-CID DSP submitted that a case against Sanjeevi was registered on August 24, 2008, and he was arrested on April 14, 2009. The antiquity of the stolen idols was declared only on May 4, 2009. A charge sheet was filed against Sanjeevi on May 17, 2010, he said, adding that if the period during which the accused was absconding was excluded as per Section 470(3) of CrPC, there was no delay on the police's part in filing the charge sheet.The petition said that II metropolitan magistrate at Egmore concluded that the matter was barred by limitation and hence the benefit of being discharged should go to Sanjeevi. Describing the magistrate's order as erroneous, it said the accused were destroying the antiquity and old treasures of India. The petition said any leniency to the accused would be fatal to all cases concerning him and others and that the magistrate's order should be set aside and the case restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376748", "title": "HC quashes sale deed of land bought by Ghai", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another setback for Bollywood producer and director Subhash Ghai , Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday ordered quashing of the sale deed of 20 acres of village common land purchased by his production company -'Mukta Arts' -- in Badhsa village of Jhajjar district in Haryana in 2010.Earlier in April, the Supreme Court had asked Ghai to return 21 acres of land allotted to him in Mumbai's film city area. The HC orders came on a petition filed by Nafe Ram, a retired teacher from Badhsa village, stating that the land allotted to Ghai was for public purpose but he was putting it to personal use.While issuing directions, a division bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain directed Ghai to hand over the possession of land to the village panchayat and told the panchayat to return the money to Ghai with interest.Nafe Ram, in his petition filed in May, had accused Haryana government of favouritism in granting permission to Ghai for buying the shamlat land. The high court had put a stay on the execution of the sale deed in May following submission of petition in the court.Counsel for the petitioner Dipak Balyan contended in the court on Tuesday that the decision to sell the village land to 'Mukta Arts' from the village panchayat was taken under pressure and not by free will. Balyan also told the court that Haryana government machinery connived with Ghai despite the fact that the filmmaker wanted land for private purposes, and asked the village panchayat to sell off the land.Badhsa gram panchayat had sent a resolution to Haryana government on January 6, 2010, to permit it to sell the 20 acres to 'Mukta Arts'. The state government had allowed the panchayat to sell the land in September the same year for Rs 8.02 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375702", "title": "Congress-NCP vying for Vidarbha pie", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are natural allies and share power in the state for over a decade after the latter came into existence. Yet, Sharad Pawar-led NCP is seen as a party with presence only in western Maharashtra. Desperate to shed that image, NCP has embarked on an expansion mode and is eyeing Vidarbha where it wants to make inroads and gain ground lost by the Congress as well as the saffron parties.It is in this context that the Congress' decision to hold a janata durbar in the city assumes importance. The city Congress unit had recently urged chief minister to hold a public interaction session so that long-pending problems of the people are addressed. The move came on the heels of similar exercise held last week by NCP's CM-wannabe Ajit Pawar along with host of party leaders in Yavatmal, the backyard of state Congress president Manikrao Thakre.In last one month, besides home minister R R Patil , who by virtue of his being guardian minister of Gadchiroli frequently travels here, half a dozen other NCP leaders and ministers visited the region. This, the party sources said, was in keeping with Ajit Pawar's strict instructions to all ministers from his party to pay more attention to Vidarbha. The NCP is aiming to be the largest party in the state assembly in 2014 and this will be possible if it gets its numbers up in Vidarbha. In 2009, NCP's seats were reduced to four from ten while in Lok Sabha elections it managed to win only one seat - Gondia -Bhandara - in the region.The Congress has finally woken up and drawn plans to counter the NCP aggression. However, the city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta denied that the CM janata durbar planned in city has nothing to do with the NCP flexing its muscles in Vidarbha. \"The MPCC has been regularly holding such durbars in Mumbai for over a year now, we wanted to replicate it Nagpur,\" said Gupta.Meanwhile, the CM durbar may not be held on September 14 as planned earlier. \"As per the tentative plan, CM was to address official review meetings of various departments for half the day and attend the janata durbar for couple of hours in the afternoon. Realizing that couple of hours dedicated to the durbar would not serve the purpose, we have changed the plans. Now, the CM's visit will be a two-day affair with one full day dedicated to durbar after official review meetings are held the previous day,\" said Gupta. \"We are trying to get the new dates from the CM office,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375583", "title": "National Talent Search Examination exam for Std X from this year", "text": "NAGPUR: The decision to conduct the National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) for Std X students instead of std VIII will be finally implemented this year. The scholarship exam has undergone multiple changes since its inception in the 1960s. In 2006, the exam's pattern was changed and only Std VIII students were eligible, and then in 2010 the National Council of Educational Research and Training ( NCERT) decided to shift it to Std X but did not implement the decision. This year, first stage of the exam is to be held in November.Bhagirath Kaushik, vice-president of publishing house S Chand &amp; Company, said, \"the exam will be based on the syllabus of Std IX &amp; X and even though many students appear for the exam, very few are aware of the change being effected from this year. The purpose of the exam is to identify talented students and nurture them. To achieve this, almost 3,000 NTSE scholarships will be handed out.\"The exam is conducted in two stages, with the first one scheduled for November 18 and final stage on May 12 next year. It will consist of Mental Ability Test ( MAT) and Scholastic Ability Test ( SAT). The official website for the exam conducting body states that the scholarship scheme was started in 1963. During the first year of the implementation, it was confined to the union territory of Delhi and only 10 scholarships were awarded to Class XI students. From the following year, the scheme was extended to entire country.After a change in educational pattern, the scheme too underwent a change in 1976 and was opened up to Std X, XI and XII, with separate exams for each class. In 2006, the authorities made yet another change and the exam was scheduled for Std VIII students only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "saranda (west singbhum)", "code": "16378340", "title": "Jairam Ramesh inspects road projects in Maoist-hit Saranda region", "text": "SARANDA (WEST SINGBHUM): Even after launching the Saranda Development Plan (SDP), the Centre has failed to muster courage in entering the Maoist heartland of Abuhj Maad In Chhattisgarh.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , who was in Saranda on Wednesday, candidly admitted that the Abujh Maad mission was not going to be easy and despite all efforts they have failed to even conduct basic survey of the 4000-sq km 'liberated' Abuhj Maad area. Ramesh said: \"I know that SDP is a pilot project launched the Centre to take democracy to Maoist strongholds across the country and we have been successful in implementing it here. At the same time, I agree that Abujh Maad will be a tough nut to crack,\" Ramesh said.Sprawling across 4,000 sqkm, Abujh Maad much bigger than Saranda or Sarju, where the Union government will launch the development programme under the Integrated Action Plan within a month.Despite all efforts, the security forces have failed to penetrate the area to assess the volume of development plan that will be undertaken there. The SDP covers six panchayats of Manoharpur block in West Singbhum district and ims to bring positive changes in the lives of around 6,000 families. They will now be getting the benefits of Indira Awas Yojna, free bicycles, transistors, all-season motorable roads.Ramesh, who inspected the ongoing road projects during his 250-km drive from Ranchi to Digha village in Saranda, expressed satisfaction over progress of the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377226", "title": "NMC decision on gardens' care today?", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is scheduled to decide on the the privatisation of the city gardens at its meeting on Thursday. The civic administration has sent the proposal to the committee over carrying out maintenance of civic city gardens using private labour since NMC staff had been employed for octroi-related services. If accepted, the NMC's garden department will be the first to resort to privatization on such a large scale. There around 429 civic gardens. The NMC spends around Rs 6 crore over their maintenance.Out of 429 gardens, maintenance works of 216 gardens are being carried out by self-help groups, labour societies and contractors. The maintenance of rest of the 213 gardens is being carried out by 222 employees of Garden Department of NMC.Around 30 employees of the Garden Department have been transferred to the Octroi Department. As a result, the maintenance of the city gardens have been affected to some extent due to inadequate workforce. Hence, the NMC administration has proposed maintenance through privatisation. Of the total gardens, NMC will itself will maintain 17 city gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373803", "title": "Cheaper CNG for Ahmedabad: HC seeks Centre\u2019s reply", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday sought explanation from the Centre and the Oil and Natural Gas Commission (ONGC) for not implementing its order to supply CNG to Ahmedabad at the same price as it supplies to Delhi and Mumbai.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala asked the authorities to reply to the contempt petition within two weeks and kept further hearing for later this month.A division bench of the high court on July 25 ordered the Centre to allot natural gas for domestic and vehicular usage to Ahmedabad at same price by enforcing the right of equality. The court also ordered the Union government not to discriminate between the Central PSU-supported city gas distribution (CGD) and private and Gujarat-based CGDs in connection with allocation of natural gas.Advocate Amit Panchal filed the contempt petition seeking punitive action against authorities concerned in the Centre and ONGC for non-implementation of the order as well as for flouting the directions. He cited a tender notice by which the ONGC has invited bids for distribution of gas in Ahmedabad, and in it city gas distribution is mentioned as fourth priority.The petition claimed that despite clear orders from HC to prioritize CGDs, the tender notice has invited bids for transportation of gas to Gas-based urea fertilisation plants instead of CGDs.Panchal pointed out that HC had not granted any stay on its order; neither has the Centre moved the Supreme Court questioning the HC order. In this situation, the Centre is bound to obey the HC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375663", "title": "CTET registrations witness 20% decline", "text": "NAGPUR: About 20% fewer candidates have registered for the Central Teachers' Eligibility Test (CTET) scheduled for November 18. The exam conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is now a mandatory requirement for new recruitments in all affiliated schools. The CTET is held twice a year and its qualifying certificate is valid for seven years.A CBSE official confirmed to TOI that about 8.38 lakh candidates have registered for the November CTET, which will be the third edition of the exam. That is an over 20% fall as compared to the 10.58 lakh candidates that registered for the CTET held in January. The first-ever CTET was conducted in June 2011 in which over 7 lakh candidates had registered.Despite the fall in registration, the CTET still continues to command huge registration numbers, putting right alongside the big ticket exam like JEE.The major concern with the CTET however has been its failure rate. In the first edition, about 86% of the candidates failed and in the second edition, the number went up to 94%. One of the major reasons for the failure rate being so high is that CTET requires a minimum 60% score for qualifying.Figures of registrations done from the Nagpur centre are still awaited and interest has been aroused because of the first two CTETs. The Nagpur centre saw a jump of almost 900% in registration in the second CTET, with numbers increasing from 2,400 to 23,751.From the next academic session, CBSE schools will recruit teachers only if they have cleared the CTET. Teachers already employed will not be affected by the CTET requirement. However, if they wish to change jobs then they loose that immunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "16377162", "title": "Key accused arrested in Durgapur gang rape case", "text": "DURGAPUR: The main accused in the Durgapur gang rape case, Rajesh Kora, was arrested from Piyala bus stand on Wednesday while he was trying to escape. Rajesh was produced in court and remanded in 14 days' judicial custody.Ajay Kumar Nand, police commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur, said it was Rajesh Kora, a contractual worker of a newspaper printing press, who called up his fellow workers when he found the victim in an intoxicated state. \"He was among the five persons who gang-raped the woman. We have already arrested two of the rape accused on Tuesday. The other two are still at large,\" he added.The 32-year-old victim was allegedly gang-raped late on Sunday night while her husband and companion were beaten up. Sixteen men had pounced on the trio. Rape charges were slapped against five persons and the rest 11 were accused of molesting the woman.On Tuesday, 10 persons were arrested, two of whom - Sunil and Sona Kora - had confessed to police of raping the woman. A test identification parade will be held on September 14 following which police will seek remand of the accused.Meanwhile, the victim on Tuesday evening, resumed work at her pathology and diagnostic centre in Asansol. It was only last week that the centre was reopened after a dispute between the victim and the co-owner.Durgapur police has arrested the key accused Rajesh Kora of the gang rape incident from Piala Bus stand at wee hours today. He was trying to escape. Police have forwarded him to court and was sent to 14 days jail custody. Comissioner of Police, Asansol- Durgapur, Ajay Kumar Nand said that it was Rajesh Kora, a conttractor employee of Darpan Publishing Private Limited who called his other mates over cell phone on that night seeing the woman in vulnerable position. He was among the five persons who have gang raped her. We have already arrested two more rapist yesterday, so still two rapists are at large,\" he added. Yesterday, police has arrested ten persons and they have been sent to 14 days jail custody. All the arrested hail from Korapara and Bauripara. Police claimed that sixteen people were involved in the crime and about 11 people have molested her. The arrested persons have confessed about their crime, police claimed.The victim will be taken to Durgapur sub correctional home for TI parade on 14 September. After which police will seek for remand for further seizure of clothes, cell phones and clues. Meanwhile, the victim has come back to Asansol and started normal life and joined work in her pathological and diagnostic centre near Court More yesterday evening. After long time legal dispute with the co-owner, the centre was closed down by Asansol South Police Outpost on court directives few months back. Last week, after settlement between the two, the centre has once again reopened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373878", "title": "Computers stolen from civic centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A civic centre in Naranpura was burgled and six computers stolen. Complaint has been filed at the Naranpura police station by the centre-operator, who has also alleged data theft in this case.The incident took place late on Monday night at Ankur Civic Centre in Naranpura. Six computers and six printers were stolen from the civic centre run by private contractor Vineet Kurmi. \"Civic centres in the city have been given on contract to private firms by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. In this case the usual routine was that the centre would be opened every morning by Kurmi while in the night the centre was locked up by Kiran Chhasia, a resident of Sabarmati,\" police said.On Monday night, Kiran locked the place usual. But, on Tuesday morning when Kurmi came to open the centre, he saw that the locks on its doors had been broken.When police reached the spot and took stock of the losses, they found that computers and printers were stolen. tnnKurmi's complaint has been registered. \"He has stated that more important than the computers and printers is the huge data that was stored in the hard discs. The computers contained valuable data about tax payers,\" said Naranpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376501", "title": "DIOS identifies schools with dubious credentials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state education department has taken action against institutions running as government schools without being awarded recognition. The District Inspector of Schools (DIOS), Lucknow, Umesh Tripathi handed over a list of 229 such dubious schools to the police on Monday. He handed over a list of dubious schools to SSP and SP crime branch and urged the police department to take strict action against offenders behind the mushrooming of such schools.Out of the 229 such schools identified in Lucknow, 118 are totally illegal as the education department never granted them recognition at any level, though are running classes for the UP Board. At least 11 schools are conducting illegally classes X and XII, when actually they are recognised to hold only primary classes. Some of these schools have even opened up branches in different parts of the district.Lucknow has 653 recognised schools, which include government/aided/self-financed schools. According to the UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, an average of 35,000 students every year take admission to classes IX and XI in schools that are not recognised. The total number of such students, including the pass-outs, could be running in lakhs.\"There will be some 15,000 students affected by this action,\" said DIOS Umesh Tripathi. He said that these schools mainly functioned as coaching centres. UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, which has welcomed the action taken against the illegally running schools, had submitted a list of 351 fake schools to the education department officers on July 27. The DIOS had constituted 130 teams to verify the credentials of 653 registered schools and 11 teams to identify schools that are not recognised.On the basis of the inquiry report, DIOS had issued notices to at least 50 recognised schools for registering students illegally. This time complaint has been lodged against 229 schools that are not recognised.\"Schools against which action has been taken are ones we had mentioned in our details to the education department,\" said RP Mishra, president of the association.The association demanded that students who will be left in the lurch after the action of DIOS, should be accommodated in recognised schools.October 1 is the last date for registration of students in classes IX and XI and this is the time when education mafia are over-active to get students studying in their fake schools registered with recognised schools. \"We demand that before giving registration forms to recognised schools, details like total number of students studying from classes I to XII be checked,\" said Mishra..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "srinagar/jammu", "code": "16377412", "title": "Kandahar hijack suspect arrested in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR/JAMMU: In a significant breakthrough, the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police on Thursday arrested Mehrajuddin Dand, one of the terror suspects behind the hijacking of Indian Airlines flight IC-814 to Kandahar in December 1999, from the mountainous Kishtwar region of Jammu.Mehrajudin figures in the list of top 20 fugitives' list that India has given to Pakistan.The police, acting on specific intelligence inputs, launched a search operation late on Wednesday night and zeroed in on him at an undisclosed place on the Jammu-Srinagar highway.Mehrajuddin, who is also known as Javed, was a close associate of United Jihad Council (UJC) chief Syed Salahuddin as well as the underworld don, Dawood Ibrahim. Intelligence sources said Mehrajuddin was in one of the first group of militants, including Salahuddin, who crossed over to Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK) in 1987 for arms training. The source added, \"We're investigating the matter and his involvement in providing logistical support to hijackers of IC-814 to Kandahar from Nepal.\"\"Mehrajuddin is originally from militancy prone Sopore town of north Kashmir and was a member of UJC, the umbrella group of several militant and terrorist outfits. He has been operating in J&K; for the last 25 years,\" said the source. He then added that the top terrorist has spilled the beans about his association with Salahuddin and others who figure in the list of 20 most wanted persons India gave to Pakistan. \"This man provided logistical support and direction to the hijackers of IC-814,\" the intelligence source said.Indian Airlines Flight 814 was hijacked soon after it took off from Nepal on December 24, 1999. It was first taken to Chandigarh and from there to Kandahar, Afghanistan by Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, a Pakistan-based terror group. The hijackers had killed one passenger, Rupin Katyal. The aircraft spent a week in Kandahar before it returned after the NDA government agreed to a swap that included three top terrorists, Maulana Masood Azhar, Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh and Mushtaq Ahmed Zargar in return of the passengers and the plane.Omar Sheikh was later arrested for his involvement in the killing of Wall Street Journal correspondent, Daniel Pearl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375078", "title": "Old private ward at AIIMS won\u2019t be demolished", "text": "NEW DELHI: The demolition of the old private ward at AIIMS \u2014 which has around 60 patient beds and important offices including hospital administration department\u2014 to construct a new paid ward block has been scrapped, institute director Dr R C Deka told TOI on Wednesday.Deka said that he has come to the conclusion following concern raised by some doctors about lack of alternative arrangement for admitting critically-ill patients and commotion it could cause as there is already lot of construction work going on across the campus.\"There are already two major projects going on \u2014 construction of the convergence block and multi-level parking. Starting another project in the middle of the campus may add to the chaos. So we decided to stop this project,\" Deka said. He added Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has been apprised about the whole issue.The AIIMS director also said that retrofitting might be carried if needed to deal with any immediate crisis. Sources said that an IIT Roorkee team which studied the seismic stability of the old private ward block had also recommended retrofitting which could take about 12 months and a cost of Rs 12.22 crore (approx).However, the institute decided to demolish the building and construct a new ward \u2014 housing 112 rooms and with a parking capacity of 358 cars \u2014 at a cost of Rs 89 crore.Many faculty members alleged there could be a corruption angle to it. \"When retrofitting can be done in one-tenth the cost of the new building, why go for the later? I welcome the director's decision,\" said a senior doctor.He added that a review of the construction of porta-cabins is also needed. \"They have created a 24-bedded geriatric ward, which is being introduced in the hospital for the first time, in a portable cabin in the middle of the new private ward. There is no space for patients to move around and rain water can seep into the ward as it is located in an open space surrounded by three-storey buildings on all sides,\" the doctor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16378633", "title": "Solar power to illuminate Agartala City Centre", "text": "AGARTALA: A 50-kilowatt capacity solar power plant was inaugurated on Tuesday for illuminating the main shopping site of Agartala City Centre, including the administrative block of Agartala Municipal Council ( AMC ).However, the ambitious project to make Agartala as the country's first solar city has received a setback as the Union ministry of new and renewable Energy (MNRE) did not receive the masterplan, officials said here on Wednesday.According to reports, the masterplan for only seven cities, including two from the northeast - Kohima and Aizawl - had been finalized as part of a project to develop 60 solar cities in the country. Sources said Agartala has to engage consultants for preparing the masterplan laying stress on initiatives and regulatory measures in promoting energy efficiency and renewable energy. But the government is yet to appoint a consultant.A project of Rs 20 crore has been undertaken to make Agartala a \"solar city\" on 90 per cent grants from the Centre. But it could not take off in the first phase because of absence of the masterplan, a source said. According to power minister Manik Dey, the state government has planned to make Agartala the first solar capital city of northeast by reducing the consumption of at least 10 per cent of conventional energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378213", "title": "HC bail for BPF MLA in ethnic riots cases", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Wednesday granted bail to Bodoland Peoples' Front (BPF) MLA Pradeep Brahma in all the cases filed against him. Earlier, the high court had granted him bail in only one of seven cases. He is likely to be released from Kokrajhar jail on Thursday, sources said.Brahma, who represents of Kokrajhar (West) constituency in the state assembly, was arrested on August 22 night from his residence at Dotoma in Kokrajhar district by Assam Police on charges of inciting mob violence during the recent communal flare-up in the BTC area. He was arrested on the basis of seven FIRs lodged against him in Dotoma and Fakiragram police stations in Kokrajhar.Brahma, who was represented by advocate Arshad Choudhury, was released against two sureties of Rs 30,000 for each case.However, the high court asked him to deposit his passport at the sub-divisional judicial magistrate's court. The court also ordered him to cooperate with the police in inquiries if needed and take the permission of the concerned magistrate before visiting the place of occurrence of the violence, Kokrajhar.His arrest had sparked fresh violence in the BTC area, with the BPF calling for an indefinite bandh against the arrest, which was subsequently withdrawn. The BPF, the only ally of the ruling Congress in Assam, is in the power in the BTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375409", "title": "10% water cut likely to be lifted", "text": "MUMBAI: With the stock in the six lakes that supply water to the city improving significantly, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) appears all set to roll back the 10% cut soon. A formal announcement in this regard will be made in the standing committee meeting on Friday. The total water stock in the six lakes has rising steadily following a good spell of showers in the catchment areas.The water cuts were introduced on July 1 due to the delayed monsoon. With the catchment areas receiving heavy rainfall since then and the deficit being bridged to a large extent, the cuts are all set be rolled back, say sources, adding that the coming festive season is another factor.The total water stock in the lakes currently stands at 12.4 lakh million litres, as against 12.5 lakh million litres needed to suffice for the entire year. \"With the water stock improving, there is no need for cuts now. A formal decision to withdraw the cuts will be taken on Friday,\" said standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale, who is on a visit to the lakes.So far, three of the six lakes have overflowed and the others are on the brink of overflowing. Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna are only 1 m and 2 m away, respectively, from the overflow mark; Vihar lake is 3 m short.While the idea of cloud-seeding has been put to rest for now, the civic body will still undertake work on setting up a watchtower and a weather radar in the catchment area of one of the lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377067", "title": "Street furniture to give Rajarhat a futuristic look", "text": "KOLKATA: Taking a cue from the smart street furniture installed in New Delhi during the Commonwealth Games , the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) plans to give Rajarhat New Town a fresh and clean look.The Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), which is working as a consultant for Hidco to develop the township's transport system, recently gave a presentation on street furniture as well.Officials said they are looking at smartly designed railings, bus-stops, public toilets, information boards, benches, traffic signal systems, variable message boards, garbage bins and food or magazine kiosks. \"We will discuss how the methodology can be adopted for Rajarhat New Town,\" a Hidco official said.Such smart street furniture were set up in New Delhi in the wake of the Commonwealth Games. and the Hidco authorities are taking a cue from the installations.Officials said that the system in New Delhi is self-sustaining. There is a group of trained workers equipped with vehicles and machines to maintain all the street furniture at regular intervals.Hidco is working on beautifying Rajarhat New Town to develop it as a futuristic city. A workshop will be conducted next week where 12 well known artists will carve out sculptures to be installed at New Town traffic intersections. An eco-park is being developed on a 430-acre waterbody.Hidco authorities have also asked developers, who have set up housing projects in the township, to come up with beautification plans. \"There is a need to install road direction markers in the township as motorists face problems to identify and reach a particular place,\" a local resident said.The state government is already working on a beautification plan of the city and upcoming towns to impart a bright, aesthetic, clean and green look. The overall plan include roadsides, pavements, road dividers, boulevards, traffic islands and crossings with complete street decoration, including well illuminated street lights. The idea is to come up with theme-based, stylized beautification of these towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375092", "title": "Got 5% VAT bill on flat? Ask builder for breakup", "text": "MUMBAI: Property buyers who have been handed a 5% value-added tax (VAT) bill by builders can ask them for a breakup of the amount as the state government has repeatedly clarified that the tax cannot be more than 0.5% to 3% of the total agreement value.Condemning the \"unfair practice\", consumer activists have said that developers are including their profit margins and interest costs in the computation and passing off the entire chunk as VAT.They have asked flat buyers to seek redressal from the Council for Fair Business Practices (CFBP). Anand Patwardhan, former president of Consumer Guidance Society of India and now legal advisor at CFBP, said, \"Buyers should ask for the breakup to see how developers have arrived at the VAT amount. This is unfair.''CFBP's vice-president Hoshang Billimoria added the government's decision to levy VAT on those who bought property between 2006 and 2010, itself, is unfair. \"Secondly, since the government has clarified the VAT amount, developers must not ask for 5%. Consumers can complain to us; we will try to resolve the issue.''Developers in the city, Navi Mumbai and Thane have been sending letters to buyers saying they have to pay VAT to the sales tax department before October 31. \"We have written to our customers to keep a provision for tax dues of 5%, as there is still confusion in the state government on VAT computation... We will soon know the quantum of tax to be paid by flat purchasers. If the amount paid is more than that computed, it will be refunded,'' said the spokesperson for D B Realty. Wadhwa Group has made a similar promise.Lodha Group has sent out a demand letter. Others such as Mayfair and Ekta Group have already collected 5% VAT and kept the amount in escrow accounts or obtained bank guarantees. Some have told buyers that of the 5%, they will pay 2.5% in protest while the balance will be kept in fixed deposits, the interest on which will be payed to flat buyers.Buyers, though, remain far from reassured. \"How am I going to shell out Rs 1.75 lakh, which is 5% of the flat agreement of Rs 35 lakh,'' said a designer who bought a 1BHK flat near Dindoshi, Goregaon (West), four years ago.\"I bought this Rs 1 crore flat two and half years ago after emptying all my life earnings and taking a 10-year home loan. The only way I will be able to pay the Rs 5 lakh VAT is by taking another loan. The thought is daunting,\" said an architect, a Bandra resident.While developers have promised refund, they are yet to decide on the interest on the huge amounts parked with them. Vimal Shah, MD, Hubtown, said, \"These are issues on which we hope to take a decision by the month-end. If the government refunds the money with interest, we will give that interest to the customers... Developers are seeking 5% of the agreement value as there is no clarity on the computation of VAT.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374267", "title": "Four arrested for abetting suicide of a woman", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people, including the husband of a 25-year-old woman who committed suicide at her house in Chindaripet, were arrested on Wednesday on charges of abetting suicide and demanding dowry on Wednesday.The victim Abinaya's father, Sivalingam of Ulundurpet, lodged a complaint with the commissioner of police, suspecting foul play. Abinaya committed suicide by consuming rat poison on Tuesday. Sivalingam alleged that his daughter Abinaya was harassed for dowry and sexually abused by her husband's brother. He added that the victim's in-laws admitted her in a hospital under a false name on Tuesday, claiming that she attempted suicide. Abinaya married Ramesh Kumar , employee of a private television channel three months ago.Based on his complaint, Chindaripet police registered cases under IPC sections 306 and 498 A and arrested her husband, his brother, their mother Lalitha and a family friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16374633", "title": "Vigilance probe into paddy procurement scam begins", "text": "Sasaram: On the directive of the state government, the vigilance department has started inquiry into the paddy procurement scam in Rohtas district during 2011-12. An SP of the vigilance department, Rajendra Prasad , who has been entrusted with the probe, met Rohtas DM Anupam Kumar on Wednesday and requested for providing all related documents.The DM has issued necessary instructions to the district supply officer (DSO) in this regard. The district has topped the state in paddy procurement.Sources said the state government ordered for vigilance inquiry on the petition of general secretary of employees union of State food corporation (SFC) Ajay Kumar Das.Das had provided a 100-page document in support of his allegation against the district manager, SFC, and transporters. Sources said that the vigilance team is likely to interrogate the transporters who were awarded contracts for lifting the procured paddy from purchasing centre and delivering the same either to SFC godown or the rice mills. But, sources said, paddy was transported only on paper.Though the vigilance SP refused to divulge the details of inquiry saying several teams of officers will be formed for impartial inquiry.Sources said that apart from hitting the headlines, the issue of alleged irregularities in paddy procurement was also raised in the state assembly by the ruling party MLAs. The vigilance team reportedly asked the DSO to provide the list of rice mills which had delivered about 75,000 mt paddy for custom milling. Sources said that many mills are running only on paper.The role of chairpersons of 234 primary agriculture credit society (PACS) is likely to be probed too. The records of the drought-prone blocks like Chenari, Nauhatta and Rohtas show unexpected paddy production.About one dozen cases related to procurement on fake lagan receipts were detected in Rohtas district and about a dozen FIRs were registered against procurement centres in-charges and other officials concerned. Sources said the complainant had alleged that on the last day of procurement, that is April 12, unexpected paddy was shown to have been procured and transported to their destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375129", "title": "HC upholds conviction in Pune BPO staffer\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: In one of the fastest hearings in a confirmation case, the Bombay High Court on Wednesday upheld the conviction of two persons for the abduction, rape and murder of Pune BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhary. The high court will pronounce its verdict on the sentence on Thursday.When a sessions court passes a sentence of death, its proceedings are submitted to the high court. The sentence cannot be executed unless it is confirmed by the high court.On November 1, 2007, Jyotikumari Chaudhary (22), who worked with Wipro's BPO at Hinjewadi, was raped and killed by the driver of a company-hired car and his friend. It was her last day of employment. She was picked up at her residence but did not reach for the night shift. The case sent shockwaves throughout Pune.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode gave its verdict on appeals filed by Purushottam Borate (then 26) and Pradeep Kokade (then 20) against the March 20, 2012, Pune sessions court order.The judges began dictating the order and at the rising of the court informed public prosecutor Revati Dere and defence advocate Rahul Kate that they were upholding the conviction. \"We are confirming the conviction. Our conclusion is that the findings (of the trial court) on conviction is correct,\" said Justice Kanade, adding that the reasons for upholding the conviction will be given on Thursday. The judges said they will also pronounce verdict on the sentence after hearing the arguments.The sessions court had held that the rape and killing was \"pre-planned\" and termed it as \"the rarest of rare cases''. The court also said that it was identical to the Dhananjay Chatterjee case in which a minor was raped and murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375994", "title": "Folk art writer Lingaiah passes away", "text": "BANGALORE: Prof D Lingaiah, prolific writer and an authority on Kannada folk art, passed away at a literary event on Wednesday. He was 71.He was presiding over an award felicitation programme organized by BM Sri Prathistana, at NR Colony. He had addressed the gathering about the prestigious award to be given to literary personalities like G Venkatasubbaiah, LS Sheshagiri Rao, M Chidanandamurthy, TV Venkatachalashastry. He collapsed when the felicitation began around 5.55 pm. He was rushed to a private nursing home. He died following a massive heart attack, the hospital confirmed.Lingaiah was president of the Prathistana for the past year and a half. \"His books on Shivapurada Satyagraha and Kengal Hanumantaiah are excellent research pieces. He had written on Bangalore's folk festivals such as Karaga and Kadalekai Parishe,\" said witer MH Krishnaiah, who was present at the event.\"I've always admired him for his emphasis on research and resourceful writing on folk art,\" said Venkatasubbaiah.Lingaiah had served as principal of VV Puram College. \"He was suffering from a urinary infection for almost a month,\" said writer Ra Nam Chandrashekar, his close associate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16374626", "title": "CM lays foundation of six-lane bridge over Falgu", "text": "GAYA: Amidst anti-administration slogans raised by NDA workers, chief minister Nitish Kumar laid the foundation of the 557 meter long and 26 meter wide, six-lane bridge over river Falgu, estimated to cost Rs 64 crore.The dream bridge will take three years to complete. The foundation stone of the bridge, the first six-lane bridge in the state, was laid by the CM at a public function held at the Bhusunda cattle fair ground on the eastern side of Falgu on Wednesday afternoon.The bridge linking NH-82 with NH-83, will further widen the chasm between the Gaya administration and NDA workers as the administration, for security reasons, did not allow NDA men to go beyond the area. Those denied proximity to the CM at the official function included the district JD(U) chief Ram Chandra Singh and his BJP counterpart Jainendra Kumar. The NDA workers shouted slogans while holding garlands and bouquets to offer to the otherwise fortified CM. Attempting to assuage the hurt feelings of his supporters, the CM told officials that the party workers were not a security threat to him rather he felt safer in their company. Men and women were a source of strength to him and as such they did not pose any threat to his security. And in any case, no security was fully foolproof, said the chief minister.Addressing the public meet, the CM said that Gaya always occupied his special attention as the place was of utmost tourist and pilgrim attraction. The CM also gifted a stadium to the Gayaites. The stadium will be built in the Manpur area of the town. Art, culture and youth affairs department will take the initiative in the stadium construction.Nitish also said he wanted Manpur, once dubbed as the Manchester of India, developed as Kanpur, the industrial township of the neighbouring UP. Nitish regretted that the Centre was reluctant to extend the desired cooperation in the development of the state. He also announced that the unfinished road bridge over Morhar river in Paraiya will be completed. CM ended his somewhat brief speech with a promise that he will be visiting the place again during the next leg of his Seva Yatra. Nitish is also scheduled to visit Gaya on October 9 for the preparatory meet of November 4 'Adhikar rally', of the party in Patna .Assembly Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary presided over the meet. Those present included minister in- charge Shyam Rajak, road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav and urban development minister Prem Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379630", "title": "Intangible perspectives of abstract art", "text": "Twelve artists get together to celebrate ideas of the abstract at a city gallery this week.The best things about group art shows are that you can see a variety of works, each of which are distinctly individualistic in style and composition, yet possess a certain harmony. And if you are an art lover, this surely works for you. Abstract Horizons \u2014 showing in the city this week, features works of about 12 artists, including Anwar, Brinda Miller, Sujata Bajaj and Sohan Qadri.Rich dyes transform the canvases and invoke your creativity to interpret them the way you want to. Brinda's works are almost three-dimensional because of her expert use of different mediums that she incorporates in all her mixed media works \u2014 acrylic, oils, corrugated cardboard, cloth and metallic paper. Her experimentation with art and its innumerable forms has helped her develop a distinctive style. Sujata Bajaj's Enigma and Equilibre are beautifully loud with a generous use of primary colours like blue, red, yellow. Her works are vibrant and her concepts very clear, making them attractive to even non-art connoisseurs. Sohan Qadri's ink and dye on paper shows how various hues mix into each other and holds forth, giving his work a unique style. While Subhash Awchat's untitled acrylic on canvas uses greys and muted colours, Vijay Shinde's works are dominated by geometric forms and Anwar's monochromatic works are interesting, too. Payal Khandwala's oil on canvas is also a part of the exhibition while Yusuf, Ingrid, Kavita Jaiswal, and Ravi Mandlik's works are inspiring and even thought-provoking.With so much variety on canvas, this exhibition surely shows us the newer horizons in abstract art.This group show can be viewed at Tao Art Gallery, Div J Tao Creations Ltd, 165, The View , Dr A. B. Road, Worli till September18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16377160", "title": "Deputy collector, aide held for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Wednesday night arrested a deputy collector and his assistant for taking a Rs 2 lakh bribe to clear a file regarding a land deal in Mulshi taluka.Kiran Bapu Mahajan, the deputy collector of the tenancy branch of the Pune district collectorate, and his assistant, Rajesh Shivaji Randive, were caught while they were accepting the bribe from complainant Sanjeev Gawde.Speaking to TOI, superintendent of police Sarang Awad said that Gawde wanted to purchase 10 acres of land at Khand village in Mulshi taluka.As per state government guidelines, permission of the tenancy branch is necessary for such deals. \"Around oneand-a-half years ago, Gawde had approached the tenancy branch had submitted the documents pertaining to the deal,\" Awad said.He said that Mahajan and Randive had demanded Rs 2 lakh from Gawde to give the required sanctions for the deal. \"On June 14, Gawde lodged a complaint with the anti-corruption burewau,\" Awad said.Since then, officials from the anti-corruption bureau had laid several traps to catch the suspects. On Wednesday night, Randive was caught red-handed, while accepting the money on behalf of Mahajan on the premises of the district collectorate .\"We have started searching Mahajan's and Randive's houses,\" Awad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16375468", "title": "Man whose wife committed suicide tries to end life", "text": "AKOLA: Ganesh Shete, whose wife Manisha jumped in a well with their children Yogini and Arnav on Monday night, attempted suicide by consuming a poisonous substance in the presence of police at Palodi village on Tuesday.Manisha and two-year-old Arnav had drowned while Yogini was saved by one Harshal Deshmukh.Police said that Ganesh had been harassing his wife for dowry. Manisha's parents had already paid him Rs 5 lakh to build a house but Ganesh was demanding for Rs 3 lakh more. He was also a heavy drinker and used to torture Manisha physically.At the time of the incident, Ganesh had apparently passed out naked on his bed and was unaware of Manisha's drastic act.Sources said that when he married Manisha, a native of Pandharkawda in Yavatmal district, in the year 2002, he had claimed to be an electrical contractor. However, later Manisha found out that he was jobless and an alcoholic.Noted psychiatrist Dr Pramod Thakre said that the physical and mental harassment must have resulted in Manisha losing her mental balance, due to which she committed suicide.Police have arrested four persons including Ganesh. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376088", "title": "BJP asks President to stop government attacks on CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the escalating political row over coal block allocations, BJP on Wednesday took the battle against the government to President Pranab Mukherjee, asking him to advise the UPA government that it was improper to attack a constitutional institution like the CAG.BJP parliamentary party leader L K Advani, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , her Rajya Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley and PAC chairperson Murli Manohar Joshi met Mukherjee and submitted a memorandum expressing 'deep anguish and profound concern' over Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress questioning the CAG report on the coal scam.\"MPs and high functionaries belonging to the Congress party and the Prime Minister himself have gone public in criticizing the CAG's report. Motives, including that of having political ambitions, have been openly attributed to the CAG.... What is most shocking is the statement of the PM in Parliament on August 27,\" the memorandum said.\"We told the President that we have come to you as our concern is that when constitutional institutions are weakened, your intervention is required... You should advice the government that it is not right for to do this,\" Advani said.The memorandum said the CAG's authority in conducting performance audit was challenged several times. \"In Parliament, the prime minister had said that the observations of CAG are clearly disputable and further that CAG's findings are flawed on multiple counts,\" it said. Mukherjee heard the BJP leaders patiently and promised to look into the matter, Advani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374950", "title": "Councillors demand salary at par with MLAs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The councillors of the North Corporation want a salary similar to the ones given to MLAs and ministers. They wrote a letter to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde asking Rs 30,000 per month as salary and office expenses.\"We, councillors, are neglected in the democratic framework. Even the meeting allowance should be increased from Rs 300 to Rs 1000 per meeting,\" said Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House. The BJP brass had met Shinde on Tuesday.\"While MPs get Rs two lakh towards salary, office maintenance and tour allowance, the MLAs get Rs one lakh for the same. But despite being elected representatives, the councillors are deprived of such benefits. They get only Rs 300 for the House meetings. Since only three or four meetings of the House takes place every month, their allowance does not exceed Rs 1200 per month. Further, the maximum limit of meeting allowance is fixed at Rs 3000 which is too meager an amount for meeting the expenses,\" said Nagpal in the letter. It may be noted that leaders of the erstwhile MCD had also demanded hike in salary, but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375364", "title": "Jayaswals had asked Jaiswal to arbitrate on family feud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal was nominated final arbitrator in 2008 in the dispute between the Jayaswal brothers of Nagpur who figure in three CBI FIRs into the massive irregularities in allocation of coal blocks, according to an internal communication of the family.The document also says Lokmat group, whose promoters figure in the CBI cases, got 26% free stake in a Jayaswal company for its \"efforts\" to get coal blocks for them.However, Sriprakash Jaiswal told TOI on Wednesday that he was not involved in the family matters of the Jayaswals. \"I never interfered in the Jayaswal family matter. I know about this letter. They (Jayaswals) had approached me to sort out and become authority in their company matters but I told them that I don't have time for such things. It was their personal matter,\" he said.The 2008 letter written by Abhijeet group MD Manoj Jayaswal to his father Basant Lall Shaw details financial disputes between him and the rest of the family. \"In the event permission for the relocation is not granted, BLS shall retain JLD and MXJ group shall also pay to BLS group such adequate compensation...as may be decided by Shri Shriprakashji Jaiswal of Kanpur, whose decision shall be binding and final and the parties shall not appeal against the same.\"26% free shares to Lokmat groupManoj Jayaswal and his companies are among the chief beneficiaries of the controversial allocations of coal blocks through the screening committee route.The coal minister has consistently dismissed the suggestion that his proximity to Manoj Jayaswal helped the latter bag coal blocks, maintaining that all the allocations had been decided before he took charge of the coal ministry.TOI tried to reach Manoj Jayaswal both at his Nagpur corporate office and the Delhi office but he was not available for comments.Jayaswal group of companies JAS Infrastructure, JLD Yavatmal and AMR Iron and Steel have been named by CBI in its first set of FIRs and the Jayaswals will be questioned starting next week.CBI sources said they \"had not come across this letter yet but we will take it on record during investigations\".The letter also gives important details of how the Jayaswals managed to pocket coal blocks. According to Manoj Jayaswal, it was decided by the family to give at least 26% free shares to anyone who was instrumental in getting coal blocks allotted to the family companies.As per the family settlement, \"26% shares of AMR (which figure in the CBI FIR) are to be allotted free of cost to Lokmat group. The rights on balance 14% also needs to be decided by Shri Sriprakashji,\" Manoj Jayaswal says in the letter, which appears to reflect his faith in the Union minister.\"AMR has been allocated a coal block because of the efforts of Lokmat group and hence commitments made have to be honoured in true spirit. I convey that 26% free equity be allotted immediately to Lokmat group without any further delay and Lokmat group nominees be appointed as chairman and director or else other matters pertaining to IFS would be jeopardized, needless to say that I would not be responsible for the same,\" he further says in the letter. \"Further, I (Manoj Jayaswal) urge that a suitable time be communicated to Shri Shriprakashji for settlement of ownership of 14% shares of AMR,\" he goes on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374261", "title": "To clear garbage, corporation banks on manpower agencies", "text": "CHENNAI: Struggling with a severe shortage of conservancy workers in the extended areas, the Corporation of Chennai is using workers supplied by private manpower agencies.These workers use corporation brooms, tricycles, bins, compactors and lorries. \"During the six-month contract, the agency supplies a set number of workers every day,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. This is expected to address absenteeism and general staff shortage.\"We have stated a daily requirement and despite their off-days and leaves, it is the agency's responsibility to ensure we get adequate staff,\" he said.Currently, 1,421 workers outsourced from agencies work with 9,664 permanent staff. This, officials say, is until the complete privatization of garbage collection is finalized. In March, an 'expression of interest' was issued, inviting private firms interested in garbage collection, including sweeping and door-to-door collections in any or all zones except Kodambakkam, Teynampet and Adyar which had already been contracted to Ramky Enviro.So far 17 of the 28 companies who expressed interest have been shortlisted, and will be allowed to submit their proposals and quotations. Officials say privatization will reduce the corporation's salary burden and the cost of buying new equipment. \"Even the government has prescribed privatization of certain categories of work executed by us like solid waste management and road work,\" said the commissioner. The civic body currently spends 400 crore a year on garbage collection, excluding machinery and vehicles.Shortage of staff and garbage bins has led to garbage pile-ups. Many councillors, whose wards have got workers from outside agencies, are happy. \"It used to be chaos when temporary workers were employed on a daily basis,\" said a councillor. She added that outsourced workers were more efficient than corporation staff.The corporation has also decided to employ 1,000 more workers on a contract basis for zones 4, 5, 6 and 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378832", "title": "Barkatullah University portal among top 20 websites", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University may not be considered as one of the best varsities of the country, but its website figures in a list of top 20 best websites of the country. In terms of popularity, it enjoys 12th slot from the top in the list of 560 web portals.The National Informatics Centre (NIC) announced the ranking recently. The website of Central Public Works Department (CPWD) ranked first at the national level.When contacted, BU website coordinator Dr Amit Dutta said the NIC decided the rank on different parameters. \"They first check the updated content available on the website. We update information on the website number of times in a day,\" Dr Dutta said. This could be gauged from the fact that the university provides even the internal exams marks of various exams conducted across 248 university-affiliated colleges in eight districts of the state.Besides, he added, the number of hits is another parameter. \"We had 12 crore hits last year and this year the figure is expected to be 20 crore,\" Dr Dutta claimed. The BU website is accessed by users not only across India but also from countries, including the US.Interestingly, BU's website is the only university portal among all the varsities across India that has secured a place in top 12 positions. Union home ministry's portal ranked second while the Prasar Bharti's website won the third position.The other parameters taken into account for choosing top 20 portals also include loading time, navigation, traffic and others. \"We have made portal's home page light which helps users open the website in quick time. Despite heavy traffic on the website owing to continuous access from various parts of the world, our website has been working smoothly,\" Dr Dutta said.Pioneer of the website, Dr Dutta has been associated with the website since 2004. \"Proper support from the staff and the university authorities helped our website achieve unique distinction at the national level,\" he added. Dutta has been invited to evaluate research papers to be presented during the world congress on information, communication and technology. The world congress will be organised at Thirvanantpuram in November this year.\"In association with the NIC, I am planning to add the online payment feature. It will be launched soon,\" Dutta signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374716", "title": "Congress shrugs off SP\u2019s comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday brushed off Samajwadi Party's attacks on Rahul Gandhi and UPA-II's \"scams\", saying personal attacks were uncalled for and reminded SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav of his presence on the dais when the government's report card was released.\"I am not aware of what Mulayam Singh has said. But I know when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh presented our report card to the people on completion of three years of UPA-II, Mulayam Singh was standing with the PM on the dais. He showed the report to the people of India,\" Congress spokesman Rashid Alvi said. Alvi was referring to the May function where Mulayam was given pride of place on the dais with UPA leaders. He posed for a group photograph and raised the report and had later said he appreciated the consideration offered to him.In its latest diatribe against the government, SP said it was supporting Congress despite the scams dogging it as it wanted to keep \"communal forces\" \u2014 read BJP-led NDA \u2014 at bay. The SP chief has been critical of Congress, his irritation further sharpened by UPA-II's bid to pass a Bill granting reservation in promotions for SC/ST, a move he feels will benefit his rival, BSP chief Mayawati.Alvi was also dismissive of SP leader Mohan Singh's remarks that he was yet to hear a significant comment from Rahul Gandhi on major issues confronting the nation. \"I don't know who Mohan Singh in Samajwadi Party is. If someone has criticized Rahul Gandhi, then the person does not know Rahulji or his work. I condemn such a personal attack,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16373436", "title": "Bengal school in Subroto cup semifinals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kalyanghar Vidya Mandir from West Bengal became the last team to book the semifinal berth in the Under-14 category of the 53rd Subroto Cup football tournament after defeating Simalguri High School from Assam 3-1 in the final quarterfinal here on Wednesday.Shanu Majumdar scored a brace (4th, 47th) while Prakash Sarkar chipped in with a goal in the 32nd minute to help their team set up a semifinal clash with Government High School, Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16376522", "title": "Three Nagpur shuttlers ensure two titles in state badminton", "text": "NAGPUR: Just three players but the team still managed to win two titles. Sounds strange but it's true. As if to prove that quality always counts rather than quantity, Rasika Raje, Swatika Butey and Vaishnavi Bhale struck a formidable combination to guide Nagpur district team to double crown.The trio of Rasika, Swatika and Vaishnavi justified the faith shown in them by the team management--coach Kiran Makode and manager Pinaki Mukherjee--to deliver the results expected from them.Although, Nagpur squad (U-17 and U-19) had eight players, the think tank deliberately used only Rasika, Swatika and Vaishnavi in the two finals played against Pune at Subhedar Hall on Wednesday.The strategy paid dividends for the hosts with all three playing their roles to perfection. While Vaishnavi did the bulk of the job in the U-17 final, Rasika used her all-round prowess to carry her team to victory in the U-19 final.Swatika's day started disastrously losing the opening singles to Pune's Revati Devasthale. However, the 15-year-old Bhavan's student made up for her loss by playing a crucial role in the next two doubles. She partnered Vaishnavi brilliantly to level the scores 1-1 before Vaishnavi clinched the issue with her singles win in the decider. Later in the U-19 final, Swatika complimented well with Rasika to shatter the hopes of Pune.However, coach Makode refused to give the credit to any particular player and termed it as total team effort.\"We won because of our team spirit and combined effort. We banked upon our three main players because that was our best chance to beat the strong team like Pune. But the credit goes to each and every member of the team,\" an emotional Makode told TOI after the win. He admitted that double crown was a great achievement and it will give big boost to the local badminton.\"Frankly speaking we were confident of winning the U-19 but as far as U-17 was concerned it was fifty-fifty. All three girls performed really well. As a coach, it was one of the happiest days of my life,\" added Makode.Swatika and Vaishnavi are the product of Makode, while Rasika, who earlier trained under Prasad Sadhankar, has now shifted to Hyderabad-based Pullela Gopichand Academy around five months ago.The NDBA president Balbir Singh Renu and badminton lover Amit Bajaj presented Rs 22,000 each to the Nagpur girls teams for doing the region proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16376519", "title": "Balu Nag refuses to obey court order", "text": "MANALI: Balu Nag, a prominent deity in Kullu valley, who has been fighting with another deity Shringa Rishi for occupying prime place during the international Kullu Dussehra festivities, has supposedly refused to obey Himachal Pradesh high court order favouring the latter, followers of the deity have claimed.According to tradition, all local deities from the valley are invited to be part of Dussehra celebrations every year, but Balu Nag and Shringa Rishi, due to their differences over who should occupy the space on the right side of Lord Raghunath (Lord Rama), were not being invited following imposing of Section 144 of Criminal Procedure Code in 2008 when followers of the two deities had clashed over the issue. Both the deities want to place themselves on the right side of the chariot of Lord Raghunath during the annual Dussehra procession. Shringa Rishi's followers had approached the high court last year and the court directed Dussehra organizers to respect Shringa Rishi and invite him with honor.Following the court's directions, Dussehra organizers have sent an invitation to Shringa Rishi but Balu Nag is still waiting to be invited. Meanwhile, his followers are all set to move his palanquin to the Dussehra ground in Kullu even if they are not invited. \"Our god's orders are supreme. We would have to take part in Dussehra at any cost and we are ready to face any kind of opposition from police and followers of Shringa Rishi,\" priest of Balu Nag temple, Jagdish Sharma, said. He added that thousands of followers of Balu Nag were ready to occupy the right hand side of the chariot and would not let Shringa Rishi to occupy the place.Balu Nag is considered an incarnation of Lakshmana, the younger brother of Rama, and his followers say nobody can separate their deity from his elder brother. Meanwhile, followers of Shringa Rishi, guru of Rama, say the place of a guru is always higher than any relation and they won't allow anybody to occupy his place.Khyali Ram, 'kardar' of Balu Nag, said they haven't received any invitation, but would definitely reach Kullu to pay obeisance to Lord Raghunath. \"We cannot break our tradition. We would follow orders only from our deity,\" he said. Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi said everything was being done according to the high court's directions.290 deities invitedManali: 290 deities have been invited to mark their presence during the 7-day-long international Dussehra festivities in Kullu starting from October 24, an official said. Kullu Dussehra festival committee president Khimi Ram Sharma said that arrangements were being made for the stay of palanquins of deities, their followers, security, traffic system, health facilities, shopping areas and all other important things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376631", "title": "STF not helping in CMOs murder probe, says CBI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday granted the CBI more than three months' time to complete investigation into the murder of two chief medical officers (CMOs) VK Arya and BP Singh of Lucknow.A division bench comprising Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Ashwani Kumar Singh passed the order after the CBI requested for more time to complete investigation into the matter. The court fixed December 20 as the next date of hearing. The court has already granted four extensions to the agency after it started the probe in July last.Earlier, as per the court directive, supervising officer CBI superintendent of police T Balaji and two investigating officers Hari Singh and N Krishnamurthy appeared before the Bench. The CBI said the Special Task Force (STF) of the Uttar Pradesh Police was not cooperating in the probe.At this, the court directed additional advocate general Raj Bahadur Singh Yadav to present SSP (STF) before it in the afternoon. When the SSP (STF) appeared, the additional AG submitted that all documents related to the cases had been given to the CBI as per requirement and all cooperation would be extended in future as well.The two CBI investigating officers in their affidavits sought three months' time to complete the investigation into the two murder cases.On August 29, the court had expressed dissatisfaction over the CBI probe into murder of two CMOs in Lucknow and said nothing substantial was done in the last two-three months. The two murders that took place in October 2010 and April 2011 were allegedly linked to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in UP.The scam surfaced in April last year when Lucknow's chief medical officer (family welfare), B P Singh, was shot dead in the city. In October 2010, his predecessor Dr V K Arya had been killed in a similar manner. It was alleged that both murders were linked to the NRHM scam. After Singh was killed, police said deputy CMO Y S Sachan was the key accused in the scam and that he had masterminded the two murders.Sachan was arrested with four other officials of the family welfare department. But things turned murkier when Sachan himself was found dead inside Lucknow jail under judicial custody.Meanwhile, several PILs were filed in the high court seeking CBI probe in these cases. The high court handed over the probe into the three murders as well as the NRHM scam to CBI in July last year, setting a three-month deadline to finish the probe. Since then, the CBI has sought four extensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kudankulam", "code": "16378809", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant: Protesters form human chain in sea", "text": "KUDANKULAM: Stepping up their protest against the atomic power plant here, anti-nuclear activists on Thursday stood in sea waters forming a human chain off nearby Indinthakarai coast.Taking a leaf from 'Jal Satyagraha' activists in Madhya Pradesh , the activists of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) stood in the waters close to the shores in a new turn to their year-long protests.Police, whose presence has been strengthened in and around the sea shores with additional forces, have beefed up security along the coast to prevent any untoward incident during the day-long protest.The agitators have put forward four demands - stoppage of the process of fuel loading in Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project, drop the plan to arrest anti-nuclear movement leaders, adequate compensation for those who suffered losses and release of those already taken into custody.The new form of protest came even the whereabouts of PMANE leader SP Udayakumar remained unknown after he did somersault on his offer to surrender before police after the protest turned violent that led to police firing claiming the life of one fisherman in Tuticorin district on Monday.The current bout of intensified protests, including the failed bid to lay siege to the plant, was launched by PMANE to prevent loading of fuel for which regulatory authorities gave the approval recently.The entire Kudankulam town had almost been sealed by police since Wednesday with the personnel taking positions at strategic places, especially around the KNPP where the preparations for loading of enriched uranium are underway.Police said they conducted a house-to-house search for PMANE activists, wanted in connection with Monday's incidents, in the Tsunami village near here on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378580", "title": "Minister\u2019s convoy car kills girl", "text": "GUWAHATI: An eight-year-old girl was knocked down by an escort vehicle of Assam animal husbandry and veterinary, mines, minerals and hill areas development minister Khor Sing Engti at Panikhati in Nagaon district on Wednesday morning.Afreen Sultana, the victim, was going to school when the vehicle hit her. She died on the spot. An angry mob soon gathered at the spot and set the vehicle on fire. The mob also damaged a fire engine while it was coming to douse the flames.The minister's office here said Engti was on his way to attend a meeting at Diphu in Karbi Anglong district when the incident happened. \"The minister had gone ahead of the escort vehicle, which had developed a technical snag. It was following the minister,\" an official of the minister's office said.Nagaon Police said the vehicle was behind the minister's convoy. \"The minister was going ahead. Locals people stopped the escort vehicle after the accident and set it ablaze. Policemen in the vehicle managed to escape unhurt,\" said an official.So far, no complaint has been lodged with police. Nagaon police said the girl's family may do it tomorrow. There has also been no complaint from the escort party as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374276", "title": "Shadows everywhere, but no security", "text": "CHENNAI: Ask any working woman or college student in the city if she's been stalked or harassed in public and chances are at least 80% will say 'yes'. Ask if any of them has registered a case against the offender and the answer is likely to be 'no'.Tuesday's murder of 21-year-old Karthika, who was stabbed to death by her ex-fiance at the busy Broadway Bus Terminus, highlighted the rising incidence of violence and harassment of women in public places and their complete lack of security for them. Karthika's family knew she was being stalked, but did little beyond warning the offender. Not many prefer going to police.Four days ago, national volleyball player Minimol Abraham was assaulted on the road by three men on a motorbike. It was a clear case of harassment, but she was 'advised' at the Sembium police station to file a case of traffic violation. She was told it would become difficult for her to close a chargesheet once a criminal case is filed. Her complaint was registered as a traffic offense.\"Lack of awareness among police about the seriousness of the issue has resulted in them ignoring cases of stalking and misbehaviour,\" says Madras high court advocate and Indian Youth Congress functionary T K R Sudha. In cases where police act, the \"brutality\" displayed results in the victim feeling sorry for the offender. M Prabhavathi (name changed) of Anna Nagar said, \"I complained about a stalker. Police promptly picked him up and bashed him in front of me with sticks. Finally, I insisted that they simply warn and let him off.\"Two years ago, the Foundation for Crime Prevention and Victim Care (PCVC) conducted a safety audit in five city colleges. \"We found 75-80% of students had been stalked at some point,\" said Dr Prasanna Poornachandra, CEO. \"Moreover, there is no section in the Indian Penal Code that recognises stalking as an offence. There are no laws in place to provide special protection, unlike in foreign countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hardana, harda", "code": "16378813", "title": "Khardana demonstrators complain of harassment", "text": "HARDANA, HARDA: Villagers in Khardana talking to TOI complained against the highhandedness of police. \"They barged into our houses and injured a woman,\" said Gangaram adding that the injured woman Jumabai, 55, was still in hospital. The police resorted to random search in the houses in a bid to scare the protestors, he said.\"They have locked our community kitchen,\" said Bhojram Sarang, a villager, adding that the kitchen was meant to serve food to all the satyagrahis who have joined from all the 29 dam-affected villages. Another satyagrahi Ramesh said that the cops had deliberately snapped the cable wire of TV channels to disrupt the live telecast of the crackdown. \"All the satyagrahis have been released on surety bonds,\" said the additional collector N P Dahiya. Another NBA leader Alok Agrawal said that action showed that state government was insensitive towards the demands of the displaced villagers. Quoting Supreme Court directive, he said, the rehabilitation work should be completed six months before the actual displacement of the villagers or the affected peopleHowever, the district collector Sudam Khade talking to TOI denied the allegations of excesses by police and said that the forces were unarmed during the entire operation. \"We had to shift the protestors as the forest department had submitted a report that said that the pond in which they were protesting was infested with poisonous reptiles,\" he added.All the jal satyagrahis have been given medical aid and doctors and nurses have been deputed with ambulance for the last 10 to 12 days. Replying to a query about a woman satyagrahi being injured, he said that if there is any complaint about excesses by security forces it would be inquired into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375029", "title": "4 years on, serial blasts still ring loud", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 51-year-old Basanti, it's an ordeal to pass by a peepal tree in Ghaffar Market. It's the same tree under which she had found her husband's body on September 13, 2008, the day Delhi was ripped by serial bomb blasts. Even after four years, the incident is still fresh in her mind.\"My husband had gone to a public toilet when he met some friends under the tree. The bomb had been planted there. Around 6pm, I heard a loud explosion; and moments later, someone called out to me. I came out and learnt about the blast and that a lot of people were dead. I ran out to find my husband. There were too many bodies and body parts strewn all over the road. Then I found him lying under the tree. He was not breathing. He was dead,\" Basanti said amid sobs.She managed to get monetary compensation from the government, but the sense of loss has prolonged. \"I have seven children of whom four are married. My daughter's marriage is to be held during Diwali. The money from the compensation was exhausted long ago. I have somehow managed to collect some money for the marriage by working as a scrap dealer. But I miss Ram Lal every moment,\" says Basanti.On Wednesday, TOI met many others like Basanti\u2014people who lost someone dear in the serial blasts\u2014and found that everyone vividly recalled the horror they were witness to four autumns ago. They still felt extremely vulnerable.Ashok Gurnani, who owns a shop next to the peepal tree, was hit by shrapnel. Badly wounded, the last thing Gurnani remembered was the customer he was attending to collapse. \"I think she had a heart attack because of the explosion. I saw her die. My cheek was bleeding, too, and I requested a motorcycle rider to take me to the hospital,\" he said.Gurnani is not happy with the security in the market. \"I'm not sure if the CCTVs work; but even if they do, we still feel scared.\"The blast had created a vacuum in people's lives in different ways. Seven-year-old Rahul, for instance, was two when his father, Raju, died. He doesn't know how his uncle makes both ends meet and pays his school fees after his father left them.\"After Raju, died my younger son Roshan assumed responsibility of the family. It's been very difficult for us financially,\" says Saroj, Rahul's grandmother. She avoids passing by the peepal tree now; she uses another lane.Somdutt (63) feels lucky to be alive. The trader of laminated products was inches away from the blast site yet escaped unscathed. He was saved by boxes of laminated sheets he had stacked up in front of his shop just five minutes before the blast.The five blasts at Ghaffar Market, Central Park in Connaught Place, Barakhamba Road and GK-1 M Block market had killed 22 people and injured 90 others. The kin of the dead had received Rs 5 lakh as compensation from the state government with the Central government pitching in with additional Rs 3 lakh. Thursday is the fourth anniversary of the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377078", "title": "Scanty rains may drag dengue menace till Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: It may take longer for the dengue outbreak to wane due to the scanty rainfall this season. Experts believe it could linger till October unless rainfall intensifies over the next two weeks.The chances of heavy showers are bleak over the next fortnight, leading to concerns that the outbreak may lead to several more deaths in the city and its surroundings. The death toll in Kolkata now stands at 25.Aedes Aegypti - the mosquito which carries the dengue virus - usually breeds between July and September. It ensures that an outbreak starts declining by the middle of September.But the breeding season could be prolonged by another fortnight to a month in case there's enough breeding ground. In the absence of heavy rain, which helps flush out puddles, there could be no respite till Pujas, doctors fear.Entemologists said the Aedes Aegypti could survive beyond September, depending on the temperature and humidity. Usually, it dies out once the tempearture falls below 22\u00b0C. \"But they can adapt and surivive even in mild winter. So, the key is to remove the breeding grounds. It will be difficult if it continues to rain scantily like it has been this time. It creates stagnant water pools and helps breeding. If this can't be stopped, we might have dengue till mid-October,\" said Hiranmay Mukherjee, entemologist.Going by the number of patients, it seems a distinct possibility, said a tropical medicine specialist. \"By this time, the number of patients should have started declining. The downward trend usually continues for two weeks before the epidemic finally exits by end-September. There is yet no sign of that happening. Intermittent showers are not helping either.It is now up to the civic authorities to work overtime and wipe out all breeding grounds to ensure an early end to the outbreak,\" he said.The flow of patients at most hospitals haven't declined, though some said it has plateaued out. Belle Vue, for instance, had more than 50 patients two weeks ago. It was down to 30 on Wednesday, but the hospital was still getting patients. \"We admitted four on Wednesday and patients are still coming in. The number has been going up and down over the last five days, but the outbreak is still evident,\" said P Tandon, CEO.Ruby Hospital had around 40 patients, a number which has remained steady over the last three weeks. \"It hasn't been going up, but there's no decline in sight,\" said Amitava Saha, medicine specialist.Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences (RTIICS), too, had its general wards full of dengue patients. Scores were still seeking admission with fever, said the authorities. Government hospitals were still grappling to accommodate patients at its fever clinics that were opened to accommodate dengue victims.The weather office held out no hope either. Intermittent, scanty rainfall will continue unless low-pressure zones formed over the north Bay of Bengal , it said. One such formation had led to heavy showers last week. But showers turned scanty yet again.\"We see no possibility of low-pressure zones forming, at least in the next 24 to 48 hours,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director, metereology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16379925", "title": "No reprieve for employee who challenged dismissal after 14 years", "text": "MUMBAI: A 14-year delay by a former bank staffer challenging his dismissal from service proved to be unsuccessful as the Bombay high court refused to give him any reprieve. A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobade and Justice Rajesh Ketkar dismissed the application filed by Laxman Chougale seeking reinstatement.\"In our opinion, the petitioner has not made out any cause, much less sufficient cause for entertaining this petition. It suffers from gross delay and latches,'' said the judges, adding, we decline to exercise extra ordinary powers under Article 226 of the Constitution of India in respect of a stale claim.''Chougale was sacked from the Union Bank of India following an inquiry on July 24, 1991. Fourteen years later, Chougale approached the chairman and managing director of the bank to challenge his dismissal in 2005, but the plea was rejected. It took him another seven years to move the high court in 2012.The judges said that Chougale had not given any convincing explanation for the delay and threw out his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374170", "title": "2,100 kilos of beef from AP seized at Egmore station", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation's health department seized 2,130 kg of beef illegally brought from Andhra Pradesh at Egmore railway station on Wednesday morning.Acting on reports that illegal beef was being brought from Andhra Pradesh to Chennai by train every day, officials checked four trains that passed through that state at Central and Egmore stations.Officials found 14 crates of beef and mutton in a goods coach on Sarkar Express from Kakinada. \"The meat was brought to the city without certification,\" a corporation official said. \"People who came to the station to collect the meat fled when they saw us checking the train.\"Officials suspect that at least some of the meat was taken from rotting carcasses. None of the crates contained ice and the meat was not treated with preservatives, making it a health hazard for consumers in the city.Corporation officials are attempting to track down the supplier of the meat and the buyer. \"The railways usually gives an entire goods coach to a contractor. The contractor should be able tell us who booked crates and sent the meat and the person who was supposed to receive the meat in the city,\" the official said.Officials say beef illegally procured from Andhra Pradesh is at least 40% cheaper than meat from cattle slaughtered locally. \"Buying the meat from there would give a wholesaler a higher margin of profit than meat from cattle slaughtered in the city,\" the official said.Transport of food and animal products is permitted but has to be done according to procedure. \"The transporter must get certification for the meat from the place of origin, and it should bear the seal of health authorities who grant the permission,\" the official said. \"As soon as it arrives in the city, a consignment of meat must be certified again by local health officers before it can be sent to shops.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378981", "title": "Chandan Roy Sanyal\u2019s secret tryst with a Russian hottie in a strippers\u2019 club", "text": "For his role in a new Indie production called Prague, actor Chandan Roy Sanyal not only nearly lost his sanity he also ended up in a strippers' club to shoot with stark-naked strippers.Recounting the experience Sanyal said, \"I had the most eerie and erotic experience in Prague shooting for my film Prague .I play this Bengali architect named, believe it or not, Chandan who goes to Prague and has an affair with this Czech gypsy. The girl was a first-timer on camera, so I had to guide her.\"Apparently while 'guiding' his Russian co-star Elena Kazan, Chandan 's scorching chemistry on screen got so hot it spilled out on the streets of Prague where the two were seen being openly and aggressively affectionate with one another.Challenge Chandan and he protests, \"I am very clear about my relationship with my co-stars. I get completely involved with them while making love to them on screen. Once the film is over, I move on.This has happened with me a couple of times earlier also while I was shooting Bengali films. As for Elena she was inexperienced. We had all these elaborate scenes to do. So yes , we were close. But Prague is not about lust and passion alone. My character is going insane. And I found myself losing my mental balance while playing him. To begin with\" we are both named Chandan, so each time I'd ask about my character I felt I was asking about myself in the third person. And then my character is a real sick man. He is schizophrenic. He is destroyed by his relatsionship with the Russian girl.\"Somewhere towards the end of his character's sanity he lands up in a strip joint.Chandan's director didn't want to fake the striptease. Says Chandan, \"We shot in a real strip club in Prague with real dancers who went all the way. They took off all their clothes and were stark naked in front of us. We've shot them with fully exposed. But we wonder if the Indian censor board would appreciate the authenticity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "16379011", "title": "Ryots protest, Tamil Nadu to get 4,200 cusecs less water", "text": "MYSORE/MANDYA: Protests over Karnataka's gesture to release 10,000 cusecs (1.25 tmcft) of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu escalated on Wednesday as farmers forced authorities to reduce the quantum of water being released from the Kabini dam site, near here. About 100 farmers, led by KRRS general secretary Badgalapura Nagendra, protested on the bridge.They later moved onto the embankment demanding that the authorities reduce the water released from the dam. They withdrew their protest after the dam's executive engineer, M Mariswamy, announced that the water release would be reduced from 13,000 cusecs to 8,800 cusecs.Tension prevailed at the site when the farmers and engineers exchanged angry words. At one point, a couple of farmers threatened to jump into the water to re-enact the Guruswamy episode. Guruswamy, a farmer, had jumped to his death protesting against the release of water to Tamil Nadu in September 2002. Guruswamy was in a group of farmers who had gathered at the dam after the S M Krishna government surreptitiously released water to Tamil Nadu to abide by a Supreme Court ruling. All hell broke out after the incident. The government had a tough time in dealing with the farmers, whose agitation spread statewide.In Mandya district, protests against the release of Cauvery water continued on Wednesday with farmers taking to the streets.Vehicular traffic came to a standstill for more than 30 minutes as members of the Mandya Zilla Raitha Hitaraksana Samiti (MZRHS), a non-political organization, staged a rasta roko protest on the Bangalore-Mysore state highway. Similar protests were held by pro-Kannada organizations elsewhere in Mandya district and in Davanagere district.The MZRHS threatened to intensify its agitation if Karnataka releases more water to Tamil Nadu. \"We have decided to hold peaceful protests in front of the Visvesvaraya statute in Mandya till the Cauvery River Authority meeting on September 19,'' MZRHS convener Made Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378248", "title": "AGP to renew influx stir", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP on Wednesday held its first steering committee meeting since its new president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta was elected in April at the party head office in Ambari here.The AGP, in the meeting, decided to observe the party's next foundation day, October 14, in Lakhimpur district. AGP leaders said that on this occasion, the party would renew its stir against illegal Bangladeshis with much more force.The party decided to launch an array of agitations from Sept 19 block-wise on the issue of influx. AGP will also stage constituency-wise protests demanding immediate implementation of Assam Accord in the state.\"AGP was born of an agitation against infiltrators. We have been demanding the sealing of the Indo-Bangla border and implementation of the Assam Accord for decades. But nothing has been done as yet in this regard. This foundation day, AGP is planning to re-launch its movement against Bangladeshis in a new, aggressive way,\" said AGP general secretary, Durga Das Boro.The closed door committee meeting also decided various strategies for the ensuing panchayat polls slated for the end of the year. The meeting also took note of the party's course of action in dealing with the present crisis in the Bodoland Territorial Council, corruption, inflation as well as the next general election.\"AGP faced a debacle in the last polls. We have decided to strengthen our presence in rural areas to bring the party to the fore again. That's why, the panchayat election is our prime focus at this hour. We will disclose the details in the coming time,\" said AGP publicity secretary Manoj Saikia.Though the steering committee was formed immediately after the party polls, Mahanta refreshed the committee a week ago and included a 'high-power policy-making body' to take the party in more effective direction. The new committee includes former party president Chandra Mohan Patowary, senior leader Phani Bhusan Choudhury and legislator Padma Hazarika, who contested for the AGP presidential post against Mahanta.However, rumours about the ideological conflict between Patowary and Mahanta did the round on the AGP's office premises as Patowary and Phani Choudhury were absent in the crucial meeting.\"We heard Patowary is in Delhi for some work and Phani Choudhury is unwell. But, no one knows why they are absent. Both the leaders were included in the committee after they were apparently not active in party activities for some time now,\" said a party insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376733", "title": "Action to be taken against absentee teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government has issued orders to initiate action against long-time absentee zila parishad teachers who did not join their respective duties even after the expiry of their ex-India leave.Panchayats and rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra on Monday said that it has come to the notice of Punjab government that nearly 100 ETT teachers working under zila parishads were enjoying ex-India leaves despite expiry of their respective leaves. He said that this was causing loss to students' education as they were unable to complete the requisite syllabus in absence of teachers. He said that during the inquiry held by the panchaya department, it has come to the fore that majority of absentee teachers were enjoying foreign tours.Elaborating the steps being taken against erring teachers, Rakhra said that chargesheets have been issued against 70 teachers by providing them a chance to explain their state while chargesheets are to be issued to the remaining 30 teachers in coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375907", "title": "Inmates may have got hacksaw from cook: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: The police, who are investigating Sunday's incident in which 17 inmates of a Mankhurd shelter home escaped by cutting the grille of a bathroom window, said it was an \"inside job\".Most of those who escaped were rescued during raids on bars and brothels in Mumbai and Thane. \"The women were provided with a hacksaw by a cook or other officials who had easy access to the home. The shelter does not even have CCTV cameras,\" said a police officer. \"Many rescued women are involved in prostitution although they stay in the shelter home,\" said a police source. \"It is too premature to reveal many details regarding the probe or whether the bid was pre-planned,\" said additional police commissioner Quaiser Khalid.Meanwhile, statements of the shelter's officials are being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377017", "title": "Sabiba jumped, Neha died trying to save her: Cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The cause of twin suicides on Tuesday remained shrouded in mystery even 24 hours after the tragedy. Prima facie, police do not suspect any foul play, but they are still clueless about what led Neha Panjowani and Sabiba Chandan Madan to take the fatal lunge from the high-rise terrace.Teachers, friends and relatives are unable to believe that a mere reprimand over missing the carpool on Tuesday afternoon could have driven them to suicide.Officials probing the case suspect that Sabiba was the first took the leap, while Neha may have fallen trying to save her friend. Police are investigating this theory from the way the two bodies were found on the ground. They were seen lying in different directions, said a crime scene investigator. \"There are no conclusive findings yet. We are probing the case from all angles, including the bond between the girls,\" said a senior police officer.\"My niece was not so emotional or sensitive that she would be affected by such a scolding. We are in the dark over what happened to her in the 15-20 minutes at Sabiba's place that drove them to take such an extreme step,\" said Neha's uncle Dipak Panjowani, adding that the family did not know the Madans personally.The Panjowanis say they had no idea that Neha had gone to Sabiba's place after school on Tuesday. The family came to know that Neha had a friend called Sabiba only a couple of weeks ago, said a kin. Neha would often say she had found a good friend in Sabiba and was excited about it. But they had no knowledge that Neha had gone to Sabiba's home on Tuesday.\"My sister was good at sports and was a lively girl. On Tuesday, she wished me good luck for my ongoing pre-board examination before I left for school a little before 7am. That was the last time I heard from her,\" said Neha's sister Pooja, who is a Class XII student.Neha, who lives close to the BD Memorial School, where both studied in Class IX, used to walk to school and back. Her family members said that on Tuesdays, she used to go directly to coaching class and return home by 9.30pm.Though she has been studying in the school since prep, Sabiba had joined only the previous year. Sources in the school said over the months, the two became close friends and the bond had grown stronger in the past few weeks. They preferred to sit next to each other in the class and would hang around together during the breaks.\"The two were very close, to the extent of being possessive about each other. But there was nothing unusual about their behaviour during the school hours on Tuesday,\" said a classmate.School principal Vijaya Chowdhury said the girls did not behave odd in school. \"The two were good friends. On Tuesday, both were anxious about their school test that is set to begin on September 20. They had inquired about the syllabus with the class teacher,\" she said.Sabiba was the only child of the Madans. The family had moved to the 17-storeyed highrise near Garia station only two years ago. Sabiba used to take a carpool to the school and back. But on Tuesday, she returned in a taxi with Neha, following which Sabiba's father scolded both of them. What transpired in the flat is not known but shortly afterwards, the girls went to the terrace and jumped off.Psychiatrists and psychologists say that with biological and psychological changes, adolescents suffer from identity, anxiety and sexuality issues. Out of confusion about their own sexuality some may experiment with relationships, which raises eyebrows of the parents and the society.\"Adolescence is a very fragile transitional period. Parents need to talk to their kids about relationships. Instead of knee jerk reactions, parents must seek professional help as these children become emotionally fragile at this stage. Sudden emotional outbursts could lead them to take extreme steps,\" advised neuro-psychiatrist Dr Sabyasachi Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374208", "title": "Wife, kids found burnt, cops quiz man", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday recovered charred bodies of a 24-year-old woman and her two children, aged five and four, from their house in V M R Kandigai near Pallipattu, 120km from Chennai.An investigating officer identified the woman as Rekha, wife of a former panchayat president and DMDK functionary, Ravi. \"Neighbours saw smoke billowing out of a window of a bathroom in the house at 8.30pm on Tuesday,\" the officer said. \"When they went to the spot, they found three burnt bodies.\"Police registered a case of suspicious death and said they were yet to determine whether the woman and her children were murdered or if she killed them and ended her life,\" the officer said.The officer said there were several inconsistencies in the accounts of the neighbours and the evidence raised questions that police were looking to answer. \"Neighbours could not confirm if the main door and the bathroom door were locked from the inside or outside,\" he said. \"All three were found dead in the bathroom.\"When Ravi learned that police were looking for him, he presented himself at the R K Pet police station on Wednesday. \"We are questioning Ravi,\" the officer said. \"He told us that he panicked after his wife set herself and the children ablaze.\"He said the bodies of Rekha and her children, Lavanya and Rahul, have been sent to Tiruttani Government Hospital for postmortem. \"We expect the postmortem report to give us clues about what took place,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376220", "title": "New council set up to coordinate matters of deemed universities", "text": "PUNE: The human resource development (HRD) ministry has released a notification constituting a 15-member Council of Deemed Universities (CDU), which will now co-ordinate issues of common concern for all deemed universities (DUs) in the country.Adoption of the ministry's single entrance test, called the national joint entrance exam (JEE), for engineering admissions at DUs across the country and implementation of uniform accounting standards are some of the immediate issues to be handled by the newly set up council. Delivery of quality education will be another key priority.The move assumes significance for Pune, which is home to at least eight deemed universities. More DUs are likely to be set up in the coming years. Joint secretary (HRD) R P Sisodia issued the notification, stating that the council will be headed by HRD minister while the joint secretary will be the member secretary of the new body. Its members will comprise the vice-chancellors (VCs) of eight deemed universities and four eminent academicians. The remaining three members, including the member secretary, will be representatives of the government. The tenure of the council will be for two years, after which it will have a fresh set of members and academicians for the next term.Bhushan Patwardhan and G D Yadav are the two VCs of deemed varsities from Maharashtra who are part of the CDU. Patwardhan is the VC of Pune-based Symbiosis International University while Yadav is the VC of the Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai, which was known as the University Department of Chemical Technology (UDCT) of Mumbai University prior to attaining the status of a deemed university.The VCs of Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology; Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani; Banasthali Vidyapeeth; Jamia Hamdard; VIT University and Gujarat Vidyapeeth are other members. Eminent academicians on board the new council are: Goverdhan Mehta, K K Talwar, V S Chauhan and Dinesh Singh. Chairman of University Grants Commission (UGC) and Secretary to HRD ministry will be the government representatives.It may be noted that the functioning of the 126-odd DUs across the country had come under scrutiny by a high-powered task force that was set up by HRD minister Kapil Sibal under the chairmanship of P N Tandon. The Tandon panel had since submitted a detailed report recommending various steps for streamlining the working of deemed universities.On June 25, Sibal had convened a meeting of the VCs of deemed universities to discuss, among other things, the issue of national JEE for engineering admissions and uniform accounting standards. Sibal had then mooted the idea of setting up a council of deemed universities to coordinate matters of common interest. The concept and modalities of the JEE were explained to the DU representatives and the concept of extending relative weightage to school board marks for effecting admissions was also explained.The DUs have shown a favourable disposition towards the ministry's move for a single entrance test that is primarily aimed at reducing stress on students. The DUs will have the freedom to choose appropriate weightages for performance in Class XII Boards and JEE.MAIN normalised on percentile basis. They will also have the freedom to opt for 100% weightage to Class XII Board marks performance for admission. The DUs have since assured the ministry that their decision regarding the JEE will be conveyed soon. Meanwhile, a capacity building programme on uniform accounting standards is being organised through the UGC. A standard e-package of the accounting system would be provided to all the educational institutions including the DUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "khanna", "code": "16376554", "title": "5 killed, 13 seriously injured in boiler blast", "text": "Khanna: At least five workers lost their lives and 13 others were critically injured in boiler blast in a chemical factory here on Wednesday. The incident occurred at 11.30 pm on Tuesday night in Sanjeev Agro Industry Pvt Ltd, owned by Naval Aggarwal, a resident of Khanna. The explosion was so strong that its sound was heard miles away from the factory. The blast was followed by fire, in which the whole premises of the factory was gutted.On getting the news, Ludhiana deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari and senior police officials of Khanna reached the spot. DIG, Ludhiana range, M F Farooqui said that the five deceased were identified as Davinder Mishra, plant operator, Bagirath, Chottu, Pawan Kumar and Umesh. Pawan and Umesh succumbed to injuries in the hospital while bodies of other three workers were recovered from the factory.Farooqui said that they were unable to identify bodies found inside the factory as these were burned beyond recognition. Besides postmortem examination, they have also asked for DNA test of these bodies so that they could be identified and handed over to their families, he said.The eleven injured were identified as Kundan, Kanchan, Umesh, Chaman Lal, Gurnaib Singh, Gurbachan Singh, Manjit Singh, Punnu Singh, Ravi, Janardhan and Rajinder, who were admitted in PGIMER, Chandigarh while three others -- Manohar, Akram and Govind -- were admitted in Govt Hospital, Sector 32, Chandigarh, he said.The DIG said that the DC has marked a magisterial inquiry to SDM, Khanna who would submit a report about the incident soon and that cases would be registered against those found guilty.Additional station house officer, Khanna Sadar, Avtar Singh, said that after getting information about the blast, they immediately reached the spot and started rescue operations. Fire brigade tenders also reached the place and started operations to control the fire. The fire was brought under control in the wee hours of Wednesday, he added.SDM, Khanna, Purshottam Sodhi, said that he has started the magisterial inquiry and have called forensic experts from Chandigarh on Wednesday. Two experts have already reached the place but were yet to ascertain the reason behind the blast. He has also called officials concerned on Friday in this regard and would file his report within a week, Sodhi said. He said that when they reached the spot, they found no safety measures in the factory.The state government has announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh for the deceased and Rs 50,000 for injured persons, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374317", "title": "It's no menace at all", "text": "COIMBATORE: If statistics are to be believed then there is not even a single case of ragging in city college campuses in the last one year. Police and college authorities stand by their truth that college campuses are purged of the ragging menace. They however accept there are several instances of clashes, mostly minor ones over ego issues and other petty rivalries recorded as isolated incidents and not classified as instances of ragging.\"We do not have a single case registered under the stringent provisions of the Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Ragging Act. We are working closely with college authorities and students to curb the ragging menace,\" said Hema Karunagaran, DCP (Law and Order), Coimbatore.The ambiguity in what constitutes ragging came to the forefront on Tuesday when a first year BSc Computer Science student of Hindusthan Arts and Science College was admitted in hospital with minor injuries after he allegedly invited the wrath of third year students by standing in front of them with two shirt buttons open. Four senior students allegedly attacked him with plastic pipes.The accused were later arrested and charged under 75 (1) (c) Tamil Nadu City Police Act and sections 323,324 of the Indian Penal Code. Even though the victim's initial statements indicated an incident of ragging, police did not invoke the anti-ragging act due to a previous abusive exchange between the students which took place outside the college campus.\"We have formed a 10-member committee constituting faculty members and management representatives to probe the incident. We will take strict action against the students if they are found guilty,\" said N Baluswami, college principal. The college has a complaint box where incidents of ragging can be registered. They are working in tandem with police to curb ragging on campus.\"We have already had two meetings to spread awareness among the students to refrain from such acts that might jeopardise their future. Strict vigil is also maintained in the hostel blocks,\" said R Rajendran, Principal, PSG College of Arts and Science.Apart from these measures most colleges also introduce a change in the lunch and recess timings especially during the first few days when inducting new students as a precautionary measure to prevent unwarranted interaction between juniors and seniors.The police had earlier issued 11 recommendations to the city colleges to tackle ragging and other forms of abuse that occur in the garb of friendly banter. This includes the induction of local police personnel and NGO workers in the anti-ragging committees.Any act committed with the intention of causing embarrassment and inciting fear among students is termed as ragging. Students found guilty of indulging in ragging could be punished with prison term up to two years and a fine of Rs 10,000. They could also be immediately dismissed from the college and restricted from gaining admission in any other educational institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376014", "title": "Cops come calling to check records of guards, helps", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have flagged off a campaign in housing societies to check whether security measures are being implemented. Officials are also scrutinizing the antecedents of security guards and domestic helps.The drive was initiated by police chief Satya Pal Singh after a businessman's wife, Daksha Daftary (62), was murdered in Garodia Nagar, Ghatkopar (East) on September 7. Meanwhile, officials have already started visiting the housing societies to explain the importance of registering domestic helps. \"Officials visit the residents and examine security measures that have been implemented. If they are not proper, then officials explain the importance of installing security gadgets,\" said additional police commissioner Quaiser Khalid.\"In our interaction, we ask members to alert us if they spot anyone moving suspiciously in their locality,\" said Shrirang Nadgauda, senior inspector of Bhandup police station. CN Puri, inspector of Ghatkopar police station said personnel have been assigned the area to collect details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16378990", "title": "Karnataka State Open University's call centre to benefit 3.5 lakh students", "text": "MYSORE: Students enrolled in courses offered by the Karnataka State Open University can keep themselves updated on information, thanks to a 24x7 call centre to be set up by the university. The facility will address the queries of its 3.5 lakh students.Professionally trained executives will take the calls and provide information related to the university's programmes. There are also plans to emulate the call service system used by the Indian Railways. KSOU vice chancellor K S Rangappa on Tuesday said they were facing problems in attending to the student community given their numbers.\"We just cannot handle the telephone calls pushing us to look for professional assistance,\" he stated.The plan is to allow the student community to get the information at any point of the time given that there are students across India and abroad. Also, half of the students are working. The university is also introducing many basic Science courses.There is demand for such courses and experts, including teaching faculty at IISc, will devise the syllabus, he said. The audio-visual study material will be uploaded on the varsity's website so that the students get expert assistance 24x7.For practical classes, the students will be required to come down to Mysore where the varsity is building a facility in its campus in Manasa Gangotri.Once the science courses pick up, the higher education institution will partner with science colleges at district and taluk centres to extend the lab facility. Rangappa said there is huge demand for teaching of basic science too.\"We are adopting the module existing in some of the European countries,\" he stated. At present, the varsity is offering some science courses, which will be scaled up in the next academic year.In its bid to spread higher education across Karnataka, more regional centres at all district headquarters and study centres at taluks will be opened. The focus will be on North Karnataka, the V-C said, adding if it is sustained vigorously for five years, Karnataka will top India among states in higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378657", "title": "Sports contest: Panel slams organizers for shabby facilities", "text": "BHOPAL: The child's panel took a serious view of mismanagement at the recently-concluded state-level sports competition in Jabalpur recently.On Wednesday, at a hearing of the state commission bench for protection of child rights (SCPCR), joint director sports Sanjay Sharma sought to hold five coaches of sports and the divisional railway manager responsible for the mismanagement.Students, who were to participate in the competition, had to wait reached Bhopal railway station on September 6 after last-minute cancellation of travel schedule. Besides, the panel expressed its displeasure over shabby accommodation facilities and inferior quality food in Jabalpur.Panel chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"This is absolutely unforgivable. Responsibility and sensitivity should have been shown by those on duty as girl students were also there.\"On September 6, around 100 students from Bhopal division were told to gather at the Bhopal railway station at 3 pm. The students from five districts -Bhopal, Raisen, Vidisha, Sehore and Rajgarh - were scheduled to leave for Jabalpur by Vindyachal Express which was to depart at 6 pm.However, at around 5 pm they were told that reservation could not be secured for them and hence they would now travel by the Overnight Express to Jabalpur. On hearing this, some parents objected as there was no reservation in the train again. Children had to survive on bananas and patties as there was no arrangement of food for them.None of the coaches Kalpana Chouhan, Sharmila Waghmare, Sandeep Singh, Ataullah Khan and Ajit Pal accompanied the students that day. While Kalpana Chouhan left for Jabalpur a day earlier, the other coaches left a day later, Sharma told the commission.\"A show cause notice has been served to all coaches and two of their increments would be stopped,\" he told the commission.The panel also asked Sharma to furnish details on what are the existing norms for students on railway travel, names of those responsible for lapse in responsibility and the action taken against them. When Sharma tried to apportion the blame to the DRM for not providing reservation to the students, the panel maintained that the DRM was not responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376383", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: Old Ganpati mandals blend pomp &amp; ceremony", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's oldest Ganpati mandals that date back to 50-100 years are leading the festivities with a blend of pomp and simplicity.Mumbai's first sarvajanik Ganeshotav at Keshavji Naik Chawl, Girgaum, started in 1893. Its idol remains 2.25 ft tall. \"This year, residents of the compound will ourselves form the entertainment quotient. We have made a deliberate decision to not invite artistes from outside and have instead purchased eight big dhols for our boys to play. Every weekend, they practise at Wilson Gymkhana so as not to disturb the chawl. We will sing, dance and walk the ramp at a fashion show for which we have engaged professional trainers and consultants,\" says president Bhalchandra Gharat.In Dharavi, art director Manoj Govekar is busy with a prize assignment that marks the centenary of the Arulmigu Shree Maha Ganeshotsav. Govekar is building an extension to the existing south Indian temple. \"The mandal was set up by migrants from Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu who fled the plague and casteism of that era and come to Mumbai where they set up tanneries,\" he says. Music legend Ilayaraja and TN ministers will be feted this year.The Girgaumcha Maharaja of the Akhil Mugbhat mandal rises 17-ft tall in its 81st year. \"Vajpayee, Raj Thackeray , Tina Ambani and Praful Patel have visited us. Our mandal championed the cause for smooth roads for Ganesh processions years ago and was the first to make a foldable trolley for immersion,\" says member Sameer Adukar.An award-winning pandal in Mazgaon is known for hosting royal themes each year. The 9-ft tall Anjirwadi Ganpati will be seated in a Mauryan palace. \"Art director Sanjay Dabhade has been working hard at adapting prominent symbols of that reign,\" says spokesperson Satyan Kesarkar. It was at this 64-year-old mandal that the mould of an athletic, smiling Ganesh was first cast by sculptor Ratnakar Kambli. The prototype was later adopted by Lalbaugcha Raja organisers and became the popular model it is now.A likeness of Delhi's Akshardham Swaminarayan temple is taking shape at the 50-plus Shri Ganesh Mitra Mandal in Mulund. \"Art director Bhushan Rodrigues is making a 40-ft pandal along these lines,\" says representative Anand Thakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16375434", "title": "Govt official becomes victim of credit card cloning fraud", "text": "NOIDA: A senior official of a government company was cheated to the tune of Rs 1.41 lakh after his credit card was cloned and misused in Bangalore. Police said that the victim has complained that his card was cloned after he went to a Noida hotel for dinner.Police said the victim, identified as BN Mandal, a senior general manager with Ircon International Limited, got an SMS on September 9 informing that Rs 1.41 lakh had been swiped on his credit card.\"After contacting the bank, Mandal came to know that his card was used at a jewellery shop for Rs 70,651, Rs 47,250 for buying a laptop and two transactions of Rs 23,145 were made to buy expensive liquor bottles. All the transaction was done within an hour in Bangalore,\" said Triveni Singh, head of cyber crime cell who is investigating the case.Mandal told the police that he had not visited Bangalore recently and had only used the card at petrol pumps. \"We have asked the bank to give the transaction details. We also spoke to the shops where the credit card was used. Two people were found using the card at New Golden Amulya wine shop in Bangalore on the CCTV footage,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378269", "title": "Renault's Scala hits Bhubaneswar market", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Automobile major Renault's latest model SCALA hit the Bhubaneswar market on Wednesday as part of its nation-wide launch. Studded with attractive features it was the fifth model to be launched by the company in the last 18 months.\"Renault SCALA is a premium A3 segment sedan. The SCALA is a product which offers the best in class comfort, elegance and premium luxury at an affordable price. This will further enhance Renault's presence in the country,\" said Marc Nassif, MD, Renault India Pvt. Ltd in a statement.The SUV will be available in both petrol and diesel engine options with a host of state-of-art inbuilt safety features like dual airbags for the driver and passenger, anti-pinch power window, front fog lamp and speed sensing auto door lock, et al.The company is optimistic to push up its sale, notwithstanding the worrying trend of fuel price hike. \"We are hopeful to supply 3,000 SCALAs this year. Right now, we have around 1,700 Renault customers. We will also expand our dealership network in Odisha and other states,\" Rajiv Mitra, VP, public affairs and communication, said at the post-launch ceremony.\"Powered by Renault's most successful new generation 1.5 dCi (K9K) engine, SCALA will stand for Renault's iconic image of bringing comfort, convenience, styling, safety and technology, all in one power packed offering with smart pricing,\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16378351", "title": "Chandigarh police join hands with IAF to ensure road safety", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to ensure the religious following of road safety rules and regulations on city roads, Chandigarh police have joined hands with Indian Air Force (IAF). Police have organized a road safety exhibition and workshop at 12 Wing Air Force station in Chandigarh on Wednesday evening to disseminate knowledge over this issue.Police said that they have collaborated with IAF officials, who would also act as ambassadors of road safety in the city. Besides, traffic cops had also briefed the IAF drivers about various traffic rules. Senior police officials including deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police Alok Kumar and traffic marshals took part in this workshop and made IAF officials aware about various rules and regulations and also about traffic safety.\"IAF forms one of the most responsible section of our society and they are also the role models for many young youngsters. Therefore we have roped them in our road safety programme. We also discussed various parameters with senior IAF officials on how to make roads safe and to curb the incidents of traffic rules violations,\" Alok Kumar told TOI.He added, \"Over 100 IAF officials had participated in this workshop and response is amazing. There was a healthy exchange of ideas and innovative concepts to streamline the traffic flow. Seeing the response, we have also decided to extend this programme among the family members of the IAF in the coming days.\"Besides, volunteers of a city-based NGO, which is working in the field of road safety, also participated in this workshop. Literature on road safety were also distributed among the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375714", "title": "NMC to provide plastic tanks for immersion", "text": "NAGPUR: Small Ganesh idols, especially those made with plaster of paris (PoP), will be immersed in plastic tanks that Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) plans to provide at 17 locations during forthcoming Ganeshotsav.High Court had directed NMC to ensure immersion of PoP idols in artificial tanks. One concrete artificial tank is being built at Sonegaon lake. Besides, another tank is being constructed in Nag river at Ambazari lake's waste weir point. NMC has purchased two plastic tanks for immersion of idols on trial basis.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that the plastic swimming pools were checked at Futala lake on Wednesday and seemed good for the purpose. \"It is proposed to purchase 15 more such tanks. They could be installed at Futala and other lakes and also at a few residential areas to ease congestion at Futala. Small and PoP idols will be immersed in the pools for prevention of pollution in water bodies,\" he said.Ganvir further said drums will be installed for collection of nirmalya. \"Every efforts will be made to prevent pollution. Awareness will also be spread among citizens. The concept will be successful and requires cooperation of citizens,\" he said. Meanwhile, senior corporator Sandip Joshi is planning an artificial immersion tank in his Jail Ward constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376719", "title": "A modest but promising note marks inaugural day", "text": "KOCHI: The inaugural day of the Emerging Kerala meet, initially in danger of being swamped by a self-congratulatory tone, eventually showed some concrete progress. Eighteen business-to-business proposals worth around Rs 5,000 crore were transacted on Wednesday and over 30 business enquiries were reported.While most of the speakers at the inaugural function, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , chose to dwell on predictable encomia, deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia made an observation that cut close to the bone. Pointing out that the state should not focus too much on food security aspects, as land here is scarce, he said, \"The focus should be on employment generation rather than preserving every bit of farm land,'' he told TOI.In a significant move indicating the changing perception about Kerala as an investor-friendly destination, the Confederation of Indian Industry decided to set up a centre of excellence in the state.In terms of policy, there was a major announcement by state chief minister Oommen Chandy when he announced an initiative to transform Kerala's youth from job-seekers to job-providers.\"We will be putting in place a landmark student entrepreneurship policy in the state where any student who works to create a knowledge, innovation, wealth and jobs in our society at or through any government of India recognised incubators will be given 20% attendance and 4% grace marks in the academic course he or she attends,'' Chandy said.Overall, the first day of Emerging Kerala concluded on a positive note, with companies and angel investors exploring of possibilities and, in some cases, sealing it with a firm hand shake. Among major proposals mooted are development of agro industries sector, LNG re-gasification plant, expansion of the ship building unit in Kochi and setting up of British Trade Centre at Thiruvananthapuram. Infrastructure firms in UK and Japan have shown interest to provide technical assistance to big ticket projects like Kochi Metro rail.\"Companies have expressed their desire to invest in the state because of a positive environment we are creating towards attracting business ventures to the state. The state government is committed towards providing all possible help and support to investors who have shown interest in the state\", Shafi Mather, chief economic advisor to Kerala chief minister, told TOI.Mentor of the state, Sam Pitroda revealed that, \"A special investment fund that will woo NRIs to invest in Kerala is also being planned\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16376604", "title": "Woman held for killing her husband", "text": "BATHINDA: Police arrested a 55-year-old woman on Tuesday for killing her husband in a fit of rage. Mahender Kaur, of Tanoya village in Bathinda district, had attacked her husband Naib Singh with a sickle earlier in the day when on he told her to stop quarreling with their daughter-in-law.A murder case has been registered in Sadar police station.Officers said Naib and Mahender lived with their son Gursewak Singh and daughter-in-law Kiranpal Kaur at their village house. Gursewak had got married five years ago and the two women could never get along. Naib always objected to his wife fighting with her daughter-in-law but could never prevail on her.\"On Tuesday morning, Mahender and Kiranpal started fighting again. When Kiranpal went out of the house, Naib went to stop his wife, but she pushed him and he fell down. Meanwhile, she grabbed a sickle and attacked him. She tried to run away but the villagers gathered there after hearing Naib cry. They called the police and rushed Naib to hospital, where he was declared brought dead,\" investigating officer Jai Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376614", "title": "Deceased\u2019s relatives feel betrayed, await justice", "text": "JAIPUR: Shafi Mohammed lost his younger brother to the violence on September 14. Since then, he has spent nearly Rs 1lakh in legal proceeding and frequent visits to Jaipur.Like him, the family and relatives of those who were killed in the violence, have spent huge sums of money over legal proceedings even as justice seems elusive in the case so far.The relatives of the 10 deceased said they are not convinced with the investigations and apart from getting the compensation they also deserve to see the culprits behind the act nailed.Shafi, a farmer, also filed a writ petition at the Rajasthan high court alleging that the CBI had filed a frivolous chargesheet in the case. \"My brother Zakir sustained gun shot injuries on vital parts of the body. It was stated in the post-mortem report,\" he said.He went on to allege that \"The then district magistrate and superintendent of police helped the Gujjars in getting into a violent confrontation with us. I had even sought court's intervention seeking that the case be handed over to the NIA (National Investigative Agency).\"A disgruntled Shafi said that while the court asked the CBI to keep him informed about the progress in the case from time to time, the investigation is not moving in the right direction.The families of the 10 deceased have so far received Rs 10 lakh from various bodies including the district collector and AICC (All India Congress Committee). However, more than the money it is the punishment for the guilty that they seek. Shamshu who lost his son Mohamed Irfan to the Gopalgarh violence said the case has been politicized. \"Police ne goli chalayi hai, par CBI nahin maan rahi (Police had opened fire but CBI refused to believe it),\" he added.Be it meeting public representatives or writing to senior authorities and approaching the court, the affected families have left no stone unturned to seek justice for the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16376796", "title": "Experience the thrills and spills of white water rafting at Sattari", "text": "KERI: Goa has taken a major step towards marketing itself as a 365-day holiday destination with its recently commissioned white water rafting activity in the emerald environs of Sattari drawing a number of locals, Indian and international tourists.The facility was inaugurated recently by chief minister Manohar Parrikar for Goa tourism development corporation in collaboration with Southern River Adventure Sports Pvt Ltd, headed by John Pollard .Getting to the starting point of the white water course sees adventurers walking through the hamlet of Ustem in Nagargao village and settling by the river bank where Pollard issues instructions and safety tips before the adventure begins.Adventure sport enthusiasts are provided with rafts, paddles, life jackets and have a trained guide aboard each raft accompanying them. After going through the rules and regulations, Pollard also insists that volunteers from the group jump into the water to simulate an emergency situation. Once that is done with, its time to cast away the moorings as adventurers have to negotiate a series of rapids including one aptly named 'Big Daddy'. If the thrill of the ride is not enough, one can also savour the pristine environs of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, and if one is lucky enough, even spot a wild animal or two.On the way, the rafters are allowed to dive into the waters where the flow is much stable. The nine kilometer ride takes about 90 minutes and concludes at Sonal where one has to make their way back to the main road either by their own transport or one hired from the organizers.At present, the facility is available through booking which can be done only through GTDC, either directly at one of its residencies, at its offices or online. Currently, two trips are offered per day; the first one at 11am and the second one at 2pm. The facility will continue till October 15. For villagers of Ustem, this is a totally new experience and locals too assemble on the banks of the Mhalshekar Puran to watch the adventure sports.Duke Imo, 13, from Germany, specially came to Ustem to experience the thrill. \"For me, river rafting is not new but experiencing it in the green and peaceful land of Goa is the happiest moment.\" Tara Johns, 15, an Australian national, said \"I am glad to experience white water river rafting in Sattari on the Mhadei river during the monsoons.\"Bramley Fernandes was among Goans from Verna-Salcete, who experienced the adventure sport. \"I came specially for river rafting in Ustem. If tourists coming to this hinterland follow discipline and decorum and don't throw garbage , keeping the area clean, this venture of eco-tourism will give a new way to eco-tourism activities in Goa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376398", "title": "Indore cartoonist in legal quagmire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aseem Trivedi was released on bail in Mumbai on Wednesday but in a corner of Indore, another cartoonist Harish Yadav appeared in the court for his umpteenth hearing. Last September a case was filed against him for drawing a cartoon that lampooned Gujarat CM Narendra Modi . Since then he has been doing the rounds of Indore lower court every fortnight or so. Strangely, the police are yet to file a chargesheet.\"It has been a year and the prosecution has not been able to file a chargesheet. Ideally, it is supposed to be filed within 90 days. Unless that happens the case cannot move forward in court,\" says Yadav's lawyer, Shailendra Polekar.Employed with an Indore-based evening newspaper Prabhat Kiran, the 33-year-old Yadav was slapped with a case under the section 295-A of IPC (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs). He was arrested and released on bail the same day. The cartoonist had mocked Modi's refusal to accept the offering of a skullcap from a Muslim leader at his \"sadbhavna\" fast in a cartoon published in the newspaper.Yadav's 2011 cartoon shows a nude Modi with a skull cap bearing a star and crescent literally covering his back side. A complaint was filed against Yadav for the cartoon. Prabhat Kiran editor Prakash Purohit alleges that a group of BJP workers is behind the complaint.A reclusive painter, Yadav has continued to make cartoons on Modi. When asked why his case did not garner the kind of support that Trivedi's did, Yadav told TOI over phone, \"Indore is a smaller town. There is a big difference between here and Mumbai.\"However, the cartoonist says he has hopes of Trivedi's case setting a legal precedent. \"We can't call ourselves the largest democracy in the world if there's such a clampdown on freedom of expression,\" says Yadav, also known by his pen name, Mussavvir.\"Cartoonists have their finger on the country's pulse. On days that Shankar would not make a cartoon on Nehru, he would call him up to ask him if he is upset with him. Earlier, politicians would take these things in their stride. We don't see that sensibility anymore,\" says Yadav, who does not even keep a phone.Purohit feels it is high time that the Press Council of India stepped in to check various ways in which the media is being muzzled.\"Justice Katju has so far advised the media on what to report and what not to. He needs to do something to protect our interests too,\" he says.Ironically, Modi had tweeted last month, \"As a common man, I join the protest against crackdown on freedom of speech! Have changed my DP (display picture). Sabko sanmati de bhagwan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379177", "title": "Student killed by speeding van", "text": "VARANASI: Locals from Mirzapur's Rajgarh area went on a rampage and torched a pickup van after a student was killed in an accident involving the vehicle on Wednesday.According to reports, Shiv Kumar, 14, a class 9 student of Kisan Inter College, was headed towards his college when a speeding pickup van hit him near Rajgarh, killing him on the spot.Locals from the area subsequently set the vehicle on fire and staged a demonstration on the road. A heavy police force, personnel of the PAC and a fire fighting squad was rushed to the area which took the situation under control.Officials also assured the agitators that compensation would be provided to the kin of the diseased and a speed breaker would be constructed near the college.Meanwhile, in another road mishap at Jamui area under Chunar police station, a bicycle rider was killed when a speeding jeep hit his bicycle. Reports stated that Ram Pyare Singh, 65, a native of Jalalpur-mafi died on the spot while four occupants of the jeep also sustained injuries.The driver of the killer jeep fled the spot, leaving the vehicle abandoned. The injured were rushed to a local hospital.Three killed in Azamgarh: In a late night incident, at least three people were killed while six others suffered serious injuries when a speeding truck rammed a pick up van near Masidpur village under Deogao police station in Azamgarh district on Tuesday.According to reports, some natives of Sardarganj village under Mehnagar police station were returning home in a pick up van after participating in a cremation. The van was hit by the truck when it was passing through Masidpur village.Three people, including Shailesh, Pappu and Nanhu died on the spot while six other sustained serious injuries and were rushed to district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16379526", "title": "Hazaribag administration initiates preservation bid", "text": "HAZARIBAG: To preserve the centres of historical and archaeological importance, deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan has issued orders to the additional collector to inspect such sites and submit a report to him at the earliest, so that he can ask the state government to provide funds for their upkeep.He directed the officials to visit Bishnugarh, Ichak and Barkagaon and declare the lands and temples, more than 150 to 200 years old as 'Protected Areas'. These steps are being taken to prevent land mafia and other anti-social elements from forcibly occupying the sites of historical importance.Ranjan said, \"After getting the full report from the team, I will move the state government to provide adequate funds for the development of these places as tourist attractions. This will put Hazaribag on the tourist map of the country. There are more than 100 temples, caves and other centres of archeological importance here. But they are in a dilapidated state because of total neglect and paucity of funds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/jamnagar", "code": "16373934", "title": "Fake currency worth Rs 26.18 lakh seized in Jamnagar, 14 held", "text": "AHMEDABAD/JAMNAGAR: The Gujarat police seized Rs 26.18 lakh worth of counterfeit currency on Wednesday. \"The notes, according to police officials, were made in Pakistan and routed through Bangladesh ,\" in charge director general of police, Chittaranjan Singh, said.Two women and a lawyer are among the 14 who have been arrested by Jamnagar police. The cops have registered four complaints at different police stations of Jamnagar.Singh said, \"Some constables of Local Crime Branch in Jamnagar got a tip-off that an autorickshaw driver Altaf Pinjara (33) had suddenly started leading a rather lavish lifestyle. This input was followed up and the policemen tracked his movements. Enquiries at shops from where Altaf frequently made purchases revealed that he had started paying for even small purchases with Rs 500 notes.\"When the constables relayed the information to their seniors and on the next day when Altaf went out on work, two plainclothesmen followed him. Altaf made some purchases at a snack shop and then left. It was after this that the cops moved in and collected the Rs 500 note from the shopkeeper. When the note was verified with a bank in Jamnagar, the bank officials confirmed the cops' suspicions and said the currency note was fake.Jamnagar police then arrested Altaf. At the time of his arrest the police also seized Rs 62,500 worth of fake notes. Based on this evidence, Jamnagar LCB inspector G A Sarvaiya registered a complaint against Altaf and raided his home. The cops found four persons there - Rahim Pinjara, Shoeb Balim, Salim Subhaniya and Asif Makrani. Similar another consignment of fake notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations were seized from Altaf's four friends.The Jamnagar police while interrogating the five accused realised that Shoeb was key person in the fake note racket. Shoeb told police that he used to collect fake notes from Salma Sindhi, who now stays in Wankaner. Salma, according to the police, is a native of West Bengal and pays frequent trips to the eastern state.Salma key accused in racket: PoliceThe inter-state fake note racket started unravelling when police got Shoeb to call up Salma. Shoeb told Salma that he has contacted a customer who wishes to buy a large quantity of fake notes.\"According to their business dynamics, the customer will have to pay Rs 40,000 for Rs 1 lakh worth of fake currency. Salma told Shoeb to meet her at the Jamnagar railway station,\" Jamnagar police officials said.Cops caught Salma at the rendezvous and recovered Rs 3 lakh worth of fake currency from her luggage. The police seized the mobile phone of Salma and grilled her on various names from her list of contacts in the phone. One of the numbers had been stored in a cryptic manner and did not have a regular name attached to it.\"During interrogation Salma revealed that the number belongs to Abdul Rehman Maulana, who is a fake note career and her contact in West Bengal. She also told us that Abdul was then travelling by train, headed for Gujarat with another consignment of fake notes,\" Jamnagar police officials said.Inspector general of police, Rajkot range, Praveen Sinha, then intimated Surendranagar police because the train on which Abdul was travelling was then passing by Surendranagar. At Surendranagar station Abdul was arrested and the cops recovered Rs 14 lakh worth of fake notes.Another Salma's accomplice Gaffarsah Fakir was also arrested and a complaint against them was registered in Jamnagar's A Division police station. Police then raided Salma's house in Wankaner and arrested her lawyer-husband Abdul Sindhi and mother-in-law Raziya. The cops seized Rs 57,000 worth of fake notes from them.The Jamnagar police also raided three other homes in Junagadh where they recovered some more fake notes and also arrested the house owners - Nazir Memon, Wasim Sipahi, Hanif Ghanchi.Probe trail leads to WBInvestigations pointed the Jamnagar police towards Malda district of West Bengal. Based on this information, Singh contacted the DGP of West Bengal and DGP of BSF of the eastern states. Singh told his compatriots about two - Alam Shaikh and Babar Shaikh. \"They are responsible for getting fake notes from Bangladesh,\" said Singh. Some months back Alam had been arrested from Mira Road by Mumbai police along with some fake currency notes. After getting out on bail Alam had resumed his racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376042", "title": "Now, Raj opposes India-Pak match", "text": "MUMBAI: After opposing the collaboration of Indian vocalists with 8 Pakistani artistes in Sur-Kshetra, the Raj Thackeray-led MNS has now closed in on the proposed India-Pakistan cricket match. Raj said his party will not allow the India-Pakistan Test match to be held in Maharashtra. \"The MNS is opposed to Pakistani players playing on Maharashtra's soil,'' Raj told reporters on Tuesday.\"By opposing the India-Pakistan cricket match on Maharashtra's soil, the MNS has backed the Shiv Sena's time-honoured agenda,'' a senior Sena functionary said on Wednesday. \"Rajsaheb's statement shows that he and Matoshree are on the same page on a range of issues,'' he added.Of late, the Sena and MNS have been protesting a slew of common issues\u2014the August 11 violence, Pakistani artistes in Sur-Kshetra and the move to bring Shivaji Park under heritage cover.Meanwhile, Saamna on Wednesday slammed the state government for arresting cartoonist Aseem Trivedi on sedition charges. In an editorial, Sena chief Bal Thackeray said, \"By slapping sedition charges on Trivedi, the state government has brought him on par with Afzal Guru.''Complaint against Raj in Delhi court: A complaint has been filed against MNS chief Raj Thackeray in a Delhi court for allegedly branding Bihar natives in Mumbai as infiltrators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376716", "title": "RP Group plans 300-cr convention centre in state", "text": "KOCHI: The RP Group of Companies headed by Non-Resident Keralite Ravi Pillai has decided to set up a Rs 300-crore modern convention centre in Thiruvananthapuram.\"If we get all the necessary clearances, requisite permissionswe will start the work in six months. The auditorium will have a capacity to seat 3,000 people, and will be equipped with mostmodern facilities.\" The estimated cost will be around Rs 300 crores,''Pillai told TOI here on the sidelines of the Emerging Kerala summit on Wednesday.He said the group's Rs 100-crore hotel project in Kozhikode city was in the final stages of construction. The 100-room hotel with 100 roomswill be inaugurated in six months.On the significance of the Emerging Kerala summit, he said it would help to showcase tell the world the multipleinvestment opportunities that are availablein Kerala to the world.\"We have to focus on service sector businesses industrieslike the IT, hospitality and health care. We should be able to leverage onthe educated manpower in the state. Urgent attention must be givenpaid to find a solution to the waste management problems and infrastructure woes. Also, there must be a consensus on developmental issues and political differences dissensionsshould not come in the way of promoting the state's economic growth. Our people working abroad have enormous talents and expertise as well as financial resources. The state will benefit immensely if this resource pool is tapped imaginatively and effectively,'' Pillai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16376894", "title": "Now, encroachment drive put off", "text": "MARGAO: Stiff opposition from traders and subsequent intervention by Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral forced the Curchorem-Cacora municipal council (CCMC) to put off the \"encroachment clearance\" drive, on Tuesday, to a later date. However, the CCMC is determined to clear the footpaths and public passages of all illegal encroachments by traders if they fail to do so voluntarily by September 26.High drama was witnessed near the Curchorem station area on Tuesday soon after CCMC workers began razing down the illegal structures and extensions constructed by the traders in violation of a high court order that had mandated that no encroachments should be allowed on footpaths and public passages. Chief officer of the CCMC, Agnelo Fernandes, supervised the operations that began under strong police protection.However, hardly had the CCMC begun its job, the traders association put up stiff resistance and threatened to shut down the market if the operation was not called off immediately. The agitated villagers then sought the intervention of Cabral, who, after listening to the grievances of the traders, asked Fernandes to defer action until the end of Ganesh Chaturthi. The traders association also gave a written undertaking that the traders will dismantle all illegal extensions and encroachments themselves soon after Ganesh Chaturthi.Speaking to TOI, Fernandes said that he will be holding a meeting with the traders association on September 26 and take a review of the situation before going ahead with the demolition drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378252", "title": "Ishita Vyas in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain", "text": "Beautiful Ishita Vyas, who came long way from Zee TVs Ek Veer Stree Ki Kahani... Jhansi Ki Rani to Star Plus's Ruk Jaana Nahi, will now share screen space with the famous Ram and Priya.Yes, we are talking about Sony Entertainment Television's Bade Achhe Lagte Hain, produced by Balaji Telefilms.Ishita, will make an entry in the show as Priya's ( Sakshi Tanwar) old friend Isha. On the other hand, Lokesh (Assistant Director of Atul Agnihotri) will be seen as Ram's ( Ram Kapoor) one of the business friends. A special track of Isha's wedding with Ram's business friend will bring Ram and Priya together under one roof. All our efforts to reach Ishita Vyas were futile. Will this special marriage sequence result in Ram-Priya's reunion or once again this track will lead to a hit and miss. Hold on the curiosity as what happens next is something to wait and watch. Get ready to see a high voltage drama along with an entry in Bade Acche...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373855", "title": "Roads washed away in rain, contractors not penalized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Why do contractors, year after year, build poor quality roads despite strict conditions in the tenders - which include clauses involving blacklisting them. A senior official of the roads department told TOI that, till date, road contractors are made to pay the actual penalty amount in just 5% of cases, the remaining 95% pay just a fraction of the penalty entailed.The trick here is that often road contractors, who delay road construction, use poor quality material or carelessly lay roads using cheaper techniques petition the standing committee praying for an exemption from penalties. \"Under the tenders terms and condition it is violation when the standing committee accepts an application for reducing penalties. The members accept such proposals,\" adds the officer.Admitting that a certain BRTS road contractor was asked to pay just 10% of the over Rs 40 crore penalty imposed for poor construction of a BRTS stretch. \"The penalty conditions are clearly stated but the standing committee revises penalty terms. One questions why the AMC puts down penalty conditions in the first place if exemptions are given so easily,\" adds the official.A recent AMC inquiry into the poor condition of some of the city's roads revealed that some contractors were not just cutting corners, but also submitting the same bitumen purchase bills for multiple road contracts. This is not all, none of the contractors quote a standard price of constructing one kilometre of road. This is because AMC's contracts have no standardized rates and contractors exploit this to bank crores of taxpayers' money.Another major flaw that is yet to be curbed is that though mandatory, no contractor mentions the date of construction of the road or even submits a timely report of repairs carried made during the five-year guarantee period. Engineering experts suggest that contractors should be made liable to repair roads even after othe utility companies carry out digging work, and the money be claimed from the companies.\"Road tendering processes need major reforms and stringent checks on consultants and third party inspection consultants are to be imposed if roads are to be made according to the quality standards set,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16374711", "title": "Final call on toll plaza after joint meeting", "text": "GURGAON: No final decisions came out of Wednesday's meeting on the plan to decongest the 32-lane plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. All the stakeholders including the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), Gurgaon traffic police and Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) participated in the meeting to devise ways to decongest the expressway.A joint meeting will soon be called to reach a final decision. However, the date of the meeting is yet to be decided.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"In Wednesday's meeting the state administration and the concessionaire apprised the NHAI of the various options for decongestion that they had to work out. These options were discussed with the NHAI and another joint meeting would be called to continue today's meeting and work towards finalizing a decongestion plan.\"The options including introducing a touch-and-go card, increasing the number of toll gates, and putting up staggered lanes were discussed. The stakeholders will have to produce a status report on the next hearing on September 20 in Punjab and Haryana high court.Except for the NHAI other agencies had also conducted a meeting on Tuesday over the same matter.Apart from discussing the de-congestion plan, during the meeting, the private concessionaire and the NHAI also focused on resolving their differences to reach out-of-court settlement in a case in Delhi high court. The Delhi HC had granted time till September 17 to reach a consensus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376590", "title": "Slow pace in probe annoys Muslim organizations", "text": "JAIPUR: Muslim organizations are miffed at the CBI's probe into the Gopalgarh violence and mob burning of SHO Phool Mohammed. They allege that while the agency completed the probe in the Bhanwari Devi and Dara Singh cases and arrested three legislators including a minister, nothing of that sort happened in the other two cases.\"In Bhanwari Devi case, the CBI officials were honoured with various awards by the agency's director for efficiency in investigation. However, when it comes to Gopalgarh violence, the CBI completely ignores 15 FIRs registered by the victims in the matter and investigates only five FIRs lodged by the police and administration who had been real culprits. The agency managed to arrest only 15 people over the past one year,\" said former BJP minister and activist Yunus Khan.\"It is all about political advantage. There were political benefits in arresting Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi (Bhanwari Devi case) and Rajendra Singh Rathore (Dara Singh case ), but the CBI is mum when it comes to the Gopalgarh violence because there is hardly any advantage,\" he added.Khan said that since the investigation began into Gopalgarh violence, the probe agency has been ignoring several aspects.\"There was indeed tension between the Gujjar and Meo Muslim communities over a piece of land. However, what about the policemen's role in the violence. Though 10 persons died in police firing, not a single policeman was arrested,\" said Khan.Muslim rights activist Salim Engineer told TOI, \"The investigation into the Gopalgarh violence has brought to fore the true face of the state government and CBI. The state government suspended the district collector and superintendent of police while the CBI gives them clean chit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16376790", "title": "Pookkalam, Theyyam light up Onam celebration in Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim recently played host to Onam celebrations, albeit several days after the actual festival.Cultural activities, including Pookkalam (floral rangoli) and the ritualistic folk dance, Theyyam, were on display at the Mahamaya temple auditorium in Bicholim last Sunday.There are many hundred forms of Theyyam of which the Gulikan and Rakthachamundi performances were well appreciated by the audience. The attendees were also treated to some tasty Onasadya, traditional vegetarian food, in the afternoon.The event was organized by the Kalpaka Cultural Association of Bicholim.It is an organization of Keralities residing in Marcel village and in the talukas of Pernem, Bardez, Bicholim and Sattari.Association president Sasidharan Gopal said the celebration was aimed at bringing together all Keralites irrespective of their caste and religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16374645", "title": "Jain college impasse continues", "text": "SASARAM: The registrar of Veer Kuer Singh University, Ara, Manoj Kumar , has requested the Rohtas DM to ensure the opening the door of the chamber of the principal of SP Jain College, Sasaram, so that classes could start. The letter of the registrar was delivered to the office of the DM on Wednesday by a special messenger.It is learnt that teaching and admission work at the college has virtually come to a standstill for the last 25 days due to the caste tension in the college in wake of transfer of the principal of Shershah College, Dharmraj Singh, to SP Jain College last month.The teachers and non-teaching staff of the college are divided into two groups with one group locking the principal's chamber and not letting him enter it.The university, in a drastic action last month, transferred two teachers from the college. But the impasse has not been resolved as yet.Despite earnest requests by the principal for ensuring proper security in the college, no step has been taken by the administration. Finally, the university had to request the DM directly to intervene in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376571", "title": "Boy beaten up by teacher, probe ordered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kurukshetra deputy commissioner Mandeep Singh Brar has ordered an inquiry into allegations that a 10-year-old student was gagged and brutally beaten up by his teacher, who suspected him of stealing Rs 100.\"I have asked the district education officer (DEO) to probe the incident. Strictest action will follow, in case the school teacher as well as the management is found guilty in the probe,\" said Brar.Tejas, a class V student of Dashmesh Vidya Mandir of Bir Mathana village of the district, was allegedly beaten up on Tuesday but the matter came to light on Wednesday, when the boy's father Krishan Lal approached the local police and Kurukshetra deputy commissioner.In his complaint to the deputy commissioner, Krishan Lal has claimed that his son had found a Rs 100 note near his house but when his teacher saw the money, Tejas was allegedly taken to a room and beaten up.Krishan Lal has also approached the Ladwa police station and filed a complaint in this regard. The school authorities have denied the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374903", "title": "Spurred by order, govt to revive 14 Bus Rapid Transits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court's interim order on Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor has given the state government a shot in the arm. A day after HC's direction, government officials said the transport department was going to revive 14 other BRT projects that had been put on the backburner when the Ambedkar Nagar BRT matter went to court. \"A presentation by DIMTS on the proposed corridors will be shown to a group of officials, including the chief minister, on September 18. The government is keen on reviving these projects,\" said a senior government official.The move comes in the backdrop of the court's order to revert to the earlier system of traffic flow on the 5.8km corridor till a final decision is taken on the matter. From September 15, a dedicated lane will be reserved for buses and emergency vehicles on the stretch. However, the signal cycle will be tweaked to ensure that the main intersections like Chirag Dilli have a signal cycle consisting of five phases, instead of six phases A senior DIMTS official said, \"The idea is to do away with any cross-cutting movement at the intersection, which is why bus and motor vehicle movement on the right will be in simultaneous turns.\"The presentation by DIMTS will be the first high-level meeting on the issue since the issue went to court. For several months now, BRT projects had been put on hold with the PWD going slow on appointing a consultant for seven BRT corridors. DIMTS, which has already formulated the detailed project report of six BRT corridors under it, is now working on the second phase of the project. \"Once the CM's approval comes, work on the next BRT, Karawal Nagar-Shastri Nagar-More Gate, will start,\" said a government official.According to the detailed project report made by DIMTS, the 15km Karawal Nagar-More Gate corridor will be a mix of different models. \"We have not reduced the road width anywhere on this corridor. Private vehicles will continue to have as much space as they have now,\" said a senior official.Last year, the Delhi government had set aside a budget of Rs 450 crore for the 14 BRTs which had been shortlisted. This year, though, the allocation has only been Rs 3.5 crore. Interestingly, the transport department's proposal for the second BRT corridor in Karawal Nagar-Shastri Park, estimates the cost at Rs 18-20 crore per km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374101", "title": "Colleges under scanner for building rule violations", "text": "CHENNAI: Colleges across the state are facing the music for unauthorized constructions on their premises. The Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), which monitors and regulates developmental activities outside Chennai, has issued notices to 1,800 of around 2,400 colleges in the state, and the rest will be covered in the next few days.The clampdown is a fallout of the recent accident at an engineering college near Sriperumbudur, where 10 migrant labourers were killed when an unauthorized stadium under construction collapsed. Police arrested Jeppiar, the owner of the college, for carrying out construction without DTCP approval.The regulatory agency has asked college administrations to produce approved plans of their buildings within 30 days, failing which they will have to face stringent action under Sections 56 and 57 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, an official said.The DTCP's estimate is that of the 2,400 colleges, hardly 200 have obtained proper building plan approvals. Notices have been sent to those 200 colleges also to ascertain whether their buildings conform to the rules.Colleges, of course, have the option of applying for building approvals even after the construction is over.Local bodies flout norms, approve college buildingsHowever, such applications would be entertained only if the buildings conform to the development control rules. Otherwise, the buildings would be sealed and pulled down, the official said.The Town and Country Planning Act arms the DTCP with enough powers to act against building rules violators. While Section 56 of the Act empowers the regulatory body to pull down unauthorized structures, Section 57 enables it to stop constructions being carried out without approval.It is estimated that each college, on an average, has about 50,000 sq ft built-up area.While arts and science colleges are small in size, engineering and medical colleges have big campuses with huge buildings. If they have to survive demolition, they should pay infrastructure and amenities charges to the government. These levies could add up to about Rs 450 crore, going by a rough estimate.Since the All India Council for Technical Education earlier did not insist on engineering colleges producing approved building plans for granting permission, the latter ignored building regulations. Some took the easy route of obtaining approvals from village panchayats. Despite knowing that their authority was limited to giving approvals to houses, many local bodies flouted norms with impunity and approved college buildings. \"Only now do we find the AICTE insisting on DTCP approvals for college buildings,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374736", "title": "70-yr-old woman killed in robbery in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 70-year-old woman was smothered and gagged to death at her residence in the Rohini area of northwest Delhi on Wednesday evening. Gurjeet Kaur Puri was a retired assistant commissioner of the income tax department and stayed alone at her house in Sector 8, police said. Robbery is suspected to be the motive for murder.Puri had returned from London two-and-a-half months ago but had not registered with the senior citizen cell of Delhi Police. She lived on the first floor and had let the ground floor of her house. Police said her grandson often visited her.Neighbors said Puri had two maids. One of them, Kaushalya, came twice a day and had worked at the house for several years. The other maid was hired a fortnight ago and came for a few hours in the morning to do the cleaning.The murder was reported by a neighbour at 4.15pm. Kaushalya and Puri's next-door neighbour were the first to see the body. \"Around 3.30pm, Kaushalya rang the bell but I assumed she had come to work and told her to come later. She then insisted on speaking to me and told me Aunty (Puri) appeared to be deep in sleep and wasn't answering the bell. She had found the main door and also the door leading to the first floor open when she came to work, but Aunty would not come out of her bedroom,\" the neighbour said.She then took a spare key and went to Puri's house, where she found the elderly woman tied up in her bedroom. \"Her whole face except her eyes was covered in brown tape, her hands and feet were tied with ropes. We untied her and called a doctor from the neighbourhood but she was dead. She had suffocated,'' said the neighbour.Other neighbors reported seeing the second maid in the balcony. She had talked on a phone for over an hour in the afternoon, they said.\"She appeared to be waiting for someone. When I asked her, she said she was waiting for her husband and brother to arrive with a truck to take an old sofa set that Aunty had sold to her,'' said a neighbour. The sofa set was still in the house when police arrived early in the evening.A police source said entry to the house was friendly and the other maid was a suspect as she was seen with two men in the afternoon. \"This afternoon, her domestic help came to meet her on the pretext of taking away a sofa. She had brought along two unknown people. The security guard of the area took them to Kaur's house and returned. Puri was last seen talking with the help and the two men in the balcony of her house. After her domestic help, no one came to meet her till the time she was found murdered. Cash and valuables are missing from the spot. A case of murder and robbery has been filed,\" said a senior police officer.Joint commissioner of police, northern range, Tejender Luthra said, \"We are probing all angles. Teams are investigating the case on priority. We will soon crack the case.\"Following the incident, the crime and forensics teams were called in. They collected fingerprints and other evidence. Puri's body has been kept in a hospital and a postmortem will be done on Thursday in the presence of family members.Puri has two married daughters who live in different parts of Delhi. Her son lives in London and is expected to arrive on Thursday. Family members declined to comment, but confirmed that the new maid was a suspect. \"We were informed around 4.30pm but the incident happened between noon and 1pm,'' was all one family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "16377275", "title": "Rover may contaminate Red planet with bugs", "text": "LOS ANGELES: As 'Curiosity' gets set to drill into the rocky surface of Mars, Nasa scientists will have their fingers crossed in the hope the rover doesn't find water or ice. The drill bit on the Curiosity could possibly be contaminated with Earth microbes after the last drill was added in an unsterile environment \u2014 sparking fears we may end up 'contaminating Mars with life' if the drill touches water, the Los Angeles Times reported.Scientists have chosen the cold, dry equatorial landing site in Mars' Gale Crater to study the geology of the Red planet. If the rover does find water, then the Earth microbes from Curiosity's drill bits could survive after coming into contact with water.The possible contamination of the drill bits occurred six months before the rover's launch last November 26. The bits had been sterilized inside a box to be opened only after Curiosity landed on Mars. The engineers grew concerned that a rough landing could damage the rover and the drill mechanism so they decided to open the box and mount one bit in the drill as a hedge to ensure success. Under the agency's procedures, the box should not have been opened without knowledge of a Nasa scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375436", "title": "Few teachers, lower eligibility bar behind engineering failure", "text": "MUMBAI: The engineering student in the state is huffing and puffing to complete his graduation. \"We did some kind of benchmarking which showed that while Indian engineering colleges admitted close to 1.1 million students, 7 lakh of them graduated,\" said AICTE chief S Mantha.S Ukrande, dean of technology at the University of Mumbai, believes that most students take five to six years to clear their BE, so it is tough to estimate the number of those who drop out from the system. \"Engineering has a vast syllabus. Up to class XII, students study six subjects for the whole year. Suddenly, in engineering, they are forced to study six subjects in each semester, that too with a certain time constraint. Many students take more than six years to clear all subjects and close to 2% drop out,\" Ukrande said.In the last five years, the overall success rate of batches of first-year engineering students at Mumbai University has not crossed 35%. \"Of the 70% students who fail, half get an ATKT (allowed to keep a term) and the rest have to repeat a year. Many leave the course,\" explains Vilas Shinde, the former controller of examinations who is now part of the faculty with an engineering college.But why are students finding it difficult to cope? A senior university official, speaking on condition of anonymity, listed two reasons for the deplorable state of engineering education: the acute faculty shortage and the manner in which engineering aspirants are selected.\"Lowering the qualification bar for students entering engineering courses could be a major contributor to the poor results. Earlier, the Class XII cut-off for engineering admissions was 50%. It was further reduced to 45%. Today, students who score one or two marks in the competitive entrance exam also get a seat in an engineering college. Quality control measures must be put in place. In fact, many of those who graduate are not even employable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377180", "title": "Assembly privilege notice against lawyer, TV channel", "text": "KOLKATA: The government chief whip Sovandeb Chatopadhyay has issued a privilege notice to senior lawyer and former Congress MLA Arunava Ghosh and a television channel for telecasting certain remarks denigrating the state assembly Speaker Biman Banerjee. A privilege notice issued by the state assembly is almost like a contempt of court.The notice seeks a reply from all within a week, which would be examined by the Speaker himself and the assembly privilege committee for any subsequent action, if any. Laws allow the Speaker a lot of power to take action, if the charges are found true, and can also lead to arrest.Chattopadhyay said, \"I have signed the notices issued under rule 226 of the rules of procedures and conduct of business in the West Bengal Legislative Assembly to the former MLA and the television channel. They had aired a programme in which Ghosh made some very derogatory and demeaning remarks at the Speaker. The position of the Speaker of the state legislative assembly is above all this.\"He said, \"I have signed the notices on Thursday and they've been asked to reply to it. The Speaker and the assembly privilege committee will go through their reply and take necessary action, they deem fit. I feel it is also denigrating to certain high offices and constitutional posts, including that of the Speaker, when such unnecessary and avoidable comments are made purely for political reasons.\"During the tenure of Hasim Abdul Halim as the speaker, such proceedings were initiated on atleast one media house and even the state police DGP.Ghosh said, \"I haven't received the notice in person. I have been told this is a quasi-criminal proceeding. Till I don't receive it, there is no question of any reply. But though this is privilege notice, I am told this is like the Contempt of Court's Act, 1979. But in the case of the former what is privilege has not been defined. Moreover this also gives the assembly Speaker unbridled powers which again is unconstitutional.\"The lawyer said he had made the remarks on the contest of former chief minister Jyoti Basu's birthday being celebrated in the assembly premises on July 6, instead of July 8.The birthday, according to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , was preponed to allow the assembly staff to pay their homage. The birthday celebrations that day were boycotted by the Left MLAs though Congress MLA Asit Mal represented Congress legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375709", "title": "Lord set to get a bumpy ride this year too", "text": "NAGPUR: Every year it is the same story. Lord Ganesh takes a bumpy ride to pandals and thence to immersion place. It will be same this year too. City roads are dotted with hundreds of potholes and NMC undoubtedly is blaming the rains rather than shoddy quality of its own work.Like every year, Ganesh Mandals are facing the problem of steering the idol safely through pothole-riddled roads to its destination. Alarmed at the rate of which craters are surfacing, Ganesh Mandals are upset that their request to NMC to fill up potholes in time went unheeded. \"Potholes have increased the worry for mandals across the city,\" pointed out Akash Dewani, who had come to place an order for a Ganpati idol at Chitar Oli to be installed in their locality in Shanti Nagar.Even artisans in Chitar Oli are getting similar response from their customers. \"With just a week to go for the festival, many mandals preparing to take delivery of idols fear the worst,\" said sculptor Vikas Bhamkar showing a huge pothole in front of his shop in Chitar Oli which he filled with mud himself as complaints to the NMC fell on deaf ears.\"Devotees are sentimental about idols' well being. Even a little damage can hurt their feelings. Since last couple of years we started sending our men to repair the idols if they got damaged during transportation due to potholed roads,\" he said.\"We are really upset with the NMC, as fulfilled its promise of fixing potholes before the festival,\" said Munna Jaiswal, president of Ashtavinayak Bahuddeshiya Sanstha that celebrates Ganesh Utsav near Janata Chowk in Dhantoli. He explained, \"Some three years back we used to transport idol from Chitar Oli to Dhantoli in an hour. Now it takes over three hours, thanks to potholes.\"\"We even requested the standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari to look into the matter. But with just a few days remaining, we are sceptical whether they would repair the potholes,\" wondered Ramesh Hake. TOI surveyed the stretch from Gandhi Putla square to Manas Chowk T-point and found that the trouble for mandals will be the same like last year. The status of other major roads is also no different.Though last month NMC had carried out repair work of some potholes, many still exist. In fact, the repair works have made the roads more uneven. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane said it would be NMC's responsibility to ensure major roads used by Ganesh Mandals were pothole-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376198", "title": "State highways get 4.4L crore boost", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA-II wants to take a leaf out of NDA's book, and is keen to launch National Highways Development Project (NHDP).However, the government wants to start a drive to give fillip to state highways (SHs). The 12th Plan proposal, which is likely to be considered by the full Planning Commission on Saturday, has provisioned Rs 4.4 lakh crore for the initiative \u2014over three-fold increase in investment for the road transport and highways sector in the next five years.SHs and major district roads (MDRs) constitute the secondary system of road transportation. The total length of SHs stands at about 154,000 km; while MDRs are estimated at around 300,000 km. State roads carry heavy to medium traffic and function as secondary road system.Under the new scheme, government plans to launch a massive four-laning of state highways, which will connect all the districts with state capitals. The government is looking at 20% private investment in the venture. Politically, too, the improvement of SHs would work as a \"feel good\" factor. As per the estimates provisioned in the 12th Plan, the gross budgetary support for the ministry would be Rs 1.44 lakh crore \u2014 around 86% more than the 11th Plan.The thrust areas for development in NH sector in the next five years would include special package for development of 1,000 km in tribal areas at an investment of Rs 5,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378781", "title": "HC asks school education dept to reserve right of deaf", "text": "INDORE: In a major relief to the deaf candidates the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court reserved the rights of the community in teaching jobs announced by school education department on Tuesday. The deaf candidates had sought opinion of the court in the matter concerning reservation in government jobs.The bench of Justice S C Sharma passed an order stating that the deaf are also entitled to participate in the contractual teachers' selection process conducted by Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board (MPPEB). The representatives of school education department had restricted the hearing impaired candidates by making them ineligible for availing reservations in government teaching jobs against the vacancies during last year itself.The court said the rights of the hearing impaired cannot be taken away by the state government in this manner by the respondents including state, school education department, social justice department and MPPEB.Last year, a writ petition was filed by petitioners Gajraj Singh, Mukesh Rajak and Anil Patel demanding reservation in teaching jobs.Moreover, the quota of 2% reservation was provided to orthopedically handicapped. The advocates Piyush Mathur and Gyanendra Purohit sought the attention of the court to the state government notification which provides 2% reservation each to blind and deaf and dumb. \"Section 33 of the persons with equal opportunities protection of rights and full participation act 1995 makes it mandatory for state government to reserve 2% posts of contractual teachers for persons suffering with hearing impaired, which the court has held true,\" said advocate Purohit.Piyush Mathur later quoted some other notifications issued by the state government's department of higher education , the department of tribal welfare as well as the panchayat and rural development where they have reserved 2% of vacancies for the deaf. But the school education department was restricting the rights of these candidates, added Piyush.The court also noticed that there are as many as 9032 boys and 6660 girls studying in government schools who are deaf. This means that such students certainly require the assistance of people who could closely cater to the needs of the blind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377108", "title": "Second counselling to fill up medical seats", "text": "KOLKATA: The health department will hold a second counselling session at RG Kar Medical College on Sunday to fill up 28 vacant MBBS seats.After the engineering seats lying vacant at Jadavpur University and BESU, now it is 28 MBBS seats lying vacant in the various medical colleges in the state along with 62 seats of BDS. For filling up the seats, the health department is going to hold a second counseling to fill up the vacant seats on September 15 at R G Kar Medical College.However, there was some confusion among students in the waiting list having a ranking in the medical entrance merit list over whether they would get a chance to appear in the counselling as the notice did not clearly mention the rank up to which counselling would be done. It only said those beyond a rank of 1590 will get a chance.With this second counselling session, the department will reshuffle the seat allotment in medical colleges as many students with high ranks in the entrance exam did not join this year. First year classes have already started since August and those who got admission to remote colleges are expected to vie for seats in Kolkata. There are also students from the districts who want a seat in a college closer home. There were 1,900 MBBS seats and 250 in BDS this year.An official said many students with high ranks of the top ranking students in both engineering and medical entrance opted for engineering or joined IIT, leaving medical colleges. \"Some students who were supposed to join the medical colleges in the state, admitted through All India pre-medical entrance have shifted to colleges in other states,\" he said, adding that an MBBS seat in a private medical college costs anything between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 50 lakh.The official said the vacant seats will be filled up on Sunday and some students studying BDS now are also expected to shift to MBBS. The seats vacated by them will be filled up by candidates on the waiting list who cleared the WBJEE.Director of medical education, Dr S K Bandopadhyay, said: \"Many students left for other courses, so we had to arrange the second counselling. However, that does not mean there is less demand for MBBS seats. All vacancies will be filled up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16376747", "title": "IUML alleges CPM-BJP plot to weaken party", "text": "KANNUR: The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) has alleged that the CPM and BJP are coming together in the district with an objective of weakening the IUML, and they are raising false allegations against the party in the backdrop of the recent incidents of violence in the district.\"Though the police had arrested two Popular Front of India activists in connection with the attack on the party offices of CPM and BJP in Payyannur recently, both the parties are trying to put the blame on the IUML,\" party district president K M Soopy said at a press conference here on Tuesday.Similarly, in connection with the murder of ABVP activist Sachin Gopal, the BJP is alleging that the IUML is protecting the PFI/Campus Front workers who are allegedly behind the killing, he said and added that there was no truth in this allegation.\"We have always maintained that the PFI is an extremist outfit and had condemned its activities, and we have never supported them.\" He said the IUML was willing to join the BJP and CPM if they are sincere in launching an agitation against the PFI.The IUML leader said the recent visit of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan to Sachin's house was an indication of the change in the equations between the BJP and CPM. \"Though it is natural to pay a condolence visit, considering the fact that they had never paid such a visit earlier, this is an indication of the change in their relations.\"BJP district president K Ranjith had, on Monday, visited the CPM office at Payyanur that was attacked on Sunday.Soopy alleged that the extremist groups were gaining strength in areas where the IUML is strong, and these extremists were getting support from outside forces like the CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16376115", "title": "McDonald's in Pak forces wife, hubby to sit apart", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A man and his wife were not allowed to sit beside each other at a McDonald's outlet in Pakistan by managers, who told the couple that such behaviour would have a negative impact on the \"Islamic family atmosphere\" of the outlet.Noman Ansari, an exporter, said the incident occurred at a McDonald's outlet in Karachi on Sunday when he and his wife decided to stop for a drink.As Ansari sat down next to his wife and put his arm on the seat behind her shoulder, an employee asked him to move to the chair opposite to her.When Ansari asked the employee why he couldn't sit next to his wife, the employee replied, \"Sir, this is a family restaurant. Couples sitting together is against the policy of McDonald's Pakistan, as it goes against the family atmosphere of the restaurant.\" Even after Ansari said that they were married, the employee said, \"I am sorry sir, but you can't sit side by side.\"The incident has sparked a fresh debate on Islamic hardliners trying to mould public behaviour and thinking in line with their own puritanical beliefs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kenrapada", "code": "16378172", "title": "Turtles seized from shop in Kendrapada", "text": "KENRAPADA: Seven live freshwater turtles were seized from a shop in Mahakalpada block's Ramanagar village on Wednesday. The turtle supplier, Bhagirathi Mandal, has been arrested, said Bijaya Kumar Parida, the forest officer of Mahakalapada forest range. He was produced in the court of sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM) in Kendrapada on Wednesday. His bail plea was rejected.Forest officials stumbled upon the turtles packed in jute bags during a raid on Ramanagar market. \"We released these turtles into river Luna,\" a forest officer said.Reptile smugglers collect turtles from local fishermen who catch these animals during fishing. On July 4, forest officials seized 40 turtles from a boat in Ramanagar. Last year, police and forest officials had jointly raided a bus at Panikoili and seized around 200 endangered freshwater turtles and nabbed six persons, including two reptile smugglers from West Bengal and one from Kendrapada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373886", "title": "Evicted Dad gets his house back", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six months ago, Jayanti Modi, 60, was evicted from his house by his son. His daughter-in-law filed a dowry harassment complaint against the old man to bully him into transferring ownership of the house to the couple's name. The police, however, came to the shattered old man's rescue.On Wednesday, Modi smiled for the first time in months when the cops broke open lock and restored the property to him.The police also reported to the court that dowry harassment complaint against Modi was false and filed only to pressurize the old man into signing on the dotted line.\"After unparalleled stress and emotional and mental agony, I feel peace in retruing to the house I had bought five years back,\" said Modi, who suffers from kidney and heart ailments. Modi says that all his life he had feared the men in khaki.\"My son and daughter-in-law filed a complaint to scare me. When I spent a day with the policemen after the dowry complaint, I was scared of what had befallen me in my old age. Ironically, the police turned out to be my saviours,\" said Modi, who personally went to thank Joint Commissioner of Police (Sector-I) Ajay Tomar for expediting his case.Modi's story began in Naroda 40 years ago where he used to work in the power looms and lived in a modest one-room apartment. After his wife died, he married off his son and daughter. Soon after the son was married, he and his wife began pestering Modi to transfer legal ownership of the property to their names. Modi tried to reason with them, but to no avail.To end this problem, Modi left his home and began living in rented accommodation at Rakhial. Meanwhile, to help his son get a viable livelihood, Modi withdrew some of his retirement money and bought him an autorickshaw.Even this failed to resolve the dispute. On May 14, Naroda police marched to Modi's house. He was taken aback when the cops told him that his daughter-in-law had filed a complaint against him.Shocked, Modi suffered a heart attack and was admitted to Shardaben Hospital. A week after being discharged, Modi approached Naroda police but was arrested. After his release on bail, Modi met his son to talk things over and was told that the complaint would be withdrawn only if he handed over the house.Modi then turned to Jeevan Sandhya where the trustees sought intervention from the police. A trustee, Farsu Kakkad says, \"Modi would have lost ownership to his bullying son if not for the police's timely intervention. If the cops stand by the elderly, exploitation of the old will end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375918", "title": "Stamp duty: E-way to benefit citizens &amp; government", "text": "MUMBAI: Security concerns are phasing stamp paper out. \"Even though the overall security mechanism of stamp papers has improved markedly following the Telgi scam, the mode of payment is still vulnerable to fraudulent practices,\" said an official. \"The absence of a central database makes it difficult to verify a stamp paper's genuineness. Franking and e-stamping, which gained prominence following the scam, are vulnerable to duplication, imitation and hacking,\" he added.Last year, the government collected Rs 14,800 crore as stamp duty and registration fee from across the state.Sources said the eSBTR system will combine the best of all existing practices and then add to them. A person can walk into any branch of an authorized bank, fill up the necessary details of a property transaction in a form and make the payment. In return, a designated officer will issue an eSBTR after feeding the details into an online database. The stationery for the receipt too will be catalogued on the database, allowing its tracking.Officials maintained the new mode will benefit citizens as well as the administration. For citizens, it will reduce the hassles in payment of stamp duty since travel to multiple offices will be made redundant. An official said citizens can also pay registration fee through the eSBTR system, which may be extended online.For the state, it will reduce administrative costs. Unlike other models where commissions are offered to vendors, banks will be paid fixed transaction-based charges under the new arrangement. Sources said the modalities of this payment are being finalized.The ball on the system has already got rolling. The state finance department has given an in-principle approval to the eSBTR proposal. It could soon be placed before the state cabinet, sources said, and the system introduced this year. Simultaneously, the stamp duty and registration department is in advanced talks with banks. Three major institutions have come onboard, while others are expected to follow suit.A parallel proposal to phase out high-value stamp papers (Rs 5,000 and above) is also under consideration. The state has plans to retain stamp papers of face value of less than Rs 100 for low-end transactions. For transactions requiring stamp papers of face value between Rs 100 and Rs 5,000, various options, including lowering of duty, are being weighed. Similar e-payment models are in place in parts of West Bengal and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16373567", "title": "Jithin Thomas sets new meet record", "text": "CHENNAI: Services' Jithin Thomas and Railways' Joseph Abraham provided the star turn, while ONGC's Om Prakash Singh and VS Surekha of Railways disappointed on the third day of the 52nd National Open Athletics Championships on Wednesday.In the men's high jump, Jithin jumped 2.22 metres to break the existing meet record of 2.19m and take home the gold medal. Jharkhand's Hari Shankar Roy settled for the silver and ONGC's S Harshit took the bronze.Asian Games medallist Joseph Abraham roared back to winning ways after powering through to the gold in the men's 400m hurdles. The Railways athlete crossed the finish line in 50.87 seconds, ahead of his close friend, teammate and rival Satender Singh. It was sweet revenge for Joseph who had lost to Satender in the Inter-state Meet held in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376566", "title": "Details sought on Maya's 1,000-notes garland", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Information Commission (CIC), New Delhi has asked the central government to provide details about the garland made of currency of Rs 1,000 denomination presented to former UP chief minister Mayawati on March 15, 2010.Subhash Chandra Agrawal, Delhi-based RTI activist, had sought details about the garland made of Rs 1,000 currency notes presented to former UP chief minister Mayawati on March 15, 2010. He had filed his RTI application to Central Public Information Officer (CPIO) of the Ministry of Finance of central government. The ministry, however, did not provide the information saying it does not have a CPIO.Later, the applicant approached the Central Information Commission (CIC) while CIC directed the ministry to respond to the applicant with the appropriate information. Thereafter, CPIO of the department of economic affairs gave information on certain points and said the rest of the queries concern the department of revenue and ministry of home affairs.The CIC observed that information sought by the applicant can be classified into two parts.Firstly, he wants to know whether presenting a garland made of currency notes to a public functionary is legal or not.The second part of his queries concerned the possible action which the Government and its agencies might have taken if the act of presenting a garland made of currency notes was found to be irregular/illegal.CIC said, \"many of the queries do not necessarily lead to any identifiable information on record. However, since this news had drawn a lot of public attention at the relevant time and had implications about the conduct of important public authorities, it would have been in order if a more categorical reply was given to the applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16377060", "title": "Attack on Lankans proves costly for airlines", "text": "TRICHY: After the recent attack on Sri Lankan pilgrims in Thanjavur, the load factor in flights from Colombo has drastically reduced. At a time when Sri Lanka was planning to increase its services to Colombo by three more flights in its winter schedule, the diminution in incoming passenger trend has come as a great blow to airlines, immigration sources said.Trichy airport offers daily flights to Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and Colombo. Sri Lankan Airlines and Mihin Lanka together operate 18 services a week to Colombo, their hub. While Sri Lankan Airlines flight arrives in Trichy at 8.35 am and 2.40 pm daily, Mihin operates four services a week on Sundays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. After the recent attack on Sinhala pilgrims on Tamil Nadu soil, the Sri Lankan government issued an advisory to its citizens not to venture into Tamil Nadu without taking enough precautions.An immigration officer said a single imprudent incident had dealt a great blow to the economy of the Sri Lankan and Mihin airlines, that were in the process of introducing four more direct services to Colombo from Trichy in its winter schedule. \"Now, we are having second thoughts,\" said a source from the airline.After the ethnic Eelam war came to an end, the Trichy-Colombo sector was patronized by the Sinhala public more than ever. The entry of Christian pilgrims was only a recent phenomenon. For instance, just a week prior to the Christian pilgrims' attack, around 150 Buddhist monks landed in Trichy and proceeded to Chennai in three hired buses. Usually, these monks make it a point to visit the Sri Lanka Maha Bodhi Centre at Kenneth Lane opposite Egmore railway station before going to Buddhist shrines such as Gaya and Sarnath. These pilgrims prefer Trichy, for it offers them an opportunity to visit other pilgrim centres in the region such as Sri Rangam Sri Renganathar temple, Thanjavur Big Temple and Samayapuram Maha Mariamman temple. The immigration officer said these people would continue to visit India for there was no hurdle in the issuance of visas, but they would rather prefer Trivandrum rather than Trichy.Interestingly, the launching of the inaugural flight to Colombo from Madurai airport by SpiceJet could not have come at a more inopportune time. The first-ever international flight takes off from Madurai on September 20 and SpiceJet has trimmed down the fare to an incredible Rs 6,000 for a return ticket till October when their winter schedule takes effect. Sri Lankan Airlines will follow suit in the near future. Sources said though the inaugural flight was fully booked, the load factor in the return direction was less than 20%, a factor directly attributed to the recent attack on Sinhala pilgrims. However, one will not get all the seats for RS 6,000 as the pricing takes effect for every 10 seats on first-come-first-served basis, explained an employee of SpiceJet.Moreover, the incident has also hit the travel, leisure and textile industry in Trichy as well. Sri Lankan travel agents said though the volume of loss could not be quantified immediately, it would nevertheless be in the region of 40 to 60% of lost ticket sales as most of the flights coming from Colombo are empty except for the transit passengers from Gulf countries. Sri Lankan Airlines at present runs 18 services a week including four by Mihin Lanka. The incoming Sinhala tourists patronized textiles of famous brands in Trichy, and now they will not risk their lives just for a pair of clothes, said an officer. Likewise, the leisure travellers to Colombo from Tamil Nadu who in the recent past chose the island to break the monotony of visiting only Kodaikanal or Ooty, might now prefer either Singapore or Kuala Lumpur, said a travel agent.The officer said that around 2,300 passengers fly out of Trichy every day, and an average of not less than 5,500 people come to the airport to see their family or friends off. These people contribute to the travel and leisure industry in the city. The fact that the airport was close at hand at a distance of a mere seven km from the city centre found favour with many working class passengers who take a bus to their destinations right across the airport.Air India and Lankan Air's Loss Is Tiger Airways And Air Asia's gainTrichy: The loss of Sri Lankan Airlines and Air India Express (that does not anyway operate a direct service on the Trichy-Colombo sector) may be the gain of Air Asia , that is planning to add four services a week to Kuala Lumpur, and Tiger Airways, by two more services to Singapore in their winter schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376735", "title": "BCG Healthcare to showcase 335-cr project", "text": "KOCHI: BCG Healthcare, the healthcare division of Kochi-based BCG Group, is looking for equity partners and clearance for its two health-based projects worth nearly Rs 335 crore, in the Emerging Kerala conclave. The projects are a health village and a super speciality hospital in Ernakulam.The first Rs 224.95-crore project is a holistic health village for the aged with assisted living facilities at Kundanoor, said Rekha Babu, chief executive officer of the BCG Group. \"Kerala has more than 36.92 lakh parents living without the care of their children, as the state has 85% of emigrants in the 20-44 age group.\"The elderly in the state, which constitutes 13% of the total population, have no immediate caregivers. This raises an alarm as the current market does not have good enough facilities to handhold them in their old age,\" she said.Traditional healing and cultural facilities form part of the village to cater to the spiritual and cultural aspects of health.The clubhouse will house a swimming pool, a multi-purpose functional hall, round the clock cafe and other recreation facilities.\" The highlight of the project is health square, a multidisciplinary medical center that provides different medical treatments under one umbrella. The major attraction of the center is the amalgamation of modern allopathy with traditional medicines like ayurveda , homeopathy and naturopathy. Residential units, health square and intensive care with resident doctors are the main features. The project is expected to be completed in three years\" Rekha said.The second project is the 100-bed super speciality hospital at Palarivattom in Kochi. With an estimated cost of Rs 110 crore, the civil structure of the building has been completed. It is expected that the project will be ready by the end of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374203", "title": "Apple unveils new iPod touch, iPod nano", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple today introduced its new lineup music players, namely the all-new iPod touch and reinvented iPod nano.The new iPod touch is the thinnest iPod touch ever and features a 4-inch Retina display , A5 chip, Siri and iOS 6. Measuring 6-mm in thickness and 88-grams in weight, it comes in an ultra-thin, light anodised aluminum design and five colours.The new iPod touch will be available in India in October through Apple Authorized Resellers. The fourth generation iPod touch is available in black and white for Rs 15,900 and 23,900 for 16 and 32GB models, respectively.iPod touch now features a 5MP iSight camera with autofocus, support for 1080p video recording with video image stabilisation, face detection and LED flash and panorama mode. Every new iPod touch comes with a colour-matched iPod touch loop, a wrist strap that can be used while taking photos, recording video and playing games.Due to iOS 6, users can wirelessly display iPod touch screen right on a HDTV with AirPlay Mirroring, allowing them to stream photos, videos, music, apps and play games on a big screen TV.The iPod touch has the new Maps app with Apple-designed cartography, turn-by-turn navigation and Flyover view. It also boasts of Facebook integration in calendar app, with the option to post directly from Notification Center. iOS 6 also brings Passbook, new Siri features, and Facebook and Siri-enabled apps like Photos, Safari and Maps.Siri will be able to provide better answers to queries about movies, restaurants, sports scores etc with the iOS 6 update. Not only will it be available in more countries now, but will also speak more languages. Apple's virtual assistant will be able to give restaurant ratings and price lists as the company has tied up with Yelp, while reservations can be made via Siri due to its OpenTable integration.With the App Store on iPod touch, users have access to over 700,000 apps and iTunes Store, which has over 26 million songs, 190,000 TV episodes, 45,000 movies and 1.5 million books.The new iPod nano features a 2.5-inch multitouch display, 5-mm waistline and built-in Bluetooth for wireless listening and comes in seven new colours. It will be available in India from October in pink, yellow, blue, green, purple, silver and slate at approximately Rs 12,500 for a 16GB model through Apple Authorized Resellers.iPod nano's latest edition features a 2.5-inch multi-touch display, a home button and convenient control buttons. The music player now runs for up to 30 hours during audio playback and even longer while playing FM radio. Its built-in fitness features include pedometer and support for Nike+. iPod touch and iPod nano come with the new Lightning connector that is smaller, smarter and more durable than the previous connector. The all-digital Lightning connector features an adaptive interface and it's reversible so users can instantly connect to your accessories. Bundled with the iPod touch and iPod nano are the new Apple EarPods, which boast of new design, increased durability and enhanced acoustic quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374544", "title": "SBI cashier's 'killer' nabbed", "text": "PATNA: Almost three months after the murder of banker James Michael at the SBI's Patliputra Colony branch here on June 14, a police team led by City SP Jayant Kant on Tuesday night arrested the alleged killer, Manoj Kumar Pathak, from Sasaram, the district headquarters town of Rohtas district.Michael (57), head cashier of the bank, was shot at inside his chamber and he had succumbed to his injuries at a nearby nursing home. During interrogation, Pathak said that he wanted a car loan and had visited the bank several times, but his plea didn't bear fruit. A frustrated Pathak had decided on the fateful day that if Michael did not agree to give him loan, he would kill him. And, as Michael shouted at him to leave his room, Pathak pulled the trigger.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"On getting information, a team of Patna police reached the guesthouse at Sasaram where Pathak was residing. He had changed his name as Akshay Kumar Singh and was staying alone.\" He added, \"Pathak had made elaborate attempts to hide his identity. He had got driving license, voter identity card, school leaving certificate , high school admit card of the Bihar School Examination Board and address proof in fake name. He had snapped links with his relatives and friends and was living in isolation. He kept changing the guesthouses in the past two months.\"The SSP said that Pathak was unemployed, so he wanted to buy a car and rent it for earning his livelihood. When he opened fire at Michael and tried to flee from the place, the bank guards tried to catch him. He left his bag at the place of occurrence, which contained medicine and his wallet. He then rushed to the first floor of the building through the staircase and escaped from the rear portion of the bank and straightaway went to Ashok Pathak, his brother at Digha.\"The investigation team raided several places at Jogbani, Jamshedpur, Lucknow, Dehri-On-Sone, Arwal and Gaya,\" the SSP said, adding the police officials who carried the investigation successfully would be rewarded by the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374858", "title": "No bidders for high security gadgets at biodiversity meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: With hardly 20 days left for the prestigious Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11), a security gadget is giving jitters to the police and prospective bidders.Till 5 pm on Wednesday, the deadline for filing tenders, no bidder came forward to supply the X-ray explosive scanner machine as police put a rider, clearance from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB), which is the only authorised body to prescribe acceptance limits of radiation exposure.Meanwhile, the police department is running against time by issuing short duration tenders to procure bullet-proof (BP) jackets (300 numbers), bomb shields (40), bomb trailer (15), binoculars (300) radiation meter and others worth a few crores. The tender notification was issued on September 10 and the process of finalisation might be completed by September 15. The Andhra Pradesh police might not deploy X-ray Explosive Scanner Machine (XESM) for use during the CoP-11 as proposed earlier if bidders fail to give guarantee that the radiation from the scanner would not be harmful and would be within permissible limits. XESM helps security agencies in detecting explosives, drugs and other suspicious elements by sending X-ray without stopping a vehicle entering a location.\"Since police have no expertise to judge radiation of XESM, we put a pre-condition to the bidders to get a certificate from AERB. We hope bidders come forward with the certificate since it will be an important equipment in the security armoury and will be very helpful during CoP-11,\" additional director general of police (Provision and Logistics) K Krishna Prasad told TOI.The Cyberabad police are wary about the gadget since delegates from over 150 countries would be converging on HICC. The state government had earlier given its consent to release Rs 12 crore for XESM. However, in the present conditions, it appears that the 11{+t}{+h} hour decision of pushing for the purchase of XESM might prove futile. Post the 26/11 terror attack in Mumbai, an XESM was purchased by the Maharashtra police and deployed for a few months. Later, due to some technical snag, it became dysfunctional. Over Rs 70 lakh was to be paid by the Maharashtra government to fix it, but they were not prepared to pay the heavy sum.Besides, the annual maintenance contract ( AMC ) for XESM is around Rs 75 lakh. Senior IPS officers from AP went to Mumbai and studied the experience of XESM, used at a location in Worli. Though it was not encouraging in Mumbai, the AP police were keen to procure an XESM for the high-profile event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16376841", "title": "Community centre for Pilerne", "text": "Calangute: The long-awaited football stadium and community centre in Pilerne are set to become a reality soon, according to sarpanch Sandeep Bandodkar. Bandodkar said the panchayat, through the good offices of tourism minister and Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar, has arrived at a settlement with land owners for the football ground next to the panchayat ghar.While 2.5 lakh has been paid as compensation to the landowners, they will also be given shops at the community centre. The community centre is also being built next to the panchayat ghar.It will have a hall with a capacity for 500 people on the first floor, while there will be around 50 shops on the ground floor, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378808", "title": "Unable to take pressure from in-laws, man ends life", "text": "BHOPAL: A man allegedly committed suicide in Kolar area on Tuesday and held his wife responsible for his death. The body was found hanging inside his room in the morning. In a suicide note recovered, pressure from wife and in-laws was reportedly stated as the reason for his ending life.The police said deceased Gurmeet Singh Randhawa, 32, was a resident of Priyanka Nagar in Kolar. He was found hanging inside a room on the third floor of his house.After spotting his body hanging inside the room, his family members told the police and subsequently the Kolar police reached the spot and recovered the body for autopsy.The police have also received a suicide note from the wallet of the deceased. It allegedly stated that pressure from wife Mohini and in-laws forced him to commit suicide.The police said deceased's wife had left him some three years ago and had gone to her parents place in Lalitpur district of UP. She had also filed a case against Randhawa there and demanded compensation from him.The deceased's family members told the police that he was a driver in a private school and remained disturbed due to tension.As the police start investigations, it would also record the statements of his wife and his in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379101", "title": "Want my kids to know the truth: Preity Zinta", "text": "Preity Zinta is bubbly, vivacious and upfront when it comes to her opinions. The actress believes that when it comes to media in the country, it's not wrong to be sensational, but they need to get true stories.\"I am always friendly with people. When media asks me for a picture or interview, I readily do it. However, I wouldn't like them clicking my picture when I am eating or when I visit a temple. I don't want to be big in front of God,\" said Preity.\"Like in the West they have 10 times crazy media than us, but they will get true stories. They don't make up stories, so all I feel is that media in India should get real stories, don't write things which will make my mother cry,\" advised the actress.Do wrong stories affect you? \"You know how internet is today. I will get married and have kids. I don't want them to read stories about me which are not true. They should know the truth.\" answered the actress.Preity Zinta is currently busy promoting her film Ishkq in Paris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16377967", "title": "SRK to recite Aditya Chopra\u2019s love notes", "text": "The otherwise guarded Chopra will unleash his romantic side through his poems that Khan will recite in his upcoming film Jab Tak Hai JaanAditya Chopra , as we now know, has been taking more than a passing interest in his father Yash Chopra's comeback directorial. But that he has penned the poems that Shah Rukh Khan will be heard reciting to Katrina Kaif in the film Jab Tak Hai Jaan , does come as a surprise. While everyone attributed the lines that appeared along with the announcement of the title for the new Yash Chopra film to Gulzar, the truth is, it was Adi who wrote them.In fact, according to a source associated with the production house Yash Raj Films, Adi writes romantic poetry perhaps for the special someone in his life and his decision to go public with a few of them hasn't shocked the crew members. And though the lines in faltering Urdu sound perhaps like a parody of Gulzar's style - namkeen mastiyan , for example, they have become quite a rage.\"Adi is a diehard romantic. He writes poems. But so far he has kept his writings private and not shared them with his closest friends either. These days, Adi seems to have changed a little. He has become more outgoing. Though he is fiercely protective of his privacy, he is now willing to share his thoughts with the audience,\" said the source.Interestingly, we had earlier heard that it was Adi who was helping his father with the romantic scenes in the film. And according to our source, Adi has incorporated his thoughts about love in the on screen Shah Rukh - Katrina romance. \"Shah Rukh, in the film upholds Adi's idea of love and it was only natural that he mouth the filmmaker's own lines as well,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375236", "title": "CR to launch more trains to Shirdi", "text": "MUMBAI: The pilgrimage town of Shirdi is proving to be a money-spinner for Indian Railways, which has introduced a large number of new services to the town from various parts of the country. The Sri Saibaba shrine in Shirdi is considered one of the richest temples in India.Nearly 40,000 pilgrims pay obeisance every day at the shrine built over Saibaba's samadhi. Indian Railways runs as many as seven services, including weekly, tri-weekly, bi-weekly and daily trains, from places as far as Howrah, Chennai, Vijaywada and Mysore to Shirdi.A CR official said, \"Many of these services were introduced gradually over the past three year. On an average, Indian Railways earns approximately Rs 25 lakh per day from these services to the Sai Nagar Shirdi station, which became operational in March 2009.\" CR has already planned three more services to Shirdi, one each from Vishakhapatnam and Mysore (both weekly). A tri-weekly express train between Sai Nagar Shirdi and Pandharpur will also be introduced from September 16. The inaugural train will be flagged off by K H Muniayappa from Sai Nagar Shirdi on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "tarn taran", "code": "16376499", "title": "Terrorism-scarred siblings languish for want of medical aid", "text": "TARN TARAN: For want of proper mental and medical treatment, septuagenarian Simarjit Kaur has been forced to chain her young son and daughter to a tree, fearing that they may hurt themselves or someone else in the house or in the neighborhood, in Blaher village of the district.The brother-sister duo had lost mental balance after terrorists shot dead their father Amar Singh, a small time farmer, severely thrashed their mother and burned their house in front of them during the heydays of militancy in Punjab.Chained to a tree in their verandah, Gursahab Singh and Kuldeep Kaur presents a perfect picture of pity as they spend their time waiting for their mother to feed them, change their clothes and extend her shoulder to them for crying.Talking to TOI on Wednesday, Simarjit Kaur said a group of terrorists had come to their house in 1990 and sprayed bullets on her husband Amar Singh and thrashed her severely, before burning their house in front of their children Gursahab Singh, Kuldeep Kaur and Baljit Kaur. In those days, terrorists had ordered to chain pet dogs in their homes and not to switch on lights after sunset, she said.\"On that fateful day, our dog somehow freed himself and went out on streets. After some time, the group of terrorists came to our house,\" she said. Their other two children -- Harpal Singh and Gurwail Singh -- were luckily away at that time, she added. After that incident, Gursahab, Kuldeep and Baljit started behaving abnormally. A few years later, Baljit Kaur went to the fields one day and gulped down a bottle of pesticide and died.Simarjit said she had later admitted her Gursahab and Kuldeep to a hospital for treatment, but they didn't respond to treatment.Harpal Singh, an electrician, said the family was living hand to mouth and they didn't have enough means of earning. He said his elder brother Gurwail Singh has had a heart attack and all their savings went on his treatment. \"We are now under debt. Life has become miserable for us. What can we do but to chain them, otherwise they may have the same fate as that of Baljit Kaur,\" he said.Harpal's neighbourer, Sukhdev Singh, said they felt pity on the two children, seeing them tied to a tree with chains, but he justified that their family members had no options. \"They could also end their life like their sister,\" he said.Director, Institute of Mental Health , Dr B L Goyal, said that he has to medically examine both Gursahab Singh and Kuldeep Kaur to ascertain whether they were mentally retarded or lost their mental balance after the shocking incident. The hospital would extend every possible medical treatment to the children, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16375460", "title": "10 kids rescued from river", "text": "AKOLA: As many as 10 kids had a close shave after the bullock cart in which they were travelling overturned in the flooded Shahnur river near Rel Dharel village on Tuesday. The bullock cart along with the two bullocks was washed away.Swimmers who were nearby rescued the children and the dhurkari (bullock cart driver).In another incident, Balu Chachere, 38, from Palsod was washed away after slipping in the main stream of Mohala river near the village on Tuesday, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375939", "title": "Telugu Desam Party U-turn on Telangana may leave Congress in a spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that would take out a big obstacle to a consensus on Telangana, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is likely to rewrite its opposition.A change in TDP's stand on Telangana, which appears likely, would leave the Congress faced with tough choices, buffeted as it is between the dissident Jagan Mohan Reddy, who is threatening to decimate the party in coastal and Rayalaseema regions, and TRS that has repeatedly stamped its authorship on the statehood sentiment.Congress's prospects in Andhra, which sends 42 members to Lok Sabha , have kept sliding since the death of former chief minister Y S Rajasekara Reddy. YSR had deftly dealt with TRS but his death gave leeway to the Telangana activists who have since held sway in the region.Congress is facing the threat of near decimation owing to a hostile Telangana region and Jagan's rebellion, its emaciated state getting reflected in the outcome of by-elections. TRS won all 11 bypolls in 2010 in the Telangana region. The bypolls were required as the TRS had asked its members to resign so that the re-contest could be framed as a referendum on the support for separate state. The TRS has since won all but one bypoll in the region. The same is true for Jagan.Congress can choose to say no to Telangana and then hope to tap into the goodwill that 'One Andhra Pradesh' stand may generate in other regions. However, the presence of Jagan as an anti-Congress force has sobered the proponents of this idea.Times ViewThe manner in which various parties have flip-flopped on the issue of Telangana makes it quite evident that for many of them their stance at any given point of time is determined largely by what is politically convenient. That is a dangerous game to play. Breaking up a state and creating a new one is too emotionally charged an issue, and one with serious consequences, for such an attitude. Parties ought to be deciding their positions on the basis of the principles involved - whether smaller states make sense, whether the Telangana region really would benefit from being separated from Andhra Pradesh and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16374415", "title": "Karnataka CM awards HN Girisha Rs 20 lakh", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar welcomed Paralympics silver medalist HN Girisha as he returned home from London on Wednesday and honoured him with a cash award of Rs 20 lakh. The CM also promised Girisha a government job.Honouring the national hero at his residence, Shettar said it is happy day for the people of Karnataka as Girisha has returned with the silver medal. \"I congratulate Girisha on his historic feat in London. Despite the disability he has won the medal for the country by winning the silver medal in high jump in the Paralympic Games in London. I'm happy that the only medal for India was won by Girisha,\" the chief minister said.The CM said Girisha's triumph gives hope and confidence to the youth and especially the disabled people. Even if you have disability you can still win laurels at the national and international level. The silver won by Girisha is proof of that.Shettar also reiterated the government's stand it will follow the central government when it comes to providing job reservation for disabled people in Group A and B.\"I've seen the file on this and wherever possible we will try and provide jobs to handicapped people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374247", "title": "Face trial in person: TN to Douglas", "text": "CHENNAI: Adopting a tough stand against Sri Lankan minister Douglas Devananda, who is wanted in connection with a murder case pending in Chennai since 1986, the Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday said he must come to court in person and face trial.Responding to the Lankan minister's offer to face trial through videoconferencing, the state, represented by the Aminjikarai and Choolaimedu police station, accused Devananda of attempting to win a favourable order in court by misrepresentation and deceit.The IV additional sessions judge S Rajagopal adjourned the matter to September 20 for further hearing.Doubting Devananda's claim that he was Anandan alias Douglas Devananda, the police counter, filed by additional city public prosecutor M Prabhavathy, said: \"The accused Anandan was arrested in the year 1986. Now, Douglas Devananda claims he is the said Anandan.\"Unless he presents himself before the court and is properly identified, there is every possibility of miscarriage of justice, she said, adding that Devananda had not stated any valid reason that prevented him from appearing before the court all these years.Pointing out that Devananda had listed three charges pending against him, but had not mentioned that he was facing murder charge as well; the counter said it was an attempt to make the court to believe that he faced only trivial charges.The counter pointed out that on December 8, 2010 the Madras high court had confirmed a sessions court's order declaring him a proclaimed offender on June 30, 1994. It said that since the high court had upheld the proclamation, the sessions court cannot consider averments relating to the issue. Devananda last appeared in court in March 1990 and since then has been absconding, it said.As for Devananda's claim that he was under an impression that the 1987 Indo-Sri Lankan accord had provided for compounding of cases against Sri Lankan nationals, the government said the bilateral agreement had nothing to do with the crime committed by him and his associates. Noting that the statement has been made to confuse the court, it pointed out that the pact did not have any express provision that offence committed by any Sri Lankan staying in India would be granted relief.According to the prosecution, Douglas and nine of his associates, all of them cadres of the Eelam People Revolutionary Liberation Front, opened fire on local residents and killed one man at Choolaimedu on November 1, 1986. All the 10 were arrested and remanded in custody. They attended court proceedings till March 2, 1990. But after obtaining bail, they bsconded. As they continued to remain underground, the IV additional sessions court issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against Douglas and others on June 30, 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376197", "title": "12-year-old dies of dengue fever", "text": "PUNE: A 12-year-old girl from Akurdi died of dengue fever at KEM hospital last week. The girl had tested positive for dengue at the KEM hospital's pathology laboratory, officials from Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) said. According to official records, this is the first dengue death in Pune this year.\"The girl died on September 7. She had tested positive for dengue at the hospital's laboratory,\" said a PCMC medical officer.The girl had symptoms like fever and abdominal pain. Initially, she had consulted a neighborhood hospital but her condition deteriorated, following which she was rushed to KEM Hospital in Rasta Peth on September 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379827", "title": "Want to do meaningful roles: Gunjan", "text": "\"There was a time when entire family used to go and watch Bhojpuri movies. Bhojpuri cinema was known for good movies. But due to few directors females have started avoiding Bhojpuri movies. This industry should start making movies which are complete family entertainer,\" said Gunjan Pant.She also added, \" I like enacting characters which are close to Indian women. I am not against glamorous roles but that should be well shown on the screen and should not come across as sultry.Gunajn is busy shooting for 'Lakshman Rekha' and second schedule of 'Kotha'.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16376515", "title": "Nagpur girls, Mumbai suburban boys win state badminton titles", "text": "NAGPUR: Wednesday, the 12th will go down in the history books of Nagpur badminton as a red letter day. Nagpur eves had never won the inter-district championship be it in juniors or seniors. And when they did it, they did it in style by bagging the twin titles, winning both the U-17 and U-19 events of the Gracelands Junior State Championship.The scene at the Subhedar Hall were unbelievable as city girls created history shocking Pune in the finals. There were not many people to witness the finals since it was conducted in the morning session but those die-hard fans who were present at the venue will cherish the moment for long.With both the girls teams in the finals, there was anticipation in the air about home team finally breaking the jinx of winning the maiden title.The start, though, was not good as Pune's Revati Devasthale beating sluggish-looking Swatika Butey in the first singles of the U-17 final. The way Swatika played against Revati, it looked the going will be tough for the hosts.However, the turning point of the day came when Vaishnavi Bhale swung into action. She turned the tie on its head with her fabulous performance. For years, Vaishnavi and Swatika were practicing together. The chemistry between the two did the trick for the hosts as they outclassed Pune pair Revati and Shreeya Mali in straight games to force the match into the decider.Vaishnavi carried the momentum of doubles in the reverse singles too as she trounced Sharvari Brahme 21-17, 21-14 to help her team clinch the title with a 2-1 win. Vaishnavi used her drops and cross-court tosses to good effect to dash the hopes of Pune.Unlike the U-17 final, the U-19 final turned out to be a one-sided affair. Rasika Raje lived up to her reputation to win both singles and doubles. The talented left-hander rose to the occasion -- just like Vaishnavi did few hours ago -- to help the hosts seal the fate of Pune.Rasika brushed aside the challenge of Kalyani Limaye in the singles. The Pune pair of Radhika Joshi and Shruti Mundada found the left-right combination of Rasika and Swatika too hot to handle in the doubles.As expected, in the boys section, hot favourites Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Association (MSDBA) made a clean sweep to retain their titles. In both the finals, MSDBA thrashed their arch-rivals Thane 2-0, thanks to the efforts of Harsheel Dani and Shlok Ramchandran. They were well supported by Chirag Shetty and Kaushal Dharmamer.Gracelands chairman Shekhar Jadhao, NDBA president Balbir Singh Renu and secretary Mangesh Kashikar distributed the prizes.Results (All Finals)U-17 girls: Nagpur bt Pune 2-1 (Swatika Butey lost to Revati Devasthale 12-21, 7-21; Swatika Butey-Vaishnavi Bhale bt Revati Devasthale-Shreeya Mali 21-15, 21-12; Vaishnavi Bhale bt Sharvari Brahme 21-17, 21-14).U-19 girls: Nagpur bt Pune 2-0 (Rasika Raje bt Kalyani Limaye 21-16, 21-16; Rasika Raje-Swatika Butey bt Radhika Joshi-Shruti Mundada 21-16, 21-18).U-17 boys: MSDBA bt Thane 2-0 (Harsheel Dani bt Akendra Darjee 21-10, 21-9; Chirag Shetty-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Amey Pawar-Vighnesh Devalekar 18-21, 21-18, 21-15).U-19 boys: MSDBA bt Thane 2-0 (Harsheel Dani bt Kabir Kanzarkar 21-15, 21-18; Shlok Ramchandran-Harsheel Dani bt Abhishek Kulkarni-Vighnesh Devalekar 21-10, 17-21, 21-15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16375530", "title": "Women warn of stir against wine shop reopening", "text": "GONDIA: Women from Ghumadhawada near Adani Thermal Plant in Tiroda tehsil are furious as the state minister of excise Ganesh Naik stayed the prohibition, which they had managed to bring after several efforts, paving way for reopening of the wine shop. At a press conference on Tuesday, they demanded suspension of district superintendent of state excise, Shivraj Dhote, and also gave a three-day ultimatum to the administration to close the wine shop or face severe agitation.There was prohibition in Dhumadhawa village for the last many years. However, things started to change after the thermal plant was set up. Finding potential for liquor sale, a wine shop was started without taking the villagers into confidence. Women from the village opposed this and 66 per cent of them voted in favour of prohibition during the meeting held on this issue on August 1. Subsequently, the district collector closed down this wine shop on August 8.However, this wine shop has opened again. When contacted, district excise superintendent Shivraj Dhote said after the collector's order, the wine shop owner made an appeal, as per section 137 of state excise law, to the state excise commissioner and filed a review petition with state excise minister Ganesh Naik, as per section 138, to stay the closure order till the decision of the excise commissioner. \"On the basis of this application, the minister has given the temporary stay. So, the women need not panic,\" he said.On demand for his suspension, Dhote said he had no role to play in the stay on prohibition. \"I have already informed the superintendent of police and if the women launch agitation after three days, then the police will take care of the law and order situation,\" he added.The ladies present in the press conference included president of vigilance committee Kalabai Bisen, president of TMS Ghanshyam Katre, president of HRC, Madhuri Rahangdale Wanita Thakare, Sarita Turkar, Indrakala Rahanagdale, Shyamrao Zarariya and Chamunabi Kokore were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376224", "title": "Two arrested for stealing two-wheelers", "text": "PUNE: Two youths were arrested on Tuesday by the Faraskhana police for stealing two-wheelers, 11 of which were recovered from them.Sachin Ramesh Chavan (19) and Nikhil Jalindar Gundgal (20) of Shelke Vasti, Mulshi taluka, were arrested by a team led by senior police inspector Anant Rajeshirke.Police sub-inspector Geeta Bagwade, who is investigating the case, said that police constable Naresh Balsane had received a tip-off that two persons would be coming to Ganesh Peth to sell a scooter which had no documents. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the duo on Tuesday,\" Bagwade said. When the police asked for documents, the duo failed to furnish them. \"During interrogation, they admitted that they had stolen the scooter. They also admitted to stealing motorcycles from Haveli, Kothrud, Paud and Faraskhana,\" Bagwade said.She said the police have recovered 11 two-wheelers\"The youths would steal the vehicles by using duplicate keys. Investigations have also revealed that Chavan was earlier arrested by the Kothrud police in connection with another vehicle theft case,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16379210", "title": "Bokaro administration comes down heavily on schools without affiliation", "text": "BOKARO: The district education department is gearing up to verify how many schools in the district are affiliated to state or central education boards. It intends to come down heavily on the ones that bear no affiliation.The move comes in the wake of the recent instances where many schools have been found to be running without any affiliation, especially in the urban areas of the district. In the past decade, a number of schools have come up in various areas of Bokaro. There is a need to check their authorisation for the benefit of the students. DSE Purender Vikram Sahi on Wednesday directed block education officers (BEOs) to identity the schools running in their area, asking them to submit the documents related to their affiliation and other essential documents required to run a school.Sahi said, \"Many preparatory and primary schools are running without affiliation from any board, which amounts to violation of rule. The schools must have affiliation either to the state education board or Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) or Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), among others.\"He said that a letter in this regard has been sent through the BEOs to all the schools in the district asking them to submit the affiliation-related documents. Besides, they have also been asked to provide details related to qualification, salary and date of appointment of their teaching and non-teaching staff. The education department has also asked the schools to provide details of the number of students studying in their institution, number of students given admission in entry class and number of students belonging to the backward classes.\"Schools which will not submit affiliation documents would be given some time to obtain and submit it later, failing which they will be shut down by the administration,\" said Sahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16377056", "title": "Girls protest frequent power cuts at Bharathidasan University hostels", "text": "TRICHY: Residents of three girls' hostels in Bharathidasan University on Wednesday protested against the administration's inefficiency in providing even basic amenities to the students. As many as 750 women students staged the protest against the inadequate water facility and frequent power cuts in the hostels.The students, residing in three hostels - Ponni, Mullai and Kurinji inside the university campus, sat in front of the hostels early in the morning to raise their voice against the water scarcity and power crisis in the hostels.They complained that the administration did not take any step to provide them with water for the past two months. Due to this, they had to undergo a lot of inconvenience, the students charged.It was the second protest by the students since July 25, when more than 350 students had protested against the management for not appointing a warden for the hostel.However, the registrar of the university, Aruchamy, had, by that time said that no professor was interested to double up as wardens. Eventually, one Amsaveni took charge, who is still continuing as the warden.On the information about Wednesday's protest, Aruchamy and Amsaveni appeared before the students and tried to pacify them. He also assured them to depute a dedicated person for managing the water supply and to provide a power generator for uninterrupted power supply. But they refused to disperse and shifted their protest to the main gate of the university.\"They exaggerated the problem. Actually, there are three borewells for providing water supply to the hostels. One of them was not functioning yesterday (Tuesday) due to power interruption. However, adequate water was available in rest of the hostels for all the students,\" Aruchamy told TOI.\"Even today (Wednesday), we arranged to supply water through trucks but the students refused to allow the vehicles into the campus. Considering all these issues, the professors are unwilling to double up as wardens,\" he added.However, the students finally dispersed upon assurance by the registrar that a power generator would be installed very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kareha village (allahabad)", "code": "16378002", "title": "Scheme brings potable water to parched throats in two villages", "text": "KAREHA VILLAGE (ALLAHABAD): The law of relativity tells us that everything in our world is only made real by its relationship or comparison to something. And where the lives of people and their basic needs are involved, little changes in relation to the past are sometimes enough to bring smiles.Ask Rukmini, who earlier spent three hours to fetch a bucket of contaminated water from a well in the distance, the only source of water for the 4,500 inhabitants of her village.\"Since it took so long, fetching water was pretty much everything women did every day. However, the water was contaminated, and made our children fall sick frequently,\" she recalls.But a simple gesture from the State has changed all of that. After the Village Potable Water &amp; Sanitary Committee (VPWSC) successfully installed a potable water supply pipeline plan under Rajiv Gandhi National Rural Potable Mission, Rukmini, or anyone else in the village, can get a bucket of clean, fresh potable water from the tap within minutes.\"Every person in the community is getting 55 litres of water everyday, and people have been coordinating to improve the scenario,\" she excitedly says, representing the enthusiasm of thousands of people who are elated with the one tubewell, pumping plant, pump house and 65,000 liter capacity overhand tank that now provide them better water supply facilities.District Development Officer (DDO), RC Pandey told TOI, \"Currently, 90 houses of the village are getting direct supply from the over-head tank while others were getting clean potable water supply through 15 public stand posts\". He said the village earlier had only one well and two handpumps, which were grossly insufficient, and dispensed contaminated water.The village was selected under the Swajal Dharan scheme of the Rajiv Gandhi Rural Potable water Mission and work has been carried out phase-wise to bring potable water to the people.Mankoo, another resident of the village, says, \"Now that it is easier for women to procure water, they have been concentrating on self-employment. The health of the children has also improved.\" The connection holders are depositing Rs 20 to the village committee treasury for maintenance of the equipment and electricity expenditure.Another beneficiary under the scheme is Mahori Reewa village under Karchana block where a population of 4,100 now gets potable water supply, a far cry from the past. An inhabitant said, \"The entire village relied on two hand-pumps, and women were spending at least five hours everyday to fetch a few buckets of water.\" Here, the maintenance of the equipment and electricity bills are borne by the villagers, who contribute Rs 50 each. 65 families have taken direct connection from the over-head tank while the others get water from five public stands.Mahori resident Mansukh said, \"Our children were easy prey for scabies, diarrhoea and other water-borne diseases, but the situation has changed for the better now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375458", "title": "Four girls rescued from red-light area", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police, following a tip-off from a private NGO based in Pune, rescued four girls after raiding a brothel on Dargah Road on Wednesday in the notorious red light area of Ganga Jamuna. The girls, likely to be minors, would be sent for medical examination for assessment of their age.The police stormed the building and also arrested Parveen Chhadi, who was managing the brothel. A police team under senior PI Rajesh Unawane, PSI DS Ingley and others barged into the rooms from where the girls were rescued. Two of the girls are from Rajasthan while the rest were from Madhya Pradesh.Sources said that one Guddu Thakur is the current owner of the place, but the police are set to ask for ownership records from the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. Apart from Chhadi, the actual owner of the building could also be made a co-accused in the case.It is learnt that NGO Freedom Firm had information about a minor being forced into flesh trade at Thakur's building. The raid was conducted after the NGO contacted senior officers with the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376596", "title": "No foul play behind Fiza's death, investigations to continue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the special panel of doctors claimed that the nature of Fiza Mohammed's death was \"suicidal\" and not \"homicidal,\" police on Tuesday decided to conduct further investigations, despite maintaining that no foul play was found behind her death.Referring to the postmortem report of Fiza, SSP (Mohali) Gurpreet Singh Bhullar, said, \"Fiza's death was ascribed to poisoning due to presence of aluminum phosphate insecticide and ethyl alcohol. The medical board has made it clear that there were no chances that insecticide was forcibly injected in her body.\"Bhullar said police will not close investigations into Fiza's death at this stage and circumstances, in which she died, were being investigated. The highly decomposed body of former advocate general, Fiza Mohammed, aka Anuradha Bali, was recovered from her house in Sector 48 here on August 6. The medical report by pathology department of Rajindra Govt Medical College in Patiala has remained inclusive as the decomposed heart of deceased Fiza was not found fit for forensic examination.A member of special investigation team (SIT), which was formed for probing the mysterious death of Fiza, said, \"The house of Fiza, which is in the possession of district police, would be searched again and the scene of Fiza's death could be reconstructed.\"Meanwhile, police were yet to check the three lockers of deceased Fiza Mohammed, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16375439", "title": "Patel involved in scam, alleges Patole", "text": "BHANDARA: \"Union heavy industries minister and senior NCP leader Praful Patel is involved in the Rs 27,000 crore civil aviation scam. His name has prominently figured in the CAG report submitted to Parliament. Being a member of Parliament from the Bhandara and Gondia constituency, he has brought disrepute to both districts. We are ashamed that such a tainted personality is a public representative,\" alleged BJP MLA Nana Patole at a press conference held at circuit house on Tuesday.\"Despite being a minister, Patel has done nothing for the constituency which continues to remain backward. Before Patel took charge of the civil aviation ministry, the country's flagship carriers - Indian Airlines and Air India - were making money. Later, due to the scam, both the carriers became bankrupt with employees not being paid salaries for months on end. Ultimately, the central government came to the rescue by announcing a package to bail out the airlines,\" said Patole.Last week, hundreds of members belonging to Youth Against Corruption and the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad came to Gondia demanding Patel's resignation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16374535", "title": "Cabinet OKs 1320MW power plant in Banka", "text": "A coal-based thermal power plant of 1320MW would soon be set up at Prabhawatinagar in Banka district. The state cabinet on Tuesday approved an industries department's proposal to allow private investment of Rs 7,260 crore by Kolkata-based Ericsson Power Limited for setting up the proposed power plant. Cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravikant said the proposed plant would have two units of 660MW each.The education department's proposal to sanction Rs 40 crore for payment of salary and allowances of teachers and non-teaching employees of 531 non-government affiliated Sanskrit schools during the current financial year also got the nod of cabinet which also allowed immediate release of Rs 20 crore, out of Rs 40 crore, for payment of six months' arrear salaries of the teachers and non-teaching employees.The cabinet also approved two separate proposals of Home (police) department for 844 posts of different categories for the Bihar Military Police (BMP) Training Centre at Dumraon in Buxar district and the District Police (Constables) Training Centre at Simultala in Jamui district.The planning and development department's proposal was also approved for creation of 206 posts to strengthen the department's existing 'planning system' in accordance with the necessities and modern concept for proper implementation of different schemes.It also approved a cabinet secretariat proposal for taking advance of Rs 1.94 crore from the Bihar Contingency Fund for the construction of 'Rajendra Mandap' on the Raj Bhavan premises. The mandap would be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on October 3.The cabinet also approved a finance department's proposal to make available vehicle loan to all state government employees through the Central Bank of India.However, the bank would not provide any special concession to the employees under the scheme.Four separate proposals of water resources department were also given green signal to grant administrative approval of Rs 106.26 crore for repair, strengthening and raising of the height of different embankments, including Khagaria town protection embankment-Part 2, Sikrahta- Manjhari lower embankment from village Mahua to Parsauni and Burhi Gandak right embankment from Paharpur to Balua.The cabinet further approved an agriculture department's proposal to grant administrative approval of Rs 105.65 crore for three financial year (2012-13 to 2014-15) for the proposed modernization of the combined agriculture building, training centre and residential buildings, situated on the agriculture premises at Mithapur.It also approved an education department's proposal to sanction Rs 1.13 crore to the AN Sinha Institute of Social Studies, Patna, under non-plan head for the current fiscal.Four separate %proposals of water resources department were also given green signal to grant administrative approval of Rs 106.26 crore for repair, strengthening and raising of the height of different embankments, including Khagaria town protection embankment-Part 2, Sikrahta- Manjhari lower embankment %from village Mahua to Parsauni and Burhi Gandak %right embankment from Paharpur to Balua.The state cabinet further approved an agriculture department's proposal to %grant administrative approval of Rs 105.65 crore for %three financial year (2012-13 to 2014-15) for the proposed %modernization of the %combined agriculture building, training centre and %residential buildings, situated on the agriculture premises at Mithapur. It also approved an %education department's proposal to sanction Rs 1.13 %crore to the AN Sinha Institute of Social Studies, Patna, under non-plan head for the current fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375414", "title": "Work on Kherwadi flyover to start in January", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars can soon expect a smooth, signal-free drive on the Western Express Highway (WEH), as the Kherwadi junction near Bandra is all set to get a flyover. Construction for the Rs 38-crore structure, which will be the 13th flyover on WEH, is expected to begin in January 2013.The MMRDA on Wednesday invited tenders from private contractors to build the 580-m six-lane flyover. The traffic signal at the Kherwadi junction currently contributes 15 minutes of travel time during peak hour traffic on the WEH. With the proposed flyover, vehicles can traverse the WEH without encountering a single signal.This junction gets heavy traffic from Bandra (E) and Khar and from both ends (Kalanagar and Santa Cruz) of the WEH during peak hours. The 25-m wide flyover will be the last flyover at any junction on the 25km WEH stretch from Bandra to Dahisar and may be the second-last in the city. The project has a 18-month deadline.The flyover plan was put on hold due to construction activity on WEH flyovers at Santa Cruz, Malad and Dindoshi, work on the elevated Milan and Sahar roads, and Metro work along the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16373938", "title": "Sir Alex will continue as long as he is fit: Bryan Robson", "text": "BANGALORE: Bryan Robson's glorious legacy needs no introduction. Manchester United's longest-serving captain and one of the most gifted midfielders, Robson guided the Reds to two Premiership titles and three FA Cup victories, the only player in the 20th century to have achieved this feat.Now, after over 800 games and more than 170 goals, 'Captain Marvel' Robson is in India on a mission. A mission to spot the country's most talented young footballers and give them a shot at the United experience. Excerpts:Fergie's recipe for success?He has great passion for football. He motivates his players well. He has an eye to spot a top player and that's why he's stayed at United for so long. That's what makes him such a top manager.Who will succeed Sir Alex?People have been asking this for the last 6-7 years and he's still there. As long as he is healthy and fit, Sir Alex is going to be there, hopefully for another 6-7 years.Is Mourinho a candidate?(Laughs) I don't know. Maybe you will have to ask David Gill (United chief executive) about that.On Persie's arrivalIt's great for United to have signed Van Persie. City were interested to sign him, but Van Persie was determined to play for United because he loved the club's tradition. Not every player goes for money, some do make decisions for their careers as well.City versus United?City are a strong side but with the signing of Van Persie we are a lot stronger than what we were last year. Also, we cannot dismiss European champions Chelsea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16376919", "title": "Mandrem man booked for bungling Rs 5.74 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday booked an offence against Dattaprasad Naik, resident of Mandrem, on charges of misappropriating an amount of 5,74,646 belonging to his employer, Kevin Antao.In a complaint lodged with the Margao police, Antao said that the accused collected money from his various clients in Margao, Sanvordem, Cuncolim and Canacona, but didn't hand over the same to him.Acting on the complaint, the Margao police registered an offence against Naik under Section 408 of the IPC and further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379892", "title": "Kamal Haasan inspires song in Aiyaa!", "text": "Rani Mukherji is working with south star Prithviraj in Aiyaa where he plays a south Indian. The latest news is that Kamal has inspired an 80s style song in the flick.Apparently, the Tamil actor, who has in fact worked with Rani in Hey Ram , is the reason why Dreamum Wakeupm has turned out to be what it is today. The funky number is even choreographed like an 80s style song and based on steps that Kamal would do. Top choregrapher Vaibhavi Merchant has done the number and she has ensured that she researched it well while Rani practiced well for the number. In this movie, Rani plays a Marathi lass who wants a 'kaalu' for a hubby and falls in love with Prithviraj.Interestingly, the song was shot at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad where a lot of south films are shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374135", "title": "SHRC urged to ban talent tests for students", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP Child Rights Association moved the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Wednesday seeking a ban on talent examinations conducted for school students.Citing a court order which bans any kind of entrance, talent or reward exam for students up to Class X, the petitioner demanded that the tests to be conducted by FIITJEE institutions for the students from Classes IV to X on September 23 and October 28 be stopped.Achyuta Rao, president of the association said, \"These tests are a clear violation of the Right to Education Act and rights of children.\"These children are made to write this test in the name of talent examination and then they are influenced to join certain corporate schools. This has been the practice for some time now\".Admitting the case, the commission has directed the director, school education, to submit a report on this issue by November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374352", "title": "A decongestion plan in the making", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to decongest city streets and free space for streamlining traffic, a detailed plan of action is being formulated jointly by the Coimbatore Municipal Corporation and city traffic police in collaboration with senior officials of state transport corporation and Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation. The main agenda is to introduce traffic alterations, remove structures and encroachments that are obstructing the movement of vehicles and ensure public safety. Installation of proper medians on streets will be completed in the coming days. Joint inspections will be carried out in the city based on the initial recommendations and measures will be put in place. Some of these measures will be implemented ahead of the coming festival season of Diwali on an experimental basis.A high level meeting of officials chaired by city mayor SM Velusamy was held recently and at least 21 recommendations were discussed in this regard. City police commissioner AK Viswanathan, DCP (Crime and Traffic) T Senthilkumar and Coimbatore Corporation Commissioner TK Ponnusamy were some of the officials who attended the meeting. Some of the immediate steps to be undertaken include the relocation of 12 bus shelters near busy traffic signals and the shifting of electric poles obstructing traffic at 13 locations. A joint inspection of the bus shelters were conducted by officials from the city corporation, regional transport office and city traffic police.\"We have completed the inspections and the final report will be submitted soon. All these bus shelters obstructing traffic will be relocated, although the shifting of the one in Mettupalayam road is doubtful,\" said a senior official part of the inspection team.The identified bus shelters to be relocated or removed are on Avianshi Road, Trichy Road, Mettupalayam Road and also on busy commercial stretches on DB Road, Oppanakara Street and Raja Street. The corporation at the moment has 285 bus shelters and is planning to build 97 more shelters especially in the recently added areas. It has also leased out these bus shelters to private parties and are earning around Rs 2.4 crore annually. The civic body has also collected about RS 8.5 lakh in penalties from private parties who failed to maintain the shelters.The city corporation has asked EB officials to conduct an inspection and submit a report in the next 15 days pointing out the electric poles and transformers to be removed. There are at least six electric poles on Cross Cut Road near Gandhipuram that traffic police identified as obstructing traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16379770", "title": "IIT Kharagpur helps Indian rail speed up", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the world has reached a speed of 330 kilometres per hour on rail, the best that India could achieve has been a little over 130 kilometres per hour. But it is high time that we too sped up, feels the Indian Railways and with this intent, it has entrusted IIT Kharagpur with the responsibility of providing the technological knowhow. The research is to happen at the newly opened Railway Research Centre of IIT Kharagpur and work has already started. The goal is to immediately increase the maximum attainable speed to 200 kilometres per hour. Experts who have workd in the railway board are however askance. They feel that over the past two decades the focus of the railways has been to keep the fare low, even if it is at the cost of not improving the infrastructure or spending to augment safety of rail travel. To introduce high speed trains the centre will have to re-lay tracks at a cost of Rs 100 crores per kilometer, which is a mammoth expenditure that the railways are not prepared for. So why this exercise?The project that IIT Kharagpur has received is four pronged and is aimed at improving not only the speed but the general efficiency of moving trains, keeping the present infrastructure in mind. A total of three years time has been allotted to the centre within which time it should come up with solutions to the specific problems that have been earmarked by the Railway Board, the apex administrative body of the Indian Railways.Four broad areas have been identified as \"immediate needs\" by the railways - improving speed, imrpoving carrying capacity (heavy haul), use of advanced material, advanced signalling and maintenance for better safety. A total of eight IIT Kgp departments have started work in tandem for this.\"Speed is a priority for the railways at the moment. However, as things stand now, it is not possible to haul it up from the existing 130 kilometres per hour to the desired 330 kilometres per hour. Countries that have been able to achieve this use a completely different rail technology. So we have decided to do it in stages. We will first provide the technical support that will help to increase the speed to 200 kilometres per hour,\" explained Siddhartha Mukherjee, a senior faculty member who heads the centre and is leading the research.Nearly 100 faculty members and research scholars are working together on the project that involves electrical, ciomputer science, mechanical, metallurgy, civil, rubber technology, electronics and aeronautical engineering departments. There is a lot of excitement on campus over this mammoth project and faculty members say that a project of such magnitude has never been tried before.One of the key experiments happenening at the moment in the institute's laboratories is whether a different quality of steel should be used both in the construction of the rails as well as the coaches. One of the options that the scientists are looking at, is Bainitic Steel. \"It is unparalleled in its malleability and ductility. The most advanced railway systems in the world have already been using this steel. However, we will also have to consider mass availability of this kind of steel and the cost effectiveness,\" informed Mukherjee. This steel is being considered especially because the Railway Board has asked the institute to provide the knowhow so that the load carrying capacity can be sharply increased. \"We will have to use the hypothetical load and study the resultant stress and strain over a long period of time before arriving at a conclusion. The material used to build the compartments and the design of the compartments will also go through changes to increase efficiency,\" said a faculty member involved in the project.The recent spate of accidents have also induced the railways to ask the institute to imrpove the signalling quality. While in the more advanced systems in the world, fully computerised cab signalling is in vogue, India still follows the old rail side signalling technique. \"We have been told that the idea was not to completely change the old pattern but to improve efficieny of the existing signalling system by developing an analytic signalling logic design tool,\" Mukherjee explained.While briefing the institute about the future safety standards that the railway board had set out to achieve through indigenous technological support, the institute was asked to improve the efficiency of hundreds of railway bridges. \"We are developing a censor system that will study the vibrations and wear and tear caused everytime that a train moves through a bridge. This will be charted on graphs so that the maximum strain can be studied and plotted to see if strengthening of the bridge is needed. The censor will be able to identify the spots on the bridge that need reinforcement,\" Mukherjee said.SR Thakur, former additional member of the railway board feels that a national debate should start on whether the priority of the railways is to augment speed or whether it is to improve safety. \"Huge funds are needed if high speed trains that run above 180 kilometres per hour are introduced. That is because the existing tracks will have to be taken out and new tracks laid. These tracks will have to be made of a different quality steel and will have to be laid on an elevated platform with no level crossings in between. Also the present kind of signaling will not work and cab signaling will have to be introduced. To do this Rs 100 crores per kilometer will have to be spent. Where will this money come from?\" Thakur asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378244", "title": "Cong, BJD lock horns over Coalgate scam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After the Congress' Assembly gherao and Odisha bandh programmes during the past week, the main Opposition party in the state is bracing up for a verbal duel with the ruling BJD over Coalgate.Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanswamy and AICC general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler arrived here on Wednesday evening and are likely to launch a fresh offensive against Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik over the coal issue. Narayanswamy said in tune with the Congress president's direction he would talk about coal block allotment at a press conference on Thursday in the presence of Tytler.The Congress, in its bid to pin down Naveen, had couple of weeks ago released some letters wherein the Odisha government had opposed auctioning of coal blocks. In its defence, the ruling BJD has said that Naveen had in various communiques to the Centre stressed on value addition of minerals and adoption of competitive bidding (or auction) for grant of natural resources. \"Competitive bidding should be the general methodology for grant of limited national resources. It is a transparent mechanism; will result in selection of meritorious applicants and will ensure maximum gain to the state and the community,\" Naveen said in a letter on January 6, 2011, to then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.In August, Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had trained his guns on non-Congress CMs, including Naveen, saying the Centre could not go for coal block allocation through open bidding owing of stiff resistance from coal-rich states such as Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Rajasthan and Bengal, which feared that auctioning would cause spiralling of coal prices.Naveen had countered Jaiswal, pointing out coal was a subject on which the Centre had complete authority. \"Our state government has been asking for an auction-based system for allocation of mineral resources, including coal, for the last few years. While the Centre has done it for coal recently, it is yet to do it for other minerals,\" Naveen had said. State government officers said Naveen had favoured competitive bidding for minerals in a letter on December 8, 2010, to then Union minister for mines B K Handique and also in a joint memorandum (alongside Chhattisgarh CM Dr Raman Singh ) submitted to Union finance minister on October 12, 2010.However, the Congress, which is on the backfoot after CAG last month estimated a presumptive loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore due to faulty allocation of coal blocks to private companies, has accused Naveen of opposing coal auction in 2005 and said the Odisha CM has in his letters dealt on minerals covered under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, not the Coal Act.Union ministers Salman Khurshid and Ghulam Nabi Azad , too, had earlier said Naveen had recommended coal block allocations to private companies like Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL). Naveen's recommendation in 2002 for allocation of Utkal B-1 coal block in Talcher to JSPL had led to cancellation of allotment of the coal block to a power project proposed by another company (M/s Talcher Mining Private Limited), they alleged.Ever since coalgate hogged the headlines another letter, written on July 25, 2005, by then state industries secretary G C Pati, to the Prime Minister's Office, too has surfaced, causing consternation to the BJD. Pati's letter opposed competitive bidding for allocation of coal blocks for captive use on grounds that it would be unfair on investors, who had not been allocated coal blocks.\"Even cases where the state government has signed MoU for investment in mineral-based industries based on the central policy will suffer,\" the letter observed, noting that open bidding would erode the state government's authority to recommend cases for allocation of captive coal blocks on the basis of investment. \"This will be a serious disadvantage for states with rich mineral resources,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379445", "title": "Mamta Vahan a hit among rural women", "text": "RANCHI: Mamta Vahan, a round-the-clock transport facility available at panchayats to bring rural pregnant women to health centres for institutional deliveries, is a big hit among the women in the state as over 1 lakh calls received for the facility in 2011-12.The women, especially who stay in remote and inaccessible areas, are now able to avail the facility as a result of which the rate of institutional deliveries and transit death (death of pregnant woman on way to hospitals) has improved.This service, a joint collaboration of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and the Unicef , started on July 4 last year. According to data available with the Health Management Information System, the institutional deliveries have increased by 7% in the state and 12% in Ranchi district. The transit death rates have reduced from 17% to 5% since 2011-12. In the 4,471 panchayats in the state, there are 2,500 registered Mamta Vahans of which 151 vehicles are in Ranchi district where one vehicle is meant for two panchayats.\"Initially, we started this project in Khunti district which was later adopted by the NRHM. The vehicles owners have signed a memorandum of understanding with the NRHM which is funding the vehicles. There are sahiyyas in each village whom the relatives of the pregnant woman inform. She then gets in touch with the Mamta Vahan call centres,\" said Job Zachariah, Unicef, state head. \"This has helped the women get timely help to reach the nearest primary or community health centre. We are trying to get access more such areas which are difficult terrains.\"Sadar Hospital in Ranchi has a call centre where such calls are made frequently. \"The minimum number of calls per day is 20 and maximum is 40. The total number of calls in the Ranchi district call centre in 2011 was 3,299 and 6,571 till August 2012,\" said Anjali Toppo, the call centre operator.After receiving the calls, the call centre operators locate the area following which the driver of that area is informed and the health centre is given prior information so that they are ready. \"The sahiyya then assists the women along with her family members in the vehicle to the health centre. Even after the delivery, the woman is dropped at her place. Most of the calls usually come at night.\"Roopa Devi, a sahiyya from Namkom, said, \"We are happy that we are providing such services to the poor women and many of them come from remote areas. The facility has helped women reach the hospital on time. My job is also then to collect the data and submit it to Sadar Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16374704", "title": "ATM thief's relative hands over 32 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the driver of a cash van fled with Rs 78 lakh meant for ATMs, the police recovered over 40% of the amount from one of his relatives. Arun Waghmare, the driver, is still at large and is believed to have joined hands with a colleague, Satish Angle, who, too, is missing.Waghmare (29) is an employee of Writer Safeguard Pvt Ltd, which takes contracts for ATM replenishment and maintenance. On Tuesday, while his colleagues were loading cash in an HDFC Bank ATM in Kandivli (West), Waghmare drove off with the remaining money. The van was found abandoned at another Kandivli location.\"He went straight to the residence of his wife's uncle, Laxman Gaikwad, in Kandarpada, Dahisar. The 80-year-old Gaikwad is bedridden. Waghmare kept his sack of money in the loft of the flat before leaving,\" said a police officer. \"When Laxman's son Balu returned home, the octogenarian told him Waghmare had dropped by. Balu found the sack of cash and was stunned when he heard Waghmare's name in television news reports about the theft. Balu handed over the sack, which contained Rs 32 lakh, to the MHB Colony police.\"The crime branch has detained some of Waghmare's relatives for questioning. \"When Waghmare came to Gaikwad's place, he was accompanied by Angle,\" ACP Jaywant Hargude said. A police team has gone to Beed, where the duo hails from.Angle was in the past booked in a case of assault. Call records show he was in touch with Waghmare on Tuesday, the day of the crime. Also, he had taken the day off from work.The police have not ruled out the involvement of more people in the case.\"The lock of the trunk that held the cash inside the van was broken with a hammer. Also, tools were found, which are believed to be Waghmare's,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, the police are also making inquiries with a political party worker who had dashed off a letter of ' good character' to Waghmare to enable him to get a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375361", "title": "Central Industrial Security Force man reinstated 20 years after sacking", "text": "GURGAON: A court has directed the reinstatement of a CISF personnel with his full back wages and benefits 20 years after he was sacked. Hawa Singh had allegedly threatened his colleagues in drunk state. Senior civil judge Ajay Pandey ordered Singh's reinstatement as the findings were contrary to the facts on record.\"The contention of the plaintiff that the inquiry findings were not based on the facts and material available on record and are contrary to them, is held to be proved,\" the judge said.According to the CISF report, an intoxicated Singh had abused and misbehaved with his colleagues on the night of February 27, 1992. The inquiry official, in his report, had said Singh not only threatened to kill a CISF head constable with his gun but also attempted to strangulate ASI Raja Ram.Singh was removed from service on August 7, 1992 and DIG CISF also upheld his removal on December 8, 1992. In his petition to the court against his removal, Singh had contented that the charges against him were vague, false and baseless and the inquiry against him was conducted in an unfair and illegal manner and the inquiry officer had ignored material facts and witnesses in the case.Singh had also alleged that Raja Ram, with the intention of harassing him, had manhandled him in the presence of 20 other persons. Refuting Singh's allegations, the CISF group commandant had told the court that he was given a free and fair trial in the departmental inquiry and was given an opportunity to defend himself.The court dismissed the group commandant's arguments after perusing the inquiry proceedings documents containing the testimonies of Singh's colleagues who had told the court that on the night of February 27, 1992, it was he who was being manhandled by Raja Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376015", "title": "IAF's stand is commendable", "text": "The Indian Air Force is absolutely right in backing the pilot who took the decision not to fly Rahul Gandhi and the Assam chief minister from Kokrajhar to Assam. The pilot must be commended for standing his ground and the IAf for backing him. Whether or not the weather in the area was safe for flying is a decision that must be left to him and not to the VIP passengers. Equally, the two VIPs must be applauded for accepting his decision. We hope that other VIPs too will recognise that there are situations where they have to accept the decisions of those better equipped to take them.Related story:  IAF lauds pilot who refused to ferry Rahul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374748", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder case: Witness says magistrate, investigating officer missed detail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The investigating officer and the magistrate in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case may have omitted recording an important observation, a CBI witness told the Ghaziabad court hearing the case, on Wednesday.Dr Rohit Kocchar, a friend of Aarushi's father Dr Rajesh Talwar, was asked by defence lawyers why the account he gave on Tuesday was not part of the statement recorded before the magistrate under sections 161 and 164 of CrPC. He replied, \"I don't know why the investigating officer and the magistrate did not record this in my statement earlier\".Defence lawyer Satyaketu Singh said, \"It clearly shows that he improvised his statement in court on Tuesday\".Kocchar claimed on Wednesday that he had told the magistrate on December 15, 2008 that a policeman had asked Talwar for the key to the terrace, but this was not recorded. \"The magistrate was writing whatever I was saying. I did not read the statement before signing it,\" he said.On Tuesday, Kocchar had told court, \"I saw bloodstains on the handle of the terrace door. There were other people on the terrace landing with us as well, and one of them called a policeman. After that, the policeman asked Rajesh Talwar for the key to the terrace lock. He went inside the flat and didn't come out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376535", "title": "Amritsar Improvement Trust case: HC notice to Punjab, vigilance bureau on Captain's plea to shift trial", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition filed by former Punjab chief minister and PPCC president Amarinder Singh , seeking transfer of the trial pertaining to Amritsar Improvement Trust case from Mohali court to any other outside Punjab, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued notice to the vigilance bureau, Punjab, and state government. The court has directed them to respond to the contentions raised by Capt.The former chief minister has argued that in view of his political rivalry with the Badals, the trial could not be held in a fair manner in Punjab, as the public prosecutor could not be presumed to be impartial. Apprehending pressure on the vigilance bureau during the trial of cases against him, he submitted that the job of a public prosecutor was to assist the court and inform it if any guidelines were being violated.He further contended that the public prosecutor was under administrative control of the home department of the state government, headed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal.Amarinder has also argued that investigating officer Surinder Pal Singh, being prosecuted for perjury, was also a prime witness in the case. It was further argued that Surinder Pal is still serving with the state vigilance bureau after getting extension in service and there are chances that he may not depose independently.The high court has now fixed the case for further hearing on October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379481", "title": "Passport music launched", "text": "The music launch of Bengali film 'Passport' took place grandly at a fun event in Kolkata. The film which has been directed by Raj Mukherjee and has been produced by Rahul Banerjee stars Firduas, Gargi Roychoudhury, Mainak , Pratik, Pamela, Ritu, Joy Badlani, Rajesh Sharma,Tua and others.The film has been edited by Tapas Chakrabarty while the cinematographer is V Prabhakar. The screenplay and lyrics is by Priyo Chattopadhyay while the music director is Subhayu. It is all set to release on 14th September.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16379251", "title": "New Mangalore Port receives largest consignment of timber", "text": "MANGALORE: MV Niamul Mowla, carrying 22,000 metric tonnes of timber logs (19,673 pieces) called at New Mangalore Port on September 3. This is the largest consignment of timber logs received and handled at the port. The entire consignment was loaded from Yangoon Port and has been imported by 90 consignees located and based in Kerala, Karnataka, and Maharashtra.The unloading operation is in full swing and the vessel is expected to sail out after discharging the cargo on Saturday. M/s. Dix Shipping is the stevedore and steamer agents of the vessel and clearing and forwarding agents are M/s Export Trade Links and M/s Sri Ganesh Shipping Agency.P Tamilvanan, chairman, NMPT stated that the port is making all out efforts for attracting more cargo, especially traditional cargoes such as timber by providing all infrastructure required for smooth handling of such bulk cargo. During last fiscal, the port handled 2,96,881 metric tonnes of timber logs as against 1,87,793 tonnes handled during the previous year registering 58% growth rate.Referring to the recent visit of delegation from North Malabar Chamber of Commerce, Kannur, chairman expressed happiness over assurance received from the delegation on moving their cargoes such as timber, edible oil and plywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375066", "title": "Can paper bags replace plastic ones in Delhi?", "text": "NEW DELHI: They might be a nuisance for the environment but plastic bags have undoubtedly been of great service. One would think they are precious and rare the way some are stored with care, pressed under mattresses, emerging only on special occasions. Others are stuffed in cupboards or even bigger packets, from where they are regularly pulled out to wrap, pack, throw, even scrub.Now they are likely to be used with even greater care. The latest ban on plastic bags has left Delhiites struggling with ideas to replace plastic. Alternatives to shopping bags are easier to find but where are the substitutes for garbage bags and the food-grade bags used for wrapping meat and selling liquid or semi-liquid items? A big worry for several households is garbage disposal. Lining bins with black plastic bags has become a habit for most but this is also a major issue with the environment department.\"Waste in plastic bags is a major cause of the death of stray animals like cows, since they eat plastic along with the food in bags,\" said an official.\"But then what can we possibly throw out the wet waste in,\" asks Madhu Gupta, a resident of GK-I. \"Throwing waste in unlined bins is not only unhygienic but also messy.\"Even in cities like Chandigarh where plastic has been banned, officials say some plastic use cannot be wished away. However, Bharati Chaturvedi, director of NGO Chintan, says she uses newspaper supplements to line her bins.Arif Qureshi, a meat shop owner in Preet Vihar, says wrapping meat in newspaper is not an option. \"Freshly cut meat cannot be wrapped in newspaper as the print would stick to the meat and is really difficult to get rid of. In fact, any sort of paper would just become soggy and tear immediately\".Kirana store owner Ashish Misra says he has been selling loose pulses, spices and flour in plastic packets for years now and does not know how he will function without them. \"Cloth and jute packaging would be too expensive and paper is not a good option as that would expose the groceries to moisture and lead to fungus and insects\".Sweets seller Pravin Singh says he will use plastic containers for selling curd and liquid items. Monu Garg, a garment retailer, says he will have to get glass cabinets to store his goods if plastic covers are to be avoided. \"If the government is so serious about phasing it out, there have to be suitable substitutes as paper, cloth and jute are not the answer to every problem,\" adds Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375974", "title": "Officials get 24hrs to clear mess", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP action plan for scientific management of garbage envisages roads free of garbage heaps: the jurisdictional sanitary inspectors have been given a 24-hour deadline to remove all waste heaps as and when sought by citizens.The Sakala cover for the BBMP garbage plan means sanitary inspectors will have to compensate the aggrieved in case they fail to clear the mess within 24 hours.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said the draft notification for segregation at source is ready and has been prepared after discussions with contractors, corporators, resident welfare associations (RWAs), NGOs and Bescom.A special council meeting on Thursday will approve the notification. It will also adopt a resolution which will be sent to the assembly to amend the Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act.The mayor himself has issued letters to all joint commissioners on identifying sites to construct dry waste collection centres by Saturday, and submit a final list on September 17. Already, 49 such centres are being constructed in Bangalore East Zone. The mayor announced that all fabrication work for these centres will be completed by October 1.\"The Sakala model will help stick to deadlines and implement the SWM rules. But final approval on the model to be adopted by BBMP regarding waste management will come from the state government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16377267", "title": "Study: Passive smoking may be behind memory loss", "text": "LONDON: Non-smokers who live with or spend time with people who smoke are damaging their memory, a new study has found.The study by Northumbria University is a first of its kind to explore the relationship between exposure to other people's smoke and everyday memory problems.Dr Tom Heffernan and Dr Terence O'Neil, researchers at the Collaboration for Drug and Alcohol Research Group at Northumbria University, compared a group of current smokers with two groups of non-smokers, those who were regularly exposed to secondhand smoke and those who were not. Others exposed to second-hand smoke either lived with smokers or spent time with smokers, for example in a designated \"smoking area,\" and reported being exposed to second-hand smoke for an average of 25 hours a week for an average of four and a half years. Researchers found that non-smokers who had been exposed to secondhand smoke forgot 20% more in the memory tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376403", "title": "Maharashtra to join JEE for engineering from 2014-15", "text": "PUNE: Admissions to engineering colleges in the state during the forthcoming academic year (AY) 2013-14 will be based on the common entrance test (CET) to be conducted by the state government. On Wednesday, the state cabinet approved the department of higher and technical education's (H&TE;) proposal which provides that the state should join the HRD ministry's single entrance test, called the national joint entrance exam (JEE), for engineering admissions from AY 2014-15.The H&TE; proposal also provides for a 50:50 relative weightage to performance in the JEE Main and the school board marks, as the basis for drafting the merit list for engineering admissions in the state. Only the marks scored in physics, chemistry and mathematics will be considered for the 50% school board weightage.The Indian Statistical Institute is working on a formula for normalisation of marks for different school boards including the CBSE, ICSE, IGCSE, IB and state boards. The cabinet's decision puts to rest all speculation over when the state is to join the JEE, which will commence from AY 2013-14 primarily for the centrally-funded technical institutions (CFTIs) like the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), NITs, NIITs etc.During his visit to the city last month, H&TE; minister Rajesh Tope had sounded out the department's plan to recommend the JEE for the state from 2014-15 and a 50:50 relative weightage to performance in JEE Main and school board. It may be noted that the ministry's plan involves conduct of JEE in stages, i.e. the JEE Main and JEE Advanced, the last named is for admissions to the coveted IITs. The ministry had left it for the respective states to decide their own plan about when to join the JEE and what relative weightage to adopt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16377163", "title": "Gang of molesters beats up teen, terrorizes family", "text": "BARASAT: Seventeen-year-old Shuvankar Ghosh is living in terror after being beaten up by a gang that molested his cousin sister in Barasat on Tuesday night.The goons have threatened to murder him and were seen outside his house on Wednesday afternoon, daggers drawn, after Shuvankar's aunt (the girl's mother) filed a police complaint against them. The neighbours, too, are terrified. \"They have said that they will play football with Shuvankar's head and burn his sister with acid,\" said neighbour Sefali Biswas.Shuvankar is the son of a retired home guard and lives in Kshudiram Nagar, not far from Kadambagachhi where a doctor, Bikash Bandhu Mullik, was murdered for taking on a gang of molesters.While police patrol Kadambagachhi, Shuvankar's neighborhood has virtually shut itself in panic.\"I locked my family from outside when I went to the police station. I was fearful all the while. When I came back, I saw the three youths brandishing choppers outside my house and threatening to kill Shuvankar,\" said the boy's aunt Rikta.The three accused are Surya Das, Jhontu Das and Montu Das, aged between 26 and 28 years.\"They take drugs and liquor and abuse women and young girls in broad daylight,\" said Shuvankar's mother China Ghosh.Shuvankar, who is writhing in pain from the injuries sustained in the beating, described the horror of last night. \"They were taking liquor and ganja and throwing abuses at my sister. I protested, but they dragged me out of the house and beat me mercilessly. They assaulted my sister as well and beat up my aunt and uncle,\" he said.Sobita Das a local resident, said: \"We have heard of the Sutia horror (where a gang of rapists struck terror a decade ago). The same horror will be repeated here if these hooligans are not booked. Nobody dares stop them.\"Barasat, the headquarters of North 24-Parganas, has earned notoriety for a series of crimes, including rape, molestation and murder. A couple of senior police officers have been transferred but the crimes do not stop.A police team visited the locality on Wednesday and promised protection to Shuvankar and his family, but they are not convinced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376974", "title": "Gangs target apple merchants with cash bags", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Various gangs of robbers have suddenly become active in Sector 26 these days. Their sole targets are - apple merchants of Himachal Pradesh who carry huge cash with them. The police said these miscreants lured traders with liquor and women and robbed them at secluded places.Eight such robbers have been arrested in the last two days. Two of them were held last year too for the same offence.Spelling caution, the police have asked the traders at grain market to make payments through cheques to avoid such incidents. On Tuesday, four persons had robbed an apple merchant near Sukhna Lake.\"Many apple traders from Shimla, Solan and Kullu come to Sector 26 grain market to sell their harvest in September. Unaware about the city, they become easy targets of the miscreants. They usually carry huge cash with them and miscreants try to befriend them before robbing them of all their belongings,\" said Anokh Singh, station house officer of Sector 26.\"A meeting with apple traders was organized wherein they were told to make transactions through cheques,\" he added.About their modus operandi, a police official said, \"They trap traders with liquor and women. Then, they take the businessmen to small hotels or parks where they along with their accomplices attack them with sharp-edged weapons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376746", "title": "Rajasthan denies info to RTI pioneer Aruna Roy", "text": "JAIPUR: The paradox could not have been bigger. One of the founders of the Right to Information (RTI) Act in the country is having to fight for information herself.National Advisory Council member Aruna Roy recently filed an appeal to the first appellate authority of the administrative reforms department in Rajasthan , in this case the principal secretary of the department, after failing to get proper information on an RTI application filed by her.In her application to the administrative reforms department, Roy has sought information on the appointment of information commissioners (ICs) in Rajasthan. Currently, there is just one Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) in the state and no information commissioners at all.However, the Act provides for the appointment of upto 10 ICs in the state. In the absence of information commissioner , there are nearly 8,000 appeals pending with the commission with a waiting period of at least a year for each appeal.\"Well the Act is a great leveler. Not just me, everybody has to face the same plight,\" Roy joked. But on a serious note she says, \"It is a commentary on the plight of RTI in Rajasthan. It speaks of the sorry plight of the state government which has not yet been able to appoint an information commissioner. It is an embarrassing situation.\"Since the setting up of the information commission in the state in 2006 a CIC as well as a IC was there for only five months. After the retirement of M D Korani as the CIC last year, T Srinivasan \u2014 who was the IC \u2014 was appointed as the CIC on September 2011, leaving the commission without an IC again.Roy had, in her application, sought the minutes of the meeting of the committee for the appointment of information commissioner and the date of the meeting. She has also appealed on not being provided any information by the state administrative reforms department on her query for details of steps initiated for the appointment of ICs.Significantly, documents provided by the administrative reforms department in response to the application reveals that the last time the committee entrusted with the appointment of the CIC and the ICs in the state met was on August 26, 2010 when Srinivasan's appointment as a CIC was finalized. The committee comprises chief minister Ashok Gehlot, leader of opposition and a cabinet minister.Thereafter, there has been no meeting of the committee nor was any effort initiated for such a meeting. Nothing is being done now for the appointment of ICs in the state, the reply to the RTI application states. The reply also states that Rajasthan is yet to reply to a notice of the Jodhpur bench of the Rajasthan High Court, issued during the hearing of a PIL in July 2012. The PIL was file by a RTI activist Dinesh Bothra who had also pointed out a lot of alleged anomalies of the information commission here.\"The non-appointment of ICs has made the commission unconstitutional and goes against the provisions in the Act. The Act states that a person must be provided with information within 48 hours in case the issues pertain to his life or security but here people are having to wait for years. The board hearing the appeals comprises just the CIC and how can just one person constitute a board. Even the appointment of CICs is questionable for until now only retired IAS officers are being appointed when the ACT provides for the appointment of CIC from all sections of the society. Even the Center first advertises for the post once it falls vacant and it is only after that the committee recommends the name,\" says Bothra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374141", "title": "Water Board awaits R&B; green light for Krishna phase-III", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) hopes to get clearance from the roads &amp; buildings (R&B;) department to lay pipeline for the proposed Krishna drinking water supply phase-III project.The HMWS&SB; aims to bring 90 million gallons per day (MGD) of water to Greater Hyderabad through the Krishna phase-III. The government has already given the green signal to the Water Board to take Rs 1,670 crore loan (Rs 1,500 crore from Hudco and the balance from the state government) for the proposed drinking water project. In this regard, the state government had last week issued a GO to release its share, Rs 170 crore, for the drinking water project.\"The Water Board needs to lay around 110-km length pipelines for the project between Kodandapur in Nalgonda district and Sahebnagar in Rangareddy district. Another 62-km length pipeline will be laid for distribution trunk mains to connect with service reservoirs. However, the 62-km length pipeline will crisscross R&B; department jurisdiction,\" a senior HMWS&amp;SB-projects; wing official told TOI.The Water Board had the foresight to identify and acquired land for the Krishna phase-III at the time when detailed project reports (DPRs) were prepared for the phase-I and II of the project. \"We have our own land in Kodandapur to construct a water treatment plant (WTP) with 90 million litres per day (MLD) capacity for Krishna phase-III. The purpose of WTP is to draw raw water from Krishna and treat it,\" he added.The Water Board has identified land to construct reservoirs and mega balancing reservoirs (MBRs) for storage of 117 million litres for the phase-III. Construction of pump houses would be taken up on the Water Board's land.However, it would require permission from the R&B; department for laying distribution lines along the road in Narsanpally, Godakandla, Gungal and Sahebnagar areas, the official said.\"Soon, the Water Board will send a letter to the R&B; department seeking permission to lay the pipeline for the proposed drinking water project. R&B; officials had given permission during Krishna phase I and II. We are expecting a positive response this time too as the project will benefit the city,\" the official added. Meanwhile, Water Board officials are making efforts to get chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to lay the foundation stone for the project next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378906", "title": "Swine flu confirmed in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Alarmed with the rising number of patients found with symptoms of swine flu, health department has finally confirmed its arrival in the city. The sudden spurt in rising number of the flu afflicted patients has left the department officials worried and hence they have advised people to remain in isolation so as to avoid contracting flu.Chief medical and health officer Dr Ashok Dagaria said, \"The situation is alarming and the rising number of patients confirms strike of swine flu in the city. Fluctuating temperature and migration of people only increase the risk of people getting afflicted with the flu. The first three cases reported in the city were from Ujjain, Ratlam and Dhar districts. People should remain in isolation to avoid complications.\"\"Though we have ample stock of medicines, and the officials have already been instructed to check the arrangements in city hospitals,' he added.Meanwhile, on Wednesday, the department sent a fresh lot of eight swab samples for tests to Jabalpur laboratory while on Tuesday night, two more patients were declared positive escalating the figures to 11 this year. The department had sent six samples on Monday for confirmation, of which a 40-year-old female and a 50-year-old male confirmed positive for the flu. The department has so far sent 37 swab samples of suspected patients. It has received reports of 29 samples with 11 testing positive with swine flu. So far, two deaths have been reported in the city.The infection rate had gone down in March this year, when only a single female patient was diagnosed positive. None of the swab samples received by Jabalpur-based laboratory had tested positive until last month. Incidentally, the infection rate went at an all-time high in first week of September when humidity and rain changed the weather conditions.According to health experts, fluctuating weather conditions had made situation conducive for virus to spread. \"Continuous downpour and humidity are playing spoilsport and are the major reasons for the spread,\" said Dr GL Sodhi, District Health Officer.He said that if cold and cough persists for more than 5-6 six days, people should get check-up done.So far in the year 2012, more than 39 patients have been found infected by H1N1 virus in the state. The figure was nine by mid-August. Six have been declared dead including two from Indore.According to data of health department, a total of 202 samples of throat swabs have been collected from various parts of the state mainly from Indore, Bhopal, Jabalpur and Gwalior division, which was 72 in August-mid. A maximum of 99 samples were collected from the Bhopal division. Jabalpur division recorded highest number of swine flu patients in state so far.\"We collect travel history of the patients who show symptoms of flu. There might be a possibility of flu spread through people coming from neighboring areas,\" said a city-based doctor.DOs and DON'Ts* Cover your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or sneeze. Trash the tissue after you use it* Wash your hands often with soap and water, especially after you cough or sneeze. Alcohol-based hand cleaners are effective* Wash your hands at regular intervals with sanitizers* Keep surfaces like doorknobs, tables and others clean* Don't touch your mouth, nose, eyes after touching strangers and unknown surfaces* Don't touch yourself or others after sneezing or coughing, without washing handsFacts and figuresTwo more patients were declared positive escalating the figures to 11 this yearHealth department sent six samples on Monday for confirmatory testsThe department has so far tested 37 swab samples29 samples' report received with 11 testing positive with flu.Two deaths have been reported in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "april", "code": "16375566", "title": "Stray cattle menace claims fourth life this year", "text": "April: In April, Tukaram Sahare, a resident of Gopal Nagar, was crushed under a state transport bus when he swerved his two-wheeler to avoid hitting a stray cow on Nagpur-Chhindwara Road in April.August 18: Thirty-two-year-old Prashant Sharma, a resident of 8th Mile on Amravati Road, succumbed to head injuries five days after he hit a stray cow near Ordnance Factory road on August 10.August 30: Forty-five-year-old Wanadongri resident Vijay Bobde sustained head injuries after he collided with a buffalo and fell near SRPF gate in MIDC area. He succumbed five days later.NAGPUR: Stray cattle menace continues to claim lives in the city. In the fourth such mishap this year alone, 30-year-old bank clerk Sachin Salunkhe succumbed to head injuries he had suffered two days ago when he met with an accident after a stray cow suddenly blocked his path.For the family, the saddest part was that Salunkhe's son, his first child, turned a month old on Wednesday. He and his wife Shubhangi got married last year and had planned the naming ceremony this month.Three people have died due to the same reason in the city this year (see box). Last month, Prashant Sharma, a resident of 8th Mile on Amravati Road, and Vijay Bobde, a resident of Wanadongri, died of head injuries suffered in separate accidents that involved stray animals. Both accidents took place near Ordnance Factory road under the jurisdiction of MIDC police station.In April, Tukaram Sahare, a resident of Gopal Nagar, was crushed under a state transport bus when he swerved his two-wheeler to avoid hitting a stray cow.Salunkhe, a resident of Barde Layout in Borgaon, met with the mishap near new Katol naka on Gorewada Road on Sunday morning while he was heading towards his office. According to Gittikhadan police, who have registered a case of accidental death, Salunkhe failed to spot a cow on the road and hit it. He lost control over his bike and fell down, sustaining head injuries. Salunkhe was not wearing a helmet, said police. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he died during treatment on Tuesday night.Salunkhe's cousin Sushant said that he (Salunkhe) was always a cautious driver. \"He would leave home an hour before his office so that he could reach safely. On Sunday too, he left home at 9am but met with the mishap not very far away from his residence,\" said Sushant.He said that just a few days ago, a two-year-old boy died and his mother were injured on the same road. Though the police complaint says that the mother-son duo were hit by a college bus, Sushant claimed that the woman had swerved her moped to avoid hitting a group of cattle squatting on the road.Sushant, who is also a regular user of the Gorewada Road, said that controlling the cattle menace nuisance is the need of the hour. \"Many times, we have complained about it to the authorities but no one has paid attention to it. The road is dangerous at nights when cattle roam freely on the road where many street lights are also non-functional,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16378567", "title": "Grenade found at Manipur secretariat", "text": "IMPHAL: A Chinese-made grenade was found at the high-security state secretariat in the heart of Imphal on Wednesday. The grenade, believed to have been placed by rebels, was recovered at around 3.15pm in the garage of the old secretariat.Offices of home minister Gaikhangam and some of his cabinet colleagues and top civil officials, including chief secretary DS Poonia and other senior IAS officers, are located in the old secretariat.Incidentally, the ministers were out of their respective office chambers attending a cabinet meeting at chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh's bungalow-cum-office about 100 metre from the spot at the time, police said.Police are investigating to ascertain how the rebels sneaked inside the heavily-guarded complex and placed the bomb. The old secretariat, which has two entry points, is guarded by CRPF and state police personnel. Gaikhangam said that watertight security measures have been put in place after the secretariat incident. He iterated that the militant organizations are trying to make their presence felt by planting bombs in crowded areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373893", "title": "Ahmedabad teenager drowns in canal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A collegian Ketan Prajapati, 19, a resident of Vastral, met a watery grave at a canal near Viramgam on Wednesday. A complaint of accidental death in this regard has been registered with the Viramgam police by Ketan's father Gangaram, who is a diamond worker.Viramgam police said that four youths from Ahmedabad, who studied at K P Thakkar Technical College near Viramgam, were headed towards their institute when the accident took place.Ketan, who was a student of second semester in mechanical engineering, wanted to go into a canal to wash his feet and a portion of his trousers. \"While they were walking towards their college Ketan's trousers had got stained with mud. In order to wash his feet and the trouser at the Viramgam canal, he went down the bank. Mid-way on the slop, he slipped and fell into the canal,\" said police.His friends: Paras Patel, 19, a resident of Odhav; Maulik Patel, 20 and Ravi Patel 19, residents of Vastral, rushed to help him. \"They linked their arms and formed a human chain to reach Ketan. They had also managed to catch hold of Ketan's hand. However, their combined strength was apparently not enough to pull out Ketan owing to the steep and slippery slope of the bank. Instead they themselves started getting pulled in. Suddenly ketan's grasp loosened and he went underwater,\" police said. tnnThe three youths then started shouting for help. Hearing their cries some residents intimated the Viramgam Nagarpalika who sent some of its swimmers to rescue Ketan. Though the swimmers did fish out Ketan but by then he was dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373874", "title": "GU syndicate elections on September 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following Gujarat high court directive and immense political pressure by the Congress, Gujarat University on Wednesday finally issued a notification declaring the date of syndicate elections on September 30.A GU official said that 120 senate members will cast their vote and elect the syndicate body. Three seats each will be for GU non-teaching senate members, principals of GU affiliated colleges and teachers of GU affiliated colleges.Two seats will be for professors of GU departments and one seat each for non-professor teachers of GU and management representative of affiliated colleges. Election to three seats of the board of accountants will also be held on September 30.He said that voting will be conducted from 12.45 pm to 3 pm on September 30. The last date for filling nomination forms is September 20. Last date for withdrawing of nomination forms is September 22, while the list of candidates eligible to contest will be declared on September 23.It needs mention that the Congress had exerted immense pressure on the vice-chancellor to declare the polls. After everything failed and the acting VC refused to budge, a petition was filed in the HC, which ordered the varsity to declare the syndicate elections and complete the process by September 30.Congress syndicate leader Narhari Amin said that for the first time in the history of GU doors of a court had to be knocked upon to ensure that the democratic process was not impaired. \"45 days have passed since term of the syndicate came to an end. The GU did not declare the notification at the behest of the BJP leadership which is unfortunate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374206", "title": "Four students injured as school van veers off road", "text": "CHENNAI: Four students were injured when the driver of their school van lost control of the vehicle in Pallavaram on the outskirts of Chennai on Wednesday. Police said the vehicle veered off Thoraipakkam-Pallavaram Radial Road, toppled over and fell on its side after the driver hit the brakes to avoid colliding with a car.Police said G Sundar, 12, N Andrews, 15, Logesh, 10, and Kumar, 12, all students of Vel's Vidyashram, sustained minor injuries. They were administered first aid at Dr Kamakshi Memorial Hospital in Pallikaranai. Another student in the van, Anurag, escaped unhurt.Passersby and onlookers rushed to the aid of the children and carried them out of the van. The accident occurred near Vel's Vidyashram, while the children were being ferried to school from Madipakkam.An officer said the accident could have been disastrous had the van been full of children. St Thomas Mount Police arrested van driver Sampath Kumar, 43, of Old Pallavaram.\"The driver lost control of the vehicle when he applied brakes to avoid hitting a car,\" the officer said. \"An MTC bus emerged from a cross on the road and the car driver stopped abruptly. The driver of the school van, following close behind, braked hard too and the vehicle swerved off the road and toppled over on farmland four feet below.\"Police said a crowd soon gathered and the tension was palpable as they feared it could have been a repeat of the Mudichur incident on July 25 in which six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan was killed when she fell through a hole in the floor of a school bus.Commuters said speeding vehicles often caused accidents on Thoraipakkam-Pallavaram Radial Road where the van overturned on Wednesday. Jacintha Rajan, whose children study in Vel's Vidyashram, was on a scooter behind the bus when the accident took place.\"Vehicles speed on this stretch of the road every morning because there are no traffic policemen to monitor the drivers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376773", "title": "GMA's AGM and annual day function", "text": "The Goa Management Association's (GMA) annual general meeting (AGM) will be held on September 14 at Hotel Mandovi, Panaji , at 4.30pm. The meeting will be followed by the annual day function. The function is open to all. GMA president Ashok Chowgule will preside over the meeting and annual day function. GMA chairman Anand R Naik will give the welcome address and present report on activities conducted by GMA in 2011-12. Bibek Debroy, renowned Indian economist and professor at Centre for Policy Research, New Delhi, will be the chief guest at the annual day function and will deliver the keynote address. Debroy will speak on the topic 'Animal spirits in the Indian economy - Elephant or mouse'. GMA awards for the best manager, best young manager, best management student and student commendation, for 2012, will be presented during the annual day function.Retreat at Raia: The Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, will organize an overnight retreat for youth (graduates) and 'young adults' on the theme 'To encounter God in Prayer' from 5pm on September 15 to 2pm on September 16, at its premises. The retreat will help youngsters to pray and to make decisions in prayer and in the light of God, states a press note. There will be no registration fee. The last date to register is September 14. For details and registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323; or email at .Calligraphy, quilling workshops: Evita Silva will conduct creative workshops in calligraphy punchcraft, quilling, etc, from September 17 to 21, at Blue Lemon Hobby Centre, Colva. For details and registration call on 9881696445.Workshop on self-hypnosis: Supriya Kambli will conduct a workshop on self-hypnosis on September 16 at the International Centre Goa, Dona Paula. For details call on 9822589301.Workshop for parents: The Emmaus counselling centre of the Carmelite Fathers, Mapusa, will organize a workshop for parents on the theme 'Enriching parenthood' on October 14. The workshop will be held at the Carmelite seminary, Peddem-Mapusa from 9am to 4.30pm. Janet D'souza, associate professor, St Xavier's College, Mapusa, will be the resource person. Lunch will be provided. Last date for registration is September 25. For details and registration call on 9096647340.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16378931", "title": "Nagri villagers summon lawmakers to clarify their stand on land row", "text": "RANCHI: Nagri villagers, in their last bid to protect their lands, have summoned MLAs and local MP Subodh Kant Sahay to an \"open house\" to be organized at Xavier Institute of Social Service (XISS) on Friday to pressure them to convince the government not to acquire the land forcibly.Various socio-political organizations, which have extended support to the Nagri land imbroglio in the past, convened a meeting on the XISS campus on Wednesday and decided to throw the onus over the lawmakers who had promised to safeguard their interests.The move by the villagers came a day after the Jharkhand high court ordered the government to clarify its stand by two weeks on setting up an educational hub at Nagri and speed up the construction work of central education institutions there. The villagers have been protesting the alleged forcible acquisition of agricultural land for around six months and have sought help from every political party.Dayamani Barla, a key activist, said MLAs from the BJP, Congress, JMM and the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) came to the protest site at Nagri on several occasions to gain political mileage. \"If they were serious about our grievances, they should have raised the matter during the monsoon session of the state assembly,\" she said adding that the Nagri issue was not even mentioned by the business advisory committee of the assembly during the monsoon session.Barla said the villagers decided to pressure the government through the MLAs to place their arguments before the court of law.\"We are convinced that the judiciary will listen to us only when the government admits where it has committed the mistake in acquiring agricultural land,\" she said.The meeting was attended by representatives of CPI(ML) and Jharkhand Janadhikar party MLA Bandhu Tirkey besides several social activists. Barla said, \"After demonstrating solidarity with the villagers on protest site, the MLAs cannot show their backs now. The government never dared to remove the temple from the railway station despite order of the high court because of popular demand now the MLAs should come forward for the poor tribal farmers to protect their livelihood,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375240", "title": "B Tech student facing cyber crime charge surrenders", "text": "GURGAON: A Delhi-based B. Tech student, an accused in a cybercrime case, was taken into police custody after his surrender before a city court on Wednesday. The 21-year-old had created a false email ID in the name of a woman resident of Gurgaon's DLF II and sent a complaint from that ID to HUDA and DTP against her neighbour accusing him of encroachment.According to police, the accused, identified as Jaipreet Singh Bhatia, resident of Rajauri Garden, Delhi, had surrendered before the chief judicial magistrate's court on Wednesday morning. Heeding the DLF phase-II police requested the court that the accused be taken on police remand and court sent the accused on one day police remand.\"In the preliminary investigation the accused confessed to the crime. He said the laptop and mobile phone which were used to make the fake e-mail ID and send the mail were left in his house. Police sought his remand on the ground that the two gadgets needed to be seized pending the investigation.Cops said that Bhatia was reportedly a student of B.Tech 5th semester with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi. He was known to the complainant woman and make fake e-mail ID only for defames HUDA department and a neighbor of woman, who was owner of a school building in DLF-II.According to police, around 20 days ago, Rita Chaudhary, resident of DLF-II had lodged a complaint with the Gurgaon police after a HUDA team visited her house. The team members had told her that she had sent a complaint via email to their office against her neighbor, accusing him of encroachment.She was shocked to know about that the complaint that was purportedly sent from her e-mail ID rita.DLF2.ggn@gmail.com. She denied owning that email ID or having mailed any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374217", "title": "Cops recover 3.6 crore worth loot after crackdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested 262 criminals involved in more than 283 cases reported in the city in the last two months. They have recovered gold jewellery weighing 1.1kg and valuables worth 3.60 crore from them.Police had initiated a concerted drive against criminals, especially those involved in chain snatching, burglary, and cheating. The recovered loot includes 18 four-wheelers, three autorickshaws, two trucks, 17 two-wheelers and 79 mobile phones. Of the 183 cases of chain snatching, 36 accused were arrested in the west zone, 49 in the east zone, 34 in the south zone, and 14 in the north zone.The criminals arrested include Raj alias Manikkaraj, Kannanalias Kamalakannan, Nagan alias Gnana Sambanthan, Thameem Ansari,Jeyakumar, Sasikumar, Jeyaraman, Ranga alias Rangadurai, of Maduravoyal, and Naga alias Nagaraj, of Agaram. Police have detained 239 persons under the Goondas Act in the last two months. So far, 620 persons were detained under the Goondas Act this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375248", "title": "'Key file on wakf property in Khairatabad missing '", "text": "HYDERABAD: A crucial file pertaining to a prime property located in front of Shadan College in Khairatabad has been missing for several years, AP State Wakf Board officials informed the legislative committee on minority affairs.According to the document submitted by board officials on Tuesday, a two-storeyed house built on 584 square yard land endowed to a mosque was demolished in order to construct a commercial complex. After conceding some portion of the property to the GHMC for road expansion, the board was left with 504 square yards. The board, which decided to construct nearly 10,000 square feet area of commercial space, set up a committee and also hired a noted architect. The project was to be executed on Built Operate and Transfer lines. However, the file numbering 04/RF/Hyderabad/2002 which contained all the necessary papers related to the project development disappeared from the office of the then APSWB chief executive officer S M Madar.Wakf Board officials also told the legislative committee that the case was brought to the notice of the higher officials but to no avail.When contacted, Wakf Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani said that though the file was still missing, they would go ahead with the development of property. \"We have documents like gazette notification which declares the property as wakf. That should be enough to carry the project forward. The project may take off next month,\" said Biyabani.The board also told the committee that the city police department owes it Rs 26.71 lakh. The amount included unpaid rent of a building in Begumpet in which Task Force office was located till 2010. It also includes the money the police department had collected from advertising agencies for putting up a hoarding on the structure. The GHMC which acquired a portion of the property for road expansion has not paid any compensation so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378334", "title": "Shadow first teaser on September 19", "text": "The first teaser of 'Victory' Venkatesh's action entertainer Shadow will be released on September 19. The audio release of the film will be in mid-December and the movie will hit the screens for 2013 Sankranthi. Venky plays an underworld don in the movie and sources further add that his character has multiple shades. Director Meher Ramesh has already shot the film in the locales of Malaysia, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Vizag, etc and has wrapped up majority of the shooting. The unit is gearing for next schedule, which will commence from October 1 in Hyderabad. Taapsee Pannu is paired opposite Venky while Srikanth and Madhurima are also essaying important roles. Shadow is produced by Paruchuri Kireeti under the United Productions banner. The film has soundtrack provided by Thaman and Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan penned the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375445", "title": "Man found electrocuted at Ghatate Nagar", "text": "NAGPUR: An unidentified middle-aged man was found electrocuted in the low tension transmission box of the electric supply tower at Ghatate Nagar on Wednesday morning. The victim's hand was stuck to the live wires inside the box.The local residents informed police after spotting the body. It was initially speculated that the man could be a thief who wanted to steal the copper and aluminium plates or cables inside the box but presence of a trident with a pot tied to it on his cycle indicates he could be a sadhu. The LT box, considered dangerous for lay persons, was fastened with a strong cable.RS Sirohi, assistant general manager of Spanco who visited the site, said the LT Box is handled by the trained personnel with due caution. \"The manner in which the person opened it and was trying to fiddle with the connections inside without taking minimum precautions indicates he was not even a seasoned thief of such materials for whom we already have night patrolling in place,\" he said.Kalamna police has registered the case as accidental death and sent the body for post mortem at Mayo hospital. Police said that local residents were not able to identify the body which indicated that man could have come from another area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16376811", "title": "MPDA waiting for TCP decision on tanks' demolition", "text": "VASCO: Mormugao planning and development authority (MPDA) is waiting for the town and country planning department (TCP) to decide on the demolition of tanks of Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd. The plant suffered a sulphuric acid leak at berth No. 8 of Mormugao port on Tuesday.MPDA had served a demolition notice to the company over 10 days ago, but the company approached TCP. MPDA chairman Krishna Salkar told TOI that TCP's decision is awaited.The latest leak occurred during pumping of acid from the port to the plant.MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan immediately suspended the operation and ordered an inquiry. As a precautionary measure MPT decided to also decant all the residual sulphuric acid in the pipeline to ensure it was dry and safe.Pandiyan told TOI that the company has been informed that no new ship of theirs will be allowed in the port till all precautionary measures are in place.A preliminary inquiry shows the leakage was caused by the movement of a crane over the pipeline. It was also determined that the pipeline contained about 160 tonnes of sulphuric acid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376235", "title": "Sepsis primary cause of death due to infection", "text": "PUNE: Advances in medical science have failed to check deaths caused due to Sepsis, a medical condition caused by an overwhelming immune response to infection. It remains the primary cause of death due to infections across the world, availability of best vaccines, antibiotics and intensive care not withstanding.\"Sepsis is often misunderstood by people as blood poisoning. It occurs when the body's response to an infection injures its own tissues and organs,\" said senior critical care experts Shirish Prayag.To mark World Sepsis Day, which falls on September 13, members of the Indian Society of Critical Care Medicine (ISCCM), Pune Chapter, have joined hands with Global Sepsis Alliance ( GSA) to undertake awareness and educative programmes in the city on Thursday.\"It is a serious infection usually caused when bacteria make toxins that cause the immune system to attack the body's own organs and tissues. Globally, an estimated 18 million cases are reported each year,\" Prayag said.Senior critical care expert P K Joshi, who is the chairperson of ISCCM Pune, said, \"While Sepsis is one of the most serious medical conditions, awareness among people, which includes medical professionals, is extremely low.\" Through World Sepsis Day programmes, the ISCCM aims to fill this gap and educate people about this problem, Joshi said.Critical care expert Subhal Dixit, who is the secretary of ISCCM Pune, said, \"The ISCCM has taken up many such awareness initiatives earlier. We are happy to partner with many of such caregivers from the global community.\"Awareness programmes planned for Thursday include mass events like seminars, discussions, lighting candles, walks, poster campaigns and doctor-patient meets among other activities.\"Every hour, about 36 people die from Sepsis. It causes more deaths than prostate cancer , breast cancer and HIV/AIDS combined,\" said critical care expert Kapil Zirpe, who is the director at neuro trauma unit of Ruby Hall Clinic.\"Sepsis may lead to shock, multiple organ failure, and death, if not recognised early and treated promptly,\" said Ajit Yadav, director of Niramaya Hospital.The event marking World Sepsis Day will be held on the II floor of IMA Hall, Tilak Road, between 5pm and 7pm on Thursday. The programme is open for people and admission is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379293", "title": "Desi Munde resumes its shooting", "text": "The next schedule of shooting of 'Desi Munde' resumes on 14th September in London. It will be last and final schedule of 'The Balkar Sidhu' starrer 'Desi Munde'. The shooting of 'Desi Munde' resumed at Chandigarh in first week of September after having been stalled for a long time and the crew packed up the first part of the round two schedule on 10th September and flew to London. Remaining part will be shot in London beginning from 14th September.Writer and Producer of 'Desi Munde', Balwinder Heer said that Balkar Sidhu, Harmeet Kaur Gauri, Bunty Grewal and Isha Rikhi will be taking part in London shooting. Balwinder with his cast and crew has reached London this week to gear up the work there. He said the film shoot had to be put off due to some technical problems. 'We are now happy that the shooting has resumed. The shoot will continue in London till 22 September and soon all the work will be completed', he added. When asked about the rumours of the film project being shelved doing rounds, he said 'we have invested a lot of our efforts and money in the film. There are ups and downs in life, but I want to make it clear that the team of 'Desi Munde' is working very enthusiastically in the completion of the movie, which will hit the cinema houses very soon. All the actors and technicians are contributing whole-heartedly'. Desi Munde is slated to release this year.Source: justpanjabi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16376956", "title": "State Congress slams TMC's strong-arm tactics", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress seems all set for a head-on is embarking on collision course with Trinamool Congress in the coming panchayat polls. At its first meet on Panchayati Raj organized at Nazrul Mancha, the state Congress leadership made it clear that they would be out on the streets against the Trinamool, its ally at the Centre and in the state government.The decision was announced on Wednesday in the And this was in the presence of the party leadership from Delhi that included AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed, MOS-home affairs at the Centre, Jitendra Singh and Indian Youth Congress president Rajiv Satav among others.Earlier, both the Trinamool Congress and the Congress have both announced earlier that they would contest the panchayat elections on their own - without any alliance -and field candidates for all 61,000 seats.The Trinamool Congress and the Congress are partners at the Centre and the state. We therefore seek directions from the (Delhi) leadership on what we should do as there is some confusion among our party workers. We fought hand-in-hand with the Trinamool to bring about poribartan. But now, Congress workers are being murdered and harassed and people are asking why we are in this government. I hope Delhi will find an answer to this,\" he said.Ahmed also asked leaders of both parties to take a neutral stand whenever there is a clash between the allies. \"Despite the fact that we are allies, there are frequent clashes between the Trinamool and the Congress. I feel sorry that Trinamool and the Congress are clashing, even as they are together at the Centre and the state. It's not right,\" said Ahmed, pleading He appealed to leaders of both parties to take a neutral stand and handle the problems with care. asking the administration to handle the problem whenever any clash took place.But the state leadership presented a completely had a different argument altogether. \"Whenever the panchayat elections are organized, we have to be prepared. We won't tolerate the way Trinamool Congress is treating us,\" said state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya.Deepa Das Munshi said, was the most caustic.\"I am not afraid to speak the truth when it comes to protecting the honour of the Congress, even if it hurts any CM.\" she said. She also Apart from pointing out to Rajiv Satav that the Trinamool Congress had been attacking the Congress wherever the latter enjoyed a strong presence, she said, \"Had the Congress not been with them, the Trinamool would not have come to power. But today, they are beating us up and lodging false FIRs against Congressmen.\"Das Munshi said that while there were \"compulsions\" at the Centre and the state level because of alliances between the two parties, but there isn't any was no compulsion at the panchayat level.\"The Trinamool has said it will fight the panchayat polls alone. But if they don't allow us to file nominations, like was the case the way it has happened in the civic polls, we won't remain quiet,\" she added.According to Jitendra Singh said, \"We must oppose whoever is attacking the Congress,\" and adding significantly that it is the Centre which has been is sending funds to the Bengal government on a regular basis. He also cited examples where his own department had send funds to the state. While state youth Congress president Mausam Noor who organized Wednesday's meet -asked the participants to arrange such meets at the district level,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16378291", "title": "Summit to allay fears on Kundakulam, Jaitapur nuclear plants", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The innocent misguided people opposing the likes of Kundakulam nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu and Jaitapur nuclear power plant in Maharashtra will be in focus in the global Nuclear Energy Summit scheduled to be held in Mumbai on September 25.The summit to be organized by the department of atomic energy (DAE) will witness domestic and foreign nuclear producing company's representatives discuss the various misconceptions and misinformation about the nuclear energy plants in a comprehensive manner.\"The summit will immensely help in allaying the fears related to the operation of the nuclear energy plants in India,\" said Jamshedpur-based Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) spokesperson Atul Bajpai.The UCIL will have 15 panels at the summit venue that will largely be informative in nature aimed at enlightening the common masses about the effective and sustainable uranium exploration measures the premier public enterprise is practicing over the years.The summit-cum-exhibition will also discuss the topics like indigenization of supply chain for conventional islands for nuclear plant, nuclear construction and supply chain, safety and regulatory of nuclear power plants and localization of engineering of nuclear power plants.\"Given that all the stakeholders of the nuclear energy field will be participating at the summit that is being organized in the midst of violent opposition to the Kundakulam nuke plant, the organizers have decided to also focus with equal keenness on public issues related to the nuclear power industry,\" said a senior UCIL official.Maintaining that nuclear energy is the need of the hour, uranium experts in UCIL said the proposed meet would make bid to water down the notion about the recurrence of Fukushima nuclear plant mishap in Trivunelveli, the location of Kundakulam.\"Be it Jaitpur or Kundakulam or for that matter our (UCIL's) excavation in the uranium mines in Kadappa district of Andhra Pradesh, the go ahead is granted only after the DAE took all critical issues into consideration. That's why apprehension of Fukushima like mishap in India is unfounded and the Mumbai summit will also deliberate on this angle,\" said the senior UCIL official.Atomic Energy Commission chairman R K Sinha, Atomic Energy Nuclear Board vice-chairman S Duraisamy, nuclear specialist, Lisega Inc (US) Bob Fandetti and chief executive, French Nuclear Industry Association, Henri Chapotot are among those who will take part in the summit to be held at the Mumbai Exhibition Center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378796", "title": "Congress protest against potholes, police lathi charge", "text": "INDORE: Congress activist clashed with police on Rau road during protest against bad roads and political patronage to criminals on Wednesday morning. To disperse the protesting Congress activist police had to lathi charged, but no one was detained.On Wednesday morning a group of congress activist led by former state president of Youth Congress Jitu Patwari sits in potholes at Rau on AB Road. It disrupts the movement of traffic on the busy road following which police tried to remove the activist. Congress activist refused to remove from the place and used abusive language against the senior police officials. It angered the cops and they use lathi charged.Jitu Patwari said that they were protesting against the potholes on the road which has emerged as major cause of accidents in the city. \"All the roads are dotted with potholes and driving on city roads gives a feeling of camel ride,\" said Patwari adding that they will continue their protest. Everyday they will protest against potholes in different parts of the city.When asked about using abusive language against police, he said, \"We were doing peaceful protest, which is our democratic right, when police use force. This shows the intolerant behaviour of ruling party who are not even allowing peaceful protest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16377037", "title": "Man buried alive over affair with his friend's wife", "text": "THANJAVUR: A man, who allegedly had an illicit affair with his neighbour's wife, was buried alive by her husband after he came to know about their relationship in a village near Peravurani in Thanjavur district. The body was exhumed after the murderer was arrested here on Wednesday, police said.Police said that Nadimuthu (37) and Chandrasekar (41) were residents of Seruvavidhuthi in Thanjavur. Both of them had been friends for a long time. However, Chandrasekar developed an illicit relationship with Nadimuthu's wife, Ramya. On coming to know of their relationship, Nadimuthu warned his wife to stay away from Chandrasekar. But, despite his warning, they continued the affair. Nadimuthu then conspired with his friends to kill Chandrasekar to put an end to the problem. On Monday, he invited Chandrasekar for a liquor party in their area. Nadimuth and his friends forced him to drink a lot so that he loses his control. Once he lost control, Nadimuthu and the others assaulted him following which he fell down unconscious. They then shifted him to Agni river and buried him alive under the bridge. Chandrasekar died because of suffocation.As Chandrasekar did not return home, his wife Gomathi searched for him. But some of the residents told her that he was accompanied by Nadimuthu and few others in the evening on Monday. When they inquired with Nadimuthu, he gave contradictory replies. So, they became suspicious of him and handed him over to the Thiruchittrambalam police on Wednesday evening.Police said that he admitted to his crime during the initial investigation and guided the police to the spot where he and his friends buried Chandrasekar. The body was exhumed and sent for postmortem. Police are now on the lookout for his accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16378151", "title": "Bal Thackeray says Odisha mayhem was Aug 11 replay", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Anyone who attacks cops on duty should be sternly dealt with,\" Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray said in the concluding part of his interview with party mouthpiece Saamna on Tuesday. Thackeray is the editor of the Sena mouthpiece.Referring to Bhubaneshwar violence following a morcha organized by Congress against the Naveen Patnaik government, Thackeray said, \"Morchas are permitted in a democracy. But Congress activists assaulted cops on duty and misbehaved with women constables. This may be in keeping with Congress culture, but the incident has tarnished the country's image.\"Drawing a parallel between the Bhubaneshwar mayhem and the August 11 violence, at Azad Maidan, he said, \"They did an action replay of the Mumbai incident\". He said there was ample reason to believe the Bhubaneshwar violence on police was planned and executed by the elements who organized the August 11 protest, suggesting that a radical Muslim group could be behind the mayhem. Thackeray laid emphasis on Hindutva.In keeping with the Thackeray Sr's revival of Hindutva, of late, the Sena has been harping on the August 11 violence. Wrapping up his four-part Q&A; with Saamna on Monday, Thackeray laid emphasis on Hindutva. A united Hindu initiative alone will strengthen the country's sinews against terrorism, he stated and exhorted all linguistic and ethnic groups to come together under Hindutva's saffron flag.The Sena supremo said those responsible for the Bhubaneshwar outburst should punished, including Congress leader Jagdish Tytler . who, it is said, had planned the anti-Patnaik morcha. \"Congress may talk of peace and non-violence but the party has lot of blood on its hands,\" Saamna remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376402", "title": "Swargate to get flyover in over 2 years", "text": "PUNE: The busiest junction in the city -- Keshavrao Jedhe chowk in Swargate - will soon have a flyover with the construction set to begin in the next two months.The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation on Wednesday invited bids from construction companies and agencies for the project, that also has other traffic components such as a vehicular underpass or grade separator, and a pedestrian underpass. The estimated expenditure of the project is Rs 99 crore.Member of the state legislative council Mohan Joshi, who has been following up the project matter, says the flyover will have two lanes with a length of 1.4 km. A grade separator has been proposed -- from Shankarsheth Road -- for the traffic going towards Sarasbaug. Two pedestrian subways will be constructed at the junction. The project will take two-and-a-half years for completion, Joshi adds. The Pune Municipal Corporation has given Rs 40 crore to MSRDC for constructing the flyover.With five major roads converging at Jedhe chowk, it is the busiest road in terms of movement of vehicles and pedestrians. Road users, pedestrians in particular, face major risks at the junction due to rampant encroachments, haphazard parking of autorickshaws and vehicles and lack of proper facilities for pedestrians.Thousands arrive by state transport buses at the MSRTC bus terminal adjacent to the junction. The junction is also a central point for arrival and departure of PMPML buses on the Katraj-Swargate-Hadpasar Bus Rapid Transit route, and of buses leaving for almost all important destinations in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and fringe areas.Civic officials claim that all facilities for safe movement of pedestrians are in place at the junction and that the solution for more improvement now is to construct a flyover. However, traffic and transportation experts say flyovers do not help ease traffic problems and that after a few years the situation would only aggravate.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First, who has done an extensive study on traffic problems at Jedhe chowk and implemented some measures with the help of traffic police, says the flyover will not solve the problem but will aggravate them for pedestrians. \"No flyover has solved the problems of the pedestrians. The flyovers are only meant for speedier movement of vehicles. The planners need to question themselves whether the flyover will be a citizen-friendly project. Traffic problems can be solved by simple, cost-effective measures and not by incurring huge expenditures on flyovers'', he said.Harshad Abhyankar of Save Pune Traffic Movement said the entire planning of traffic projects is only aimed at fast movement of vehicles. The flyover will only help in fast movement of vehicles. No one cares for pedestrians. They are forced to find their way amidst the movement of the vehicles, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16375732", "title": "Gandhi\u2019s life now in a graphic novel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Documentary filmmaker Jahnavi Prasada and illustrator Girish Arora, a graduate of the National Institute for Design, have joined hands to create a graphic version of Mahatma Gandhi's autobiography 'The Story Of My Experiments With Truth' \u2014 the first in the world. The graphic novel is in the final stages of review and is being vetted by Gandhian scholars.\"We chose the graphic novel form because it has a strong visual connect \u2014 the person in the autobiography is brought to life. This art form is the most poignant way of telling complex and important stories,\" says Prasada, who along with Arora, has been working on the project since the last 18 months. The graphic adaptation runs into more than 200 pages and tries to visually engage Gandhi with today's youth.The book will capture Gandhi's principles in political life, the use of civil disobedience only to remind adversaries of their common humanity and also his quest for truth from childhood days till his death.The only other graphic novel on Gandhi was by a Japanese artist Kazuki Ebine in 'manga' format. \"I was inspired after reading the graphic novel on Babasahed Ambedkar recently and learnt so much about him. It was then that I decided on making a graphic novel on Gandhiji,\" Prasada adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375695", "title": "15-yr-old drowns in Ambazari lake", "text": "NAGPUR: A 15-year-old boy, who bunked the school to enjoy a small picnic at Ambazari lake, drowned due to the strong water currents on Wednesday afternoon. Identified as Shubham Deshpande, the deceased was a student of New English School, Congress Nagar.Shubham and his elder sister Karishma used to stay at their aunt's place in Modi no. 2 lane, Sitabuldi. Their parents Devdas, employed with a MIDC company, and Sunanda used to live in Rajegaon near MIDC.On Wednesday morning, Shubham, a std IX student, left home on his bicycle as per his routine. However, instead of heading to school, he went straight to Ambazari lake along with his friend Rakesh Mishra. Minutes after chatting, Shubham asked his friend to take care of his belongings and plunged into the lake for a swim. Rakesh chose not to swim.However, minutes later Shubham failed to surface and Rakesh panicked. He immediately alerted nearby people who in turn informed the police control room. Ambazari cops rushed to the spot but failed to trace the teenager.Shubham's body was finally fished out late in the evening. His uncle Mahesh Wasnik informed that Shubham was a good swimmer. Police said that water currents are very strong these days which is why Shubham might have failed to swim back and drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377059", "title": "Pre-puja crackdown on auto drivers", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport department is planning a pre-puja crackdown on auto rickshaw drivers, who charge excessive fares from the passengers. State transport department is planning to take action against auto rickshaw drivers for charging excessive fares before the pujas.Besides, the authorities want to stop illegal carpools plying without valid permits and introduce small cars and give them permits so that they can operate as pool cars.On acting against errant auto drivers, state transport minister Madan Mitra said: \"We are receiving complaints that they are charging extra fares. We want to solve the problem through discussions. However, we might have to take legal action, if needed.\"Mitra held a meeting with the members of the West Bengal Contract Carriage Owners and Operators Association at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday. About 3,500 school and office buses went off the roads as the association gave a strike call demanding more time to phase out 15-year-old vehicles. as a protest of their demands not being met.The minister will hold a meeting with carpool owners on Thursday. Regular checking will start from Thursday itself.\"Over 35,000 taxis, 500 to 600 additional buses and several autos plied on the roads to meet the shortfall of the buses on Wednesday. We have asked them not to hold such strike any more bringing inconvenience to the people. We are considering their demands and are looking at the option of using a single permit for the contract carriages to operate in three districts, if there is no legal hassle. The transport secretary has been informed to look into the matter,\" the minister said.Also, the transport department will see whether the matter at house and garage address and place of business could be used for giving registration to such contract carriages.Mitra added: \"They have sought time for conversion of old vehicles. There are several carpools which are taking around 15 to 20 children together and plying illegally without paying commercial taxes. This will not be allowed. We will give permit within 72 hours to new vehicles which will run legally. We are planning to introduce small cars for this.\"The minister also said that the transport department might take administrative action against those auto operators who are taking excessive fares from passengers.The contract carriage association members said that they have a few demands like giving them at least an years time to convert their 15 year old vehicles, to issue permits for three districts together and to ban such pool cars or vehicles that are taking school children without any permit and without paying commercial tax. \"We had a detail discussion with the transport minister on these issues,\" said association secretary Himadri Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375238", "title": "Haj camp from Oct 4 to 19", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Haj camp will be held from October 4 to October 19 and 25 flights will ferry pilgrims to Jeddah from the Hyderabad embarkation point.At an all-department meet held at the Haj House, SHC officials said pilgrims from Bidar, Gulbarga and Yadgir districts of Karnataka will have to report to the Haj House in Hyderabad as they will also start their journey from Hyderabad. Haj House will host between 500 and 1000 pilgrims and additional accommodation would be arranged at a wedding hall near the Haj House if the need arises. Officials from various state and central government departments pledged to provide all possible amenities to Haj pilgrims.State Haj Committee (SHC) officials said pilgrims will have to report 48 hours prior to departure of their respective scheduled flights.Minister for minorities welfare Mohammed Ahmadulla presided over the meeting. Apart from Shakir Hussain, CEO Central Haj Committee, Syed Khaleeluddin Ahmed, chairman SHC, city police commissioner Anurag Sharma, Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani, chairman AP State Wakf Board, officials from the APSRTC, GMR, Water Board, customs and R&B; department were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11948587", "title": "Gay-friendly holiday destinations in India", "text": "From spiritual retreats to boutique hotels, from yoga sessions to jungle tents, the country's gay tourism industry seems to be in the pink of healthLike all happy couples, straight or gay, each time we decide to go on a vacation, my partner and I squabble over the luggage. While I prefer to travel light, he is obsessed about carrying his new books, laptop, kindle, electric kettle, tea bags, camel jacket, favourite socks, shoes and the works. But that hasn't deterred us from holidaying. After 10 years of travelling together all over the world, we have discovered the truce mantra \u2014 he lugs his bag while I carry my own. \"A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.\" \u2014 John Steinbeck.Having visited several gayfriendly countries in Europe, we decided to check out the gay tourism scene in India after some of our friends went on customised-holidays organised by LGBT tour operators \u2014Indjapink.co.in, freedom2be.com, outjourneys.com, pinkvibgyor.com and the Western Ghat Routes among others. But how different are customised gay holidays from the regular ones? To begin with, you don't draw uncomfortable stares for being gay or lesbian. Most importantly, you don't have to explain why two men need a double bed.The check-in danceSo after some research on the internet, we decided to spend two days in Delhi, before heading for our customised weeklong holiday in the Himalayas . Most of the holidays range from five days to two weeks and cost around $150 (Rs 8,000-10,000) per head for a day \u2014 includes food, sight-seeing, local transport and stay.Those of us who routinely travel with our same-sex partners (legal or otherwise), know the awkward moments at the reception desk. I still remember the first day that we checked in at a hotel in Karol Bagh. \"Welcome to Moonlight Hotel Sirji,\" said a rotund Ms Dolly, the receptionist, giving a blank look to my partner. I handed her the online booking receipt and our preference for a double bed. \"Oh, little mistake Sirji, the room has two single beds, and today we are full.\" I tell her it's okay, but she goes on: \"Tomorrow, I promise one waddi bed for you.\" While Ms Dolly and I discussed bed arrangements, we had an audience on both sides of the reception counter. However seemingly small the oversight, it made us uncomfortable.But things are different on a customised holiday right from Day One. On our first day, the drive from Delhi's crowded streets to the tranquil settings of Haridwar and Rishikesh took approximately six hours, but it was an unforgettable journey. The moment we landed in our hotel in Rishikesh, the reservation staff and concierge greeted us with a warm smile and welcome drink. They confirmed our booking and handed us the complimentary breakfast cards with our individual names written on it \u2014 no mistake of Mr &amp; Mrs Pate. \"All our travel guides, chauffeurs, hotel staff are taught to be gender sensitive and gay-friendly,\" said Abhinav Goel, founder of outjourneys.com, a travel boutique that organises holidays for the LGBT community.Valley of saintsWhile some of our friends opted to stay in AC rooms, we decided to settle in Mother Nature's lap \u2014 a humble tent that overlooked the Ganges on one side and the Himalayan Sal forests on the other. Rishikesh is an ethereal experience. The temple town is dotted with foreign tourists, yoga ashrams and the latest fad of herbal spas. Many, who come in search of spiritual quest, believe that meditating here leads to eternal salvation. No wonder that even the Beatles could not resist coming to this 'Valley of Saints'. They had visited Rishikesh in 1968 to attend an advanced transcendental meditation session at Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's ashram.By and large most hotels and homestays in Garhwal are gay-friendly. However, honeymooners and gay men need to keep in mind the local traditions and cultural sensitivities. Holding hands is okay but smooching in public, irrespective of gender or sexuality could raise quite a few eyebrows. But isn't it the same even in Europe? You could steal a kiss of your beloved on a busy Paris street and nobody will bother, try the same in the conservative Aix-en-Provence area or Siena, and the locals will stare at you.Chasing the pink purseA majority of the hotels and lodges in Garhwal adhere to the \"Don't ask, Don't tell\" policy. Hotel owners may not be vocal about it, but they are happy to chase the \"pink purse\" and cater to the double income, no kids (DINK) couples. I was quite tickled to see a cleverly disguised candy-cumcondom bowl near the billing counter of a tiny restaurantcum-provision store that read: \"Safe Sex Sweeter than Wine\". Apparently, Rishikesh is an alcohol-free place just like Gujarat. \"Paise denge toh sab milta hai, Sirji,\" said one of our guides, a Virat Kohli look-alike, citing an old Garhwali adage, \"Suryast aur Garhwal mast\".For the next three days, our daily routine was simple yet enriching \u2014 eat, sleep, meditate, wander in the forest and retire in out tent. Our charming guide led us through offbeat tracks and showed us some of the hidden jewels of Garhwal (no pun intended). On the last day of our holiday, after a strenuous river rafting session, the organisers even arranged for a soothing massage in our tent \u2014 completely lit with scented candles and the works.I was brought back to the harsh realities of life the next day when I saw a newspaper headline: \"World economy sinking again\". I folded the paper, fixed a cuppa for myself thinking, the world economy may be in doldrums but Incredible India's gay tourism industry is certainly in the pink of health!Neil.Pate @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16378361", "title": "Chandigarh police arrests one for defacing public property", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police has arrested a man for defacing public property by pasting his company's posters on public properties like bus stops, electricity poles and community garden's boundary walls in sector 23 on late Wednesday night. The accused was identified as Ravinder Singh , resident of sector 37 here and he has been booked under various sections of West Bengal Property Defacement Act .\" The accused is running ekam tiffin free home delivery service and he was pasting the posters of his company in different parts of sector 23. He was caught red-handed while committing this crime . We have also confiscated huge quantity of posters that he had planned to paste in different parst of the city,\" said a police official here.\"As per the provisions of West Bengal Property Defacement Act, there is a provision for the imprisonment for a term that may be extended to six months or with fine, which may extend to one thousand rupees or with both, for the violator,\" he added.Chandigarh police have launched a special drive to curb the incidents of defacing of public property. Since June 26, police had arrested at least a dozen people, including five students of Panjab University, for the same offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16379449", "title": "Centre to support Metro rail projects in 19 cities: PM", "text": "KOCHI: Noting that an efficient transport system was 'critical' for orderly growth of cities, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday said the government has decided to support preparation of Detailed Project Reports (DPR) for Metro rail in all 19 cities with a population of over two million.Laying the foundation for the Rs 5,181 crore Kochi Metro project here, Singh said DPRs had already been prepared for 12 cities and Metro rail projects were being implemented in seven cities covering a total network of length 476 km at a cost of over Rs 1.15 lakh crore.The Delhi Metro is carrying about 22 lakh people daily, he said.Pointing out that an efficient transport system was a service that was 'critical' to the orderly growth and development of cities, Singh said Metro rail was just one component of such a transport system.\"We need to build our cities with multi-modal transport systems that efficiently integrate different modes of public transport like buses and trains. I understand that the Urban Development Ministry has taken several initiatives to promote sustainable transport practices in the country,\" he said.These include support to Metro rail projects, Bus Rapid Transit Systems and sanction of city buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376889", "title": "High rise: Now, 33% more seats for aspiring architects", "text": "PANAJI: With a demand of over three times the availability of seats at the state-run Goa College of Architecture, the government was forced to request the central government's council of architecture for an increase in seats from the existing 30 and has finally succeeded in increasing the intake to 40 from the current academic year itself.It is after over a decade that the institute is seeing an increase in its intake. \"The good news for the numerous architecture aspirants in Goa is that the state plans to raise the number of seats to 60 within the next two to three years, provided approval is given by the council of architecture,\" deputy director for technical education Pradeep Kusnur said.\"For the increase, the state has made a commitment to recruit more staff, upgrade the infrastructure and add more classrooms, which will be done soon,\" Kusnur added. The admissions to fill the ten new seats will be held by the directorate of technical education (DTE) on September 13 and 14. \"We have around 95 applicants of which 30 have already been provided seats and another ten will be accommodated from amongst the rest ,\" he said.Kusnur said that the state decided to request an increase in seats because of the huge demand being witnessed in Goa each year with close to 100 applicants vying for just 30 seats. \"Goans have an orientation towards creative fields. We get a lot of queries from Goans working abroad too, who want to study architecture to add to their qualifications,\" he said.Architecture seats across the country are filled through the National Aptitude Test in Architecture (NATA), which is an online entrance exam. Only last year, Goa was designated a centre to conduct the test in the state itself for interested candidates. The merit list of the eligible candidates is prepared by the DTE based on the NATA scores and the admissions are then carried out for those featuring in the top 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16375689", "title": "NCP, BJP combine loses to Cong panel in co-op bank polls", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Kisan Sahkar panel led by MLA Vijay Wadettiwar grabbed power in the Chandrapur District Central Co-operative Bank ( CDCCB) elections by beating rivals Yuva Shakar panel by a margin of three on Wednesday. Fifteen members of Kisan Sahkar panel were elected to the post of board of directors.The main battle was between the Kisan Sahkar panel backed by Congress and Yuva Shakar panel (13 seats) which was an alliance of the NCP-BJP-Shetkari Shanghatna.Counting was held at Bachat Saffalya Bhavan on the collectorate premises.While six members were elected unopposed, the remaining contested the polls. A total of 84 candidates from four different panels were in fray.The Yuva Shakar panel was led by Adv Babasaheb Wasade. Two other panels led by Ramesh Pimpalshende and Moreshwar Temburde were humbled as they failed to win even a single seat. Recounting was conducted for one post.Former presidents of the bank, Babashaheb Wasade, Dada Patil Chokhare, Digambar Gurpude, Sanjay Dongre and ex- secretary Prabhakar Dive were the big names that bit the dust.Among the major winners were Sandeep Gaddamwar, Shripad Patil, Prahbatai Wasade, Vijay Deotale and Manohar Paunkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376873", "title": "3 deaths in 24 hours jolt Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three deaths rocked the city in the last 24 hours.Sunil Kumar, 23, an AC mechanic and resident of Industrial Area Phase I, was found stabbed to death near his house on Tuesday night. After his father cried murder, the police detained four persons, who had brought him to a hospital.\"After preliminary probe and on his father's complaint, we detained four persons on Wednesday morning. But later, his father changed his statement and said his son had stabbed himself twice after an argument with his younger daughter. The detained men were released, as they were found innocent. We are probing the case from both the suicide and the murder angle,\" said Malkit Singh, station house officer of Industrial Area.In another case too, a badly stabbed body of a man was found in the forest area behind Sector 43 Inter State Bus Terminus ( ISBT) on Wednesday morning.\"The murder, which took place around 7am, seems to be the handiwork of three to four persons. He was brutally attacked with sharp-edged weapon. The deceased appeared to be around 30-year-old and a Himachal Pradesh native,\" said deputy superintendent of police (south) B S Negi.The police said, \"Chandigarh Forensic Science Laboratory personnel gathered some samples from the spot. We took the help of sniffer dogs too. We suspect the deceased was an apple trader, who had come to the city to sell his harvest.\" In the third case, a truck driver from Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh died after falling from the roof of a stationary truck in Sector 26 grain market on Tuesday night. Kehar Singh, 35, was sleeping when he fell to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16375419", "title": "Firms in dock on stamp duty evasion", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority on Wednesday sent notices to 20 industrialists for violating norms and failing to pay stamp duty for Information Technology (IT) plots allotted to them under a special scheme. As allottees have not fulfilled the pre-conditions of allotment, they now face cancellation of their plots as well as heavy penalties if they do not pay up within 15 days. Authority officials said institutional allottees will also be probed as even they haven't paid stamp duty for their plots.Around 70 plots were allotted between 2005 and 2012 to set up IT units in both industrial and institutional categories in Noida. As per a government notification, the stamp duty was waived off to promote IT/ITES related firms.However, the exemption came with a rider and allottees had to establish their units within a stipulated period.A survey was conducted by the Authority last month after receiving complaints that a large number of companies who had been exempted from duty were still not carrying out IT-related activities. \"A list of truant allottees was drawn up and notices warning of strict action were sent to more than 70 plot owners last month by the Gautam Budh Nagar registrar's office (stamps),\" said Vipin Gaur, GM (industry), Noida. \"In response to the notice, only three allottees paid up before August 22,\" Gaur said.Officials claimed to have incurred revenue losses of nearly Rs 80 crore due to stamp duty evasion. The UP stamp and registration minister had in May commented on the issue and reportedly ordered department officials to start a probe.The 20 notices issued by the Authority through a public notice include industrial units located in Sectors 63, 64, 67, 68, 80, 84, 90, 140 and 140A. \"As per instructions received from the state government, these companies have been asked to pay the exempted stamp duty and a yearly penalty of 18% interest from the date of purchase of their plots with 15 days or face strict action,\" said Gaur.According to officials, around 10 firms in the institutional category have not adhered to the pre-conditions for availing the stamp duty holiday. They have been shortlisted and would receive a notice from the Authority soon, officials said.For the stamp duty waiver, the allotment conditions require the allottees to get their layout plans sanctioned within 18 months from the date of purchase. Several other benefits were also awarded to the allottees if they abided by the pre-conditions. \"The construction was to be completed within three years. Also, the completion certificate for the building was to be acquired within five years,\" Gaur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376665", "title": "CCTV cameras to be installed in observation homes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four months after the revelations of alleged sexual abuse of women and juvenile inmates at Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home, the Haryana government on Tuesday decided to install close circuit TV (CCTV) cameras in observation homes and special homes for security of those residing in them.Women and child development department officials said the directive has already been issued to district programme officers and superintendents of these homes for necessary action. Misra disclosed that permission has also been sought for provision of video conferencing in the observation homes, so that in future evidence of juveniles could be done through e-conferencing with the magistrate. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374604", "title": "Alert sounded in six districts of Sone river basin", "text": "PATNA: Apprehending the likely large-scale ravages in the six districts belonging to the Sone river basin due to release of unprecedented volume of water in the river as witnessed last year, the state government on Wednesday sounded an alert in the districts concerned.Last year, similar situation arose due to sudden increase in the levels of water in the reservoirs of Vansagar dam in Madhya Pradesh (MP) and Rihand dam in Uttar Pradesh (UP), both constructed on the river Sone.The WRD sent messages to the DMs of Kaimur, Rohtas, Bhojpur, Aurangabad, Arwal and Patna districts as well as disaster management department (DMD) headquarters here.The alert, however, is predicated on the likely dramatic changes in the level of water in the reservoirs of the two dams and the onset of heavy rainfall in the catchment areas of the river Sone in MP, UP, Jharkhand and Bihar. Already, the water carrying capacity of the reservoir of Vansagar dam has been exhausted, as its water level has reached the maximum height. Similarly, the reservoir of the Rihand dam is not yet full, but its water level is increasing in a sustained manner.Superintending engineer at the flood monitoring and control cell of WRD Jawahar Lal said the department is keeping watch at the emergency situation with the help of one each of junior engineer (JE) and assistant engineer (AE) deputed at the two places for four months since June.The practice of deputing two engineers at the two places has been started from this year in the light of the experiences of last year, when the volume of water flowing through the river Sone increased suddenly to unprecedented 9.50 lakh cusecs, since there was heavy rain in the catchment areas of the river, on the one hand, and Madhya Pradesh also released water from Vansagar dam reservoir without informing or alerting the Bihar WRD about it.\"Normally, the volume of water in the river Sone increases suddenly. We, therefore, cannot take chances. If there is heavy rainfall in the catchment areas of the river, the situation would definitely go bad. Both MP and UP will release additional volume of water from the Vansagar and Rihand dam reservoirs, in case there is rain,\" Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376076", "title": "Extortionist \u2018attempts suicide\u2019 to evade arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: An extortionist attempted suicide, after blaming a Vakola police officer and a reporter, as a last-ditch effort to escape arrest. But cops saw through his ploy and booked him in a new case. The Versova police will arrest the accused, Ravindra Trivedi, in a suicide attempt case after his discharge from hospital.The Vakola police had recently booked Trivedi in an extortion case. Trivedi then alleged that the Vakola police officer with the help of a local reporter had framed him in the case and they were pressuring him for money. He told cops that he was upset with their demand and had decided to end his life.Trivedi wrote a suicide note, naming the police officer and reporter concerned. He then consumed poison at Seven Bungalows in Versova on Tuesday. He also informed a friend about his location and condition, said the police. The friend went to the spot and admitted Trivedi to Cooper Hospital, cops said.Doctors have said that Trivedi is out of danger but has been kept under observation.Cops suspect that Trivedi made the suicide bid to seek attention and to avoid police action in the extortion case. An officer said, \"We found loopholes in his story. He staged the drama to avoid arrest.\"Cops said they are inquiring about his allegation. The police said Trivedi had extorted money from road-side stall owner. DCP (zone-9), Pratap Dighavkar said, \"We have booked Trivedi in a suicide attempt case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375521", "title": "Maha Lok Adalat to settle 45K cases on Sept 16", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 45,000 cases are likely to be settled in the forthcoming edition of Maha Lok Adalat to be conducted by the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) in Nagpur on September 16. Addressing a press meet, principal district and sessions judge Subhash Mohod, senior judge GJ Akarte and DLSA secretary Kishor Jaiswal informed that among the total cases, 22,982 are pending litigations are while pre-litigations disputes are 22,328.\"About 93 panels comprising three experts, headed by a sitting/retired judge, an advocate and a paralegal volunteer or social worker each, will try to convince the parties to reach a settlement. In fact, one of the cases dates back to 1969,\" informed Mohod.Jaiswal pointed out that unlike the previous editions, this highly successful concept would start at 10am sharp without any formalities of inauguration. \"All types of civil cases, land acquisition matters, criminal cases (compoundable), matrimonial disputes, motor accident claim petitions, cheque dishonour cases under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act and cases under Motor Vehicles Act will be kept for amicable settlement between the parties,\" he said.Over 1.12 lakh cases were disposed of in the previous three sessions, said Jaiswal. \"As a result, pendency in Nagpur district then had reduced significantly to 2.10 lakh cases. In the last edition held on March 4, pendency of the Nagpur District and Sessions Court was reduced by around 17% on a single day,\" he said.\"This is a golden chance for litigants to settle their cases. It will not only help them save time but also money. The award reached will be through legitimate effect of court and experts. Thus, it will be very beneficial to everyone,\" informed Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375087", "title": "Plea against Raj Thackeray", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi-based lawyer has filed a complaint against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray before a trial court for allegedly branding Bihar natives in Mumbai as infiltrators.The complaint, filed by an advocate Prem Shankar Sharma, said Thackeray's remarks, also threatening Bihar natives to throw them out of Maharashtra, is provocative and an anti-national statement. He sought registration of an FIR against him.\"Thackeray's remarks that Bihar natives who have been living in Maharasthr shall be kicked out from Maharashtra were defaming and that his provocative statement is against national integration as the Indian Constitution has given the right to any person to live anywhere in the country peacefully,\" said Sharma in his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377043", "title": "KMC admits lapses in tender process for trident lights", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has finally admitted 'procedural' lapses in case of awarding contract to several firms for installing trident lights as part of the city's beautification project.In a letter sent to the governor M K Narayanan, the civic body has admitted that the KMC lighting department should have been more vigilant in inviting tenders for awarding contracts to install trident lights across the city. The governor had asked the civic authorities to let him know what led to the controversy after the lights were installed in large parts of the city. Narayanan wanted a detailed report from the civic top brass on this issue.After receiving the letter from Narayanan, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed passed it on to joint municipal commissioner Sahidul Islam for preparing a detailed report on the gradual history of the trident lights, from the tender process to its installation at various places. Islam took help of the KMC director-general (lighting) Gautam Patnaik to come clean on the issue and explained what led to the procedural lapses in connection with awarding contracts to the firms for supply and installation of the decorative lights.Finally, the KMC lighting department conceded that the 'tender process' had some flaws in it since the department had invited 'notice tender' and did not put the tender on the official website of the civic body. It published the same in the magazine called 'tender barta.' However, the lighting department officials revealed that they had to bypass some tender laws as there was mounting pressure on them to finish the job of installation of trident lights before monsoon. \"Mayor had told us to start the work by February and finish it by June. We had to install as many as 15000 such decorative lights. We had little time left to go for a lengthy tendering process,\" said a KMC official. That is the reason why the KMC lighting department had to create 540 files to keep each work order below Rs 5 lakh, thus bypassing a KMC rule which says that any work order above Rs 5 lakh needs to be published in the newspapers.However, sources in the KMC said that the civic top bosses have kept mum on the issue of high pricing of the trident lights. While the KMC lighting department had purchased a trident light post with fittings at Rs 17690, it is selling such a light at Rs 9600 (with fittings). \"If the governor has asked us to explain the trident lights issue, how can we ignore it. We will make things clear,\" mayor Sovan Chatterjee said. in somewhat round about way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376854", "title": "You may get power hike shock every 3 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready for power hike jitters every three months, as following the directives of Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC), the UT electricity department is all set to procure the extra bucks that go into buying fuel and power from the city residents. The first hike will be reflected in the next electricity bill and there on after every three months \"adjustments\" in the bill will be made. These \"adjustments\" will depend on how much extra the electricity department had to pay to purchase power for those three months.The increase will be as per the units used. It implies -- more the usage, higher will be the tariff hike. So, consumers falling under 0-150 units' slab will have to pay 8 paisa more for every unit, whereas consumers using 150-400 units and above will have to pay 14 paisa and 15 paisa more per unit in the coming bill.According to the existing tariff rate, a consumer who used 500 units of electricity in one month paid Rs 2,200. However, after the increased tariff of 15 paisa, the same consumer will have to pay Rs 75 more. The total bill of two months will be Rs 2,350. Officials of electricity department, however, called it a 'marginal' increase in tariff.The department officials said the cost adjustment was being made to cover the variation in power cost that was faced due to different electricity rates at different power sources at different point of time because of which the administration had to pay more than the estimated budget.Second tariff hike in financial yearChandigarh: Get ready for power hike jitters every three months, as following the directives of Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC), the UT electricity department is all set to procure the extra bucks that go into buying fuel and power from the city residents.A senior department officer said, \"There might not be a quarterly hike, but consumers must be ready for yearly hike because of fuel and power purchase cost adjustment (FPPCA).\"The guidelines given by JERC mentioned that fuel and power purchase cost adjustment from April to June would be made in July and that it would be reflected in consumers' bills of August, September and October. The formula would be applicable from April 1 onwards.For this financial year, it will be the second tariff hike. It was only on May 8 that JERC had permitted UT to increase the tariff by 10.22%. This is for the first time ever that consumers will have to pay for FPPCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16378967", "title": "Desi Mysore snacks keep NRIs happy", "text": "MYSORE: Happala, chakli, kodbale, karigedabu - desi snacks churned out in a typical South Indian kitchen in Mysore - find their way across India and even abroad. Sweets and crispies made by a Mysorean, for Mysoreans spread far and wide.Locals flock to the house of Padmaja, in Krishnamurthipuram, for her snacks with that special Mysore flavour. These are not just served with the evening coffee, but also packed and sent to children and relatives abroad.Padmaja, 56, has been preparing homemade snacks and masalas for the past three decades. She has neither a brand nor markets her products, but people queue up to buy her stuff. When she started out on her little venture, little did she know that her homemade pudis and powders would be sent to people settled outside Mysore, who miss homemade food and need ready mix masalas to flavour their dishes.Says Padmaja: \"Our family had a financial problem so we started making and selling traditional food. I used to cater only to known people and neighbours.\" Over the years, her fame spread by word of mouth.On an average, every year she gets around 20 orders for her customers' kith and kin settled abroad. She is kept informed about the arrival and departure of children and orders placed well in time for Padmaja to start preparing the items.A variety of her special masalas and powders are ordered by the kilo. \"They prefer to buy masala powder and sandige in large quantity.\" The shelf life of the sandige she prepares is two years, claims Padmaja. Sandige are crispies which are fried before being served. Gayathri Manjunath gives orders when her son comes down from the US to visit her. Said Gayathri: \"He misses homemade food and I place my order in advance. Food items are fresh as they are prepared after we give orders.\"Padmaja takes special care to pack the items which are to be sent abroad in zip-locked plastic bags.Her range is wide and lip-smacking: apart from the regular snacks like chakli, kodbale, happala, there's nippattu, sajjappa, muchori sweets like kobbari mitai, different types of unde and obbattu. She also specializes in masalas like rasam powder, sambar powder and puliyogre gojju.She started out alone, and for 12 years, handled her orders single-handedly. Later, when the orders began growing, she hired a few helpers.Says Susheela, a regular customer: \"I usually buy snacks and masala powders for my daughter staying in Hyderabad. I cannot make masalas in large quantity and the products available in the market are not fresh.\"Sandhya, resident of Agrahara, says, \"I don't know how to prepare obbattu and other snacks. I place orders when my family wants these dishes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378200", "title": "Akshay Sethi plays an obsessive fan of Kareena on CID", "text": "Earlier we reported that Akshay Sethi chose Life OK's Savdhaan India over Sahara One's Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna and it seems the young lad is in love with doing episodic series on the small screen.After essaying a character in Savdhaan India, Akshay is all set to make an appearance on Fireworks Production's C.I.D on Sony TV. Akshay will not only be part of CID but will also share a screen space with Kareena Kapoor .Yes, you heard it right! Kareena will make her presence felt on CID to promote her upcoming flick Herione.Sources inform that the story will revolve around a mentally unstable man played by Akshay Sethi and his obsession for the Bollywood diva Kareena Kapoor. Akshay is so obsessed with Kareena that he keeps on writing letters to her and ends up killing one of her Bodyguards in order to get to her.This is when Kareena will seek help from CID team to find the murderer.When contacted, Akshay Sethi said, \"Yes, I have been approached but I can't comment anything at this point of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377165", "title": "4 new engineering colleges for West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government will set up four engineering colleges in Darjeeling, Alipurduar, Purulia and Murshidabad.It is after almost 16 years that the government has planned to build such institutes that will help expand technical education in backward districts like Purulia and Murshidabad. \"The engineering colleges will be set up entirely with government funds. We have written to the four district magistrates requesting for land,\" said a senior higher education department official.At present, there are six government engineering colleges in the state which include two in Kolkata and one each in Kalyani, Behrampore, Jalpaiguri and Serampore. \"The last government college was established way back in 1996 in Kalyani. Two reasons played a major role in preventing new government colleges from coming up. First, there was an acute shortage of funds since the Left Front regime. The cash crunch still remains. But the Trinamool-led government has major plans for the education sector which has prompted them to come up with four new governmentengineering colleges. Secondly, private players played a major role in expanding engineering education in West Bengal as more and more private investors set up institutes,\" added another higher education department official.If new engineering colleges are set up, students will have to pay less fees as compared to private institutes. \"The lump sum charged by the private colleges sometimes ruins a family since they bleed heavily after paying the fee.Despite a cap on the fee these institutes can charge, complaints pour in regarding the violation of norms. Setting up four new government colleges will solve the crisis,\" said the official.Around 300 students will be given admissions from the 2014-2015 session. \"It will take us around two years to prepare the infrastructure,\" said the senior higher education official.\"It is the CM's dream to expand the horizon of education. Accordingly, she has asked us to set up new government engineering colleges. I have proposed the matter to the DMs and have written letters to allot land for the colleges,\" said education minister Bratya Basu.At present, the entire district of Purulia or even Darjeeling does not have any engineering college. \"Though Jalpaiguri has one government engineering college which was established way back in 1961, it is not sufficient for Dooars and hardly caters to the huge demand among students. Thus, another government engineering college has been planned in the same district since North Bengal has enormous importance,\" said the official.On Monday, the higher education department has already written to the DMs seeking lands to set up the colleges.\"A minimum 5 acres is required for each college.We have already received information about suitable land in Darjeeling and Murshidabad while replies from the other two districts is awaited. There will be adequate funds provided for the colleges. Moreover, students will benefit from the hostels and well equipped libraries which shall also be an integral part of the colleges,\" said the official.The students will find a place in these colleges through WBJEE. Initially, the most popular streams like electronics and telecommunications, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, civil and B.Pharma will be opened. Later, the government may include more streams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16378304", "title": "Sarita Joshi, prominent citizens slam insanitary conditions in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Noted film, TV and theatre personality Sarita Joshi declared last week that she would not perform theatre in her native state of Gujarat henceforth. The reason for her ire was the insanitary conditions in Vadodara's public auditoriums, which incidentally, are not even planned for theatre activities.She was also appalled by the general sanitary condition in the city.Talking to TOI , she said, the city was generally suffering because of an apathetic attitude of the civic authorities. \" The city witnessing horrible traffic jams and main streets turning into mini canals during rains was unheard of a few years ago. Everywhere I go, I see huge piles of trash lying on road side and general apathy on everybody's part. Vadodara wasn't like this in the past when I used to come here on Ranjitsinh ji's(late Gaekwad scion) invitation, or to meet friends or perform theatre,\" she said about her native city.Her views are echoed by several noted personalities of the city as well. \"How horrible, shameful and how tragic\", is how the noted economist, author and wife of late RBI governor I G Patel reacted to the prevailing insanitary conditions in the city, in view of Joshi's remarks. \"The roadsides are filthy and full of plastic bags and cattle roam everywhere. There is no continuous cleaning and the city starts swimming whenever there is a heavy shower,\" she said adding that the city could probably develop a civic sense if there was a consistent awareness campaign.Nisha Grover, the managing trustee of Akshar Trust, however said that \"the growing filth in the city should be seen as a shared responsibility and more awareness programmes are required to develop a civic sense in the community.\" If every citizen started doing his or her own bit in keeping the streets clean, we would not have much reasons to complain,\" she noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16374048", "title": "High jumper Girisha aims for top spot at World IPC Games", "text": "BANGALORE: High on confidence after his big leap in London which saw him win India's only medal at the Paralympics, high jumper HN Girisha is now gunning for gold.\"My next aim is to win the gold. Next year the world IPC Games will be held in Paris and there I want to win gold,\" a composed Girisha told reporters here. \"Now I want to compete in more international competitions as I'm confident of doing well,\" he added.Recapping his journey from Hassan to London, the 24-year-old said: \"It is a dream of every athlete to win an Olympic medal and for me it was the Paralaympics. Surely, I was not expecting this but once I got to London early and started doing well in training my confidence level went up.\"Asked about the experience of performing before the packed crowd at the Olympic stadium, set alive a few weeks back by the likes of Usain Bolt , Girisha said he was mentally prepared for the big day.\"We went there early and so I got acclimatized to the weather. I had also prepared myself for the big moment and it helped me perform in front of nearly one lakh people. I'm happy because I got the silver,\" he said recapping the final which saw all the medallists clear the same height of 1.74m with the medals being settled on count back.The Paralympian also urged the government to provide equal opportunities for the disabled. \"As physically challenged people we want equal opportunities. Not just for myself but for everyone in every field so that we can excel,\" Girisha said.Girisha was stumped when a reporter asked him which city according to him was the fittest. After a brief pause came the reply \"Hassan\". He also instantly coined a slogan for fitness \"run for fitness\". Another question on the controversies surrounding the Paralympic Committee of India was answered with poise by Girisha. \"There are no controversies,\" he said, refusing to elaborate.Remembering all his near and dear ones for their unwavering support, Girisha said he couldn't wait to see his parents. \"I'm missing my parents. I don't know when I'm going to meet them but I want to see them at the earliest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16375173", "title": "Cotton proves lucky for AP farmers", "text": "GUNTUR: Cotton seems to be turning the corner for the beleaguered farming community in the state. While cotton production all over the globe has declined owing to steep rise in production costs, AP is witness to record production of cotton and the farmers are likely to reap the windfall.With the Centre increasing the minimum support price (MSP) from Rs 3,350 to Rs 3,900 per quintal, the farmers are expected to profit as the cost of cultivation has come down. \"The farmer is assured of profit as the Cotton Corporation of India would pick up the stocks at MSP even if the prices dip in the open market. A profit of Rs 20,000-30,000 is really a godsend in the given adverse atmospheric conditions,\" observed an agriculture department officer.According to predictions, AP is likely to produce a record 70 lakh bales if everything goes well till the end of the crop season. The state produced around 55 lakh bales in the just concluded season, which was nearly 20% of the total country's production. \"There could be heavy demand for cotton seed as the oil seeds cultivation has gone down,\" confirmed Bramhanaiah Naidu, a senior official at CCI.At the national level, mid-monsoon predictions reported that there could be 6-8% decrease in cotton production bringing it down to 320 lakh bales. Predictions from across the globe have also reported cotton production declining by 5-11%, but the production area in AP has gone up by 30%. According to the latest indications, farmers have cultivated cotton in 23 lakh hectares as against 17.5 lakh acres last year.Farmers have pursued cotton cultivation in an aggressive manner despite prediction that the domestic consumption (read spinning mills) could go down in the next season due to prolonged power cuts in the state. As against the usual practice,Farmers are still sowing cotton which otherwise is stopped by July-end. As per the agriculture department's estimations, the farmers will have to spend around Rs 15,000-20,000 per acre from which they get around 14-18 quintals of production. Sources said the farmers will get a total income of Rs 54,000 from each acre and a profit of around Rs 34,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379246", "title": "NHRC seeks report on sanitation woes in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The pathetic condition of sanitation in the millennia old city also drew the attention of Human Rights Commission (NHRC). In its notice issued to the district magistrate on September 11, the NHRC has sought a report in the matter within four weeks.Responding to the complaint of Chetan Upadhyaya, a local resident, secretary of Satya Foundation, the Law Division of NHRC issued notice to the district administration. In his complaint Upadhyaya alleged that the government machinery miserably failed in clearing the huge pile of garbage and also in giving smooth roads to the people in Varanasi. The mixture of these two is causing so many diseases apart from giving big jolt to the image of Varanasi.In his complaint sent to NHRC on August 31 by registered post and fax, and on September 1 by e-mail, Upadhyaya said that the human rights of citizens (sanitation and road) are trampled in Varanasi. Most of the provisions of Municipal Solid Wastes (Management and Handling) Rules, 2000 are openly flouted in the city due to lack of awareness and will-power.The district magistrate Saurabh Babu along with municipal officials made a surprise inspection of sanitary condition of city on Tuesday. He directed the municipal authorities to ensure sanitation and proper disposal of municipal waste in the city at the earliest. The additional municipal commissioner Sachchidanand Singh informed that 30 sanitary workers had been engaged in each ward, and the city would have a cleaner look in next 10 days.It may be mentioned here that the problem aggravated after A2Z, a private company engaged in collection and management of municipal solid waste, stopped its work from August 23 due to non-payment of dues. The gravity of the situation could be understood with the fact that even the divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari had to instruct the municipal authorities in this regard in all the meetings. If the report of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is to be believed, there is a generation of 600MT municipal waste everyday out of, which approximately 450MT/day of waste is collected. After A2Z stopped their work, the backlog of waste multiplied in manifolds, and most of the localities witnessed huge piles of wastes.Before the A2Z arrangement there was no system of door-to-door collection of wastes and source segregation of wastes, though these practices are considered as the best for effective solid waste management. The door-to-door waste collection was started when solid waster management came into existence under a public-private partnership (PPP) between the municipal corporation of Varanasi and the A2Z Group in 2009. But, today as mentioned in the complaint to NHRC, the presence of large quantity of wastes along the roadsides clearly violated the Municipal Solid Wastes (Management and Handling) Rules, 2000 that suggests that every municipal authority is responsible for collection, segregation, storage, transportation, processing and disposal of municipal solid wastes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379461", "title": "Education officer stresses quality education", "text": "RANCHI: District Education Officer (DEO) Mahip Singh on Tuesday convened a meeting for principals from 20 plus two schools in the city to discuss quality education for students. The DEO is emphasizing on quality education since the 2011-2012 intermediate results were poor.Singh said, \"Quality education is important for students to get good marks. In the meeting, we decided to conduct a two-day workshop for the plus two school principals and teachers slated tentatively on September 21-22. Experts from different institutes will be invited to the workshop. The major points of discussion will be quality education, classroom management and school administration.\"A major requirement for quality education is good infrastructure, said Singh.\"All schools provided a list of requirements like laboratories, libraries, stationeries, benches and other necessities. Since there is no shortage of funds, I have given a go ahead to the schools to spend money from their development funds on improving the infrastructure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376182", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation, govt agencies to integrate CCTV network", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation and other government agencies have decided to integrate the closed circuit television network in the city.A proposal to install 1,000 CCTV cameras in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad was mooted by the Pune police following the blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1.A decision to have a combined network was taken during a meeting held in Mumbai on Monday. The meeting was attended by state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and district collector Vikas Deshmukh.Pathak said having a main control room for all the cameras will help in maintaining a proper vigil throughout the city. \"At present, the civic administration has a network of around 40 cameras, which were installed using MLA and MP funds. A combined network will be set up with the old and new cameras,\" he added.Pathak had earlier appealed to commercial establishments to install cameras on their premises so that they can be made part of the larger network. Nearly 1,000 private establishments have installed CCTV cameras following Pathak's appeal. \"The PMC will be issuing guidelines for setting up the cameras so that the networking could be easier,\" Pathak added.Deshmukh said the state's IT department will carry out a survey in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad to identify locations where monitoring rooms and data back-up labs can be set up. A team of technical consultants is expected to visit the city soon to conduct the survey. The team will also look into whether a wireless CCTV camera system could be set up.Deshmukh said the team is working on CCTV surveillance system in Mumbai at present. It will prepare a detailed project report and submit it to a high-level core committee for approval.He said the total cost of the project would be finalized after approval of the DPR. Of the total budget, installation of cameras would need around 25% funds, while the rest will go towards maintenance of the system.Deshmukh said the district administration has urged the 16 MLAs and seven MPs in the district to allocate funds for the proposal from their respective funds. Allocation from every MLA and MP is expected to be Rs 30 lakh and Rs 75 lakh respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16378706", "title": "Gym for students, faculty at NITTR", "text": "BHOPAL: National Institute of Technical Teachers' Training and Research (NITTTR) started a gym for its students and faculties at its Chandrakant hostel here. The Institute chairman Prof Amitabh Ghosh inaugurated the gym. It is equipped with all modern equipments including advance weight training machines. The Institute has planned to add more features in the gym in the near future. On the occasion, its director, Prof Vijay Agarwal was also present.Workshop at IIFM: Indian Institute of Forest Management (IIFM) will organise a two-day training workshop on 'Forest certifications: a marketing tool for sustainable forest management' for Indian Forest Service (IFS) officers from September 13. According to the IIFM authorities, 30 senior IFS officers from various parts of the country will participate in the workshop. The training programme will deliberate the emerging issues of sustainable forest management and a market mechanism called forest certification that links good forestry practices with green markets.Engineers' Day: The Institution of Engineers will organize a function to mark Engineers Day on September 15. According to the organisers, director general, Central Power Research Institute, E Muragesan will be the chief guest of the function. The theme of the programme will be appropriate climate-responsive technologies for inclusive growth and sustainable development. Besides, experts from various fields will deliver lecture, on the occasion.Gold medal: Sachin Soni of SCOPE College won three gold medals in the recently concluded nodal swimming competition organised by the Rajiv Gandhi Technical University (RGTU). He won the first position in the 1500 m freestyle, 100m backstroke and 200m backstroke. Sachin will participate in the state-level competition to start from September 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374037", "title": "iPhone 5 first device to use next-gen processor", "text": "NEW DELHI: While many of the upgrades in the new iPhone are evolutionary there is one big change that has surprised many. The new phone is powered by a new dual-core processor that uses ARM's next-generation cores called A15.A15 cores are a huge step up from A9 cores that power most of the smartphone processors currently. ARM, a firm based in the UK, doesn't make a processor but licences its technology which is used by companies like Apple, Samsung, Qualcomm and Texas Instrument.ARM describes Cortex A15 processor as \"the highest-performance licensable processor the industry has ever seen\". iPhone 5 is the first phone to feature this technology.While introducing the new iPhone, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller said that A6 processor in the iPhone is twice as fast as A5, which powers iPhone 4S. \"You're going to see this in many things you do. Two times faster performance across the board,\" he said.The new chip is also 22% smaller than A5. While the reasons for smaller size are not clear it could be either because Apple is making these chips with a better silicon manufacturing technology in 32nm Samsung fabs or it is using TSMC's 28nm fabs. Fabs are factories where silicon manufacturing takes place. Also, so far Apple has not revealed the graphics chip it is using inside A6.Both Samsung and Texas Instrument are already working on their next-generation processors but it is unlikely that they would introduce products powered by these processors this year. Qualcomm, however, has created Krait cores by heavily modifying A9 technology and is likely to stick to it for a while.Samsung has claimed that its next-generation dual-core processor, called Exynos 5250, will have a memory interface providing 12.8 GB/sec of memory bandwidth, support for USB 3.0 and SATA 3.0. The chip will also decode 1080P videos at 60 frames per second and will be able to simultaneously support a resolution of 2560x1600 on a mobile display as well as 1080P over HDMI. This chip will use Mali Mali-T604 graphics processor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16378043", "title": "Locals seek rollback of house tax hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hundreds of locals under the banner of Public Ekta Manch, UP, on Wednesday staged protest at against the increased house tax at Ghantaghar crossing. They demanded the Allahabad Municipal Corporation to roll back the hike in house tax.The protesters shouted slogans against the municipal corporation.State president, Public Ekta Manch, UP, Vijay Gupta said, \"Newly elected corporators of the municipal corporation should protest the hike in house tax.It is their moral responsibility to check the arbitrary hike in house tax.\"Manch activists also called upon people to come forward to lodge protest so that officials of the municipal corporation are not able to increase house tax. \"People should come on a common platform and lodge protest against the hike,\" said a manch leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376692", "title": "'Distribute stored, rotting foodgrains in the FCI godown among poor'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A huge crowd laid siege to the warehouses of the Food Corporation of India at Talkatora road on Wednesday to draw the attention of government to large quantity of foodgrains rotting there while poor are deprived of food.Held jointly by the All India Democratic Women's Association and Communist party of India (Marxist), people assembled in front of the Vidhan Bhawan and took out a march to the food godowns.When the protestors entered the store house of the FCI after breaking its lock, they found many gunny bags lying open and the foodgrain rotting. They demanded that not only people below poverty line but also others should be distributed food through the public distribution system.State secretary of AIDWA, Madhu Garg demanded that foodgrain rotting in the FCI godown should be distributed among people. She pointed out how due to corruption, thousands of metric tonnes of wheat could not reach the needy in Pilibhit, Faizabad, Gorakhpur and Siddharthnagar. She claimed that everyone in the state administration is involved in anomalies in distribution of food grains to the poor and needy.In order to provide food security to the poor, the protestors demanded that every poor family be provided at least 35 kilograms of foodgrains at Rs 2/kg per month. Apart from foodgrains, the ration shops should also provide other necessities at subsidised cost, instead of letting it rot in ware houses.Protestors alleged that shopkeepers running the public distribution system do not open their shops and indulge in black marketing of foodgrains. Commenting on the Food Security Bill , CPM leader Premnath Rai said, \"The bill will bring food insecurity among poor if they fail to get grain at subsidised rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16373973", "title": "iPhone 5 first device to use next-gen processor", "text": "NEw DELHI: While many of the upgrades in the new iPhone are evolutionary there is one big change that has surprised many. The new phone is powered by a new dual-core processor that uses ARM's next-generation cores called A15.A15 cores are a huge step up from A9 cores that power most of the smartphone processors currently. ARM, a firm based in the UK, doesn't make a processor but licences its technology which is used by companies like Apple, Samsung, Qualcomm and Texas Instrument.ARM describes Cortex A15 processor as \"the highest-performance licensable processor the industry has ever seen\". iPhone 5 is the first phone to feature this technology.While introducing the new iPhone, Phil Schiller said that A6 processor in the iPhone is two times faster than A5, which powers iPhone 4S. \"You're going to see this in many things you do. Two times faster performance across the board,\" he said.The new chip is also 22% smaller than A5. While the reasons for smaller size are not clear it could be either because Apple is making these chips with a better silicon manufacturing technology in 32nm Samsung fabs or it is using TSMC's 28nm fabs. Fabs are factories where silicon manufacturing takes place. Also, so far Apple has not revealed the graphics chip it is using inside A6.Both Samsung and Texas Instrument are already working on their next-generation processors but it is unlikely that they would introduce products powered by these processors this year. Qualcomm, however, has created Krait cores by heavily modifying A9 technology and is likely to stick to it for a while.Samsung has claimed that its next-generation dual-core processor, called Exynos 5250, will have a memory interface providing 12.8 GB/sec of memory bandwidth, support for USB 3.0 and SATA 3.0. The chip will also decode 1080P videos at 60 frames per second and will be able to simultaneously support a resolution of 2560x1600 on a mobile display as well as 1080P over HDMI. This chip will use Mali Mali-T604 graphics processor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375895", "title": "Pak envoy gets term extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has extended the term of its high commissioner to Pakistan Sharat Sabharwal for six months, fuelling speculation of a prime ministerial visit to Islamabad in the near future.The speculation has also gained momentum as PM's private secretary Jaideep Sarkar, who is rumoured to have been appointed as new envoy to Israel, is yet to take up his assignment. Pakistan and PM Manmohan Singh are keen on a visit. Sources in the MEA said that Sabharwal is also keen to stay on in Pakistan. The MEA was apparently considering posting T C A Raghavan, high commissioner in Singapore, to Pakistan. Consequently, Vijay Thakur Singh, who was hoping to go to Singapore, has to stay put in Delhi. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16374438", "title": "HN Girisha gets a call from Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "BANGALORE: HN Girisha won't forget Tuesday's call in a hurry. For on the other side was none other than Sachin Tendulkar . \"I was thrilled to receive his call. He congratulated me on winning the silver and said I'm an inspiration for all Indians. He said my performance will inspire future generations as well,\" Girisha said.\"Tendulkar also told me that I shouldn't stop with this achievement and should win more medals for the country.\"I hope you will do better in the coming years and win gold for the country,\" Girisha said, recalling the cricketer's words. The silver medallist said he is now waiting for the dream meeting with Sachin. \"I'm sure I'll soon get a chance to meet him. I don't know when and where but that day will come,\" he said. Asked whether Sachin promised any gifts, Girisha said. \"That was never discussed at all.\" Asked about other sportspersons calling up, Girisha said: \"No one else called but I saw many messages on twitter. Also it was so nice on Saina Nehwal's part to announce the Rs 2 lakh cash award.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376667", "title": "Robber killed, 2 cops hurt in Dabok shooting", "text": "JAIPUR: In an exchange of fire between a gang of robbers and police, a criminal was shot dead while a sub-inspector and a constable sustained injuries at Dabok police station area in Udaipur on Wednesday night.Three robbers were hiding in a room at a midway food joint and opened fire at the police team after the latter had surrounded them and blocked all exit points, officers said.The deceased Arvind Kumar was a historysheeter. Subinspector Lachhi Ram and constable Mahendra Singh are undergoing treatment at a hospital.A gang of criminals in a Scorpio had attempted to rob a trucker in Rhishabhdev police station area some time ago. When the trucker protested, they fired at him. The trucker sustained injuries while the miscreants fled away.\"We were investigating the case and had identified some of the robbers. We came to know that they were planning another robbery, and therefore, launched a frantic search for them,\" said a police officer.The police had arrested one of the robbers on Tuesday night and got a tip-off about the others hiding at a food joint on the Nandwel Road in Dabok police station area. A team was rushed to the spot under the supervision of SHO Rajesh Sharma.\"The team knocked on the door of the room, where in, the robbers were sleeping. However , it seems, the robbers came to know about the police presence . They tried to escape from a window, but the place was surrounded from all corners,\" an officer said.When the cops tried to break open the door, the robbers started firing at them leaving two injured.\"The police retaliated and opened fire in which Arvind sustained bullet injuries. He was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead. Two other robbers escaped taking advantage of the confusion ,\" the officer said.Senior police officers including SP, Udaipur Hariprasad Sharma rushed to the spot. A forensic team collected evidence.Arvind had several cases of robbery, dacoity, theft and attempt to murder registered against him with various police stations in Udaipur, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374906", "title": "More free to visit Christian, Muslim nations: Dalai", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite being a Buddhist leader the 14th Dalai Lama says he feels he has \"more freedom to visit Christian and some Muslim countries than Buddhist ones\". He spoke on \"the importance of non-violence and ethical values\" at Jamia Millia Islamia University on Wednesday.When asked about photos of the alleged involvement of Burmese monks in torturing Muslims, Dalai Lama explained that the photos were later proved to be of a rescue effort by monks after an earthquake in Tibet .Dalai Lama also expressed an \"attraction\" for Marxism-Socialism. He declared himself a \"Buddhist-Marxist\" who is \"a little wiser than just materialistic Marxists\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16376542", "title": "Order over cancelling bail to Virbhadra reserved", "text": "SHIMLA: A special court while hearing the prosecution's application seeking cancellation of bail to former Union minister Virbhadra Singh in a corruption case, reserved its order for September 15 here on Wednesday. Special judge B L Soni also announced September 21 as the date for starting recording of evidence in the criminal case.Making a strong plea for cancelling of bail, public prosecutor Jiwan Lal Sharma claimed before the court that an attempt had been made to induce as well as threaten prosecution witnesses in the case. A complaint lodged before the police by H N Handa, and a statement of Amar Singh , both prosecution witnesses, were relied upon by the public prosecutor to make out a case for cancellation of the bail, arguing that the accused, who is a five-time former chief minister, was an influential man and could affect the course of trial.With filing of charges in October, 2010, the court had granted conditional bail to the accused, who then was a cabinet minister in the Manmohan Singh government. Virbhadra's counsel Shrawan Dogra opposed the prosecution's arguments by contesting that the evidence produced was concocted to frame the accused in a politically motivated case.Dogra said that the prosecution was heavily relying on unauthorized video and audio recordings to wrongly claim that prosecution witnesses H N Handa was pursued by the accused to retract from his statement recorded before the police. He pointed out that the court had already held a CD produced as evidence during framing of charge as inadmissible evidence.The defense lawyer cited that two prosecution witnesses, Brigadier (Retd) Kapil Mohan, owner of Mohan Meakin Breweries, and P C Jain of Ambuja Cement, had petitioned the high court stating that they had made no statement before the police which had been produced as evidence against the accused.Having heard out the two sides, the judge reserved his order. The judge also announced his intention for early hearing of evidence in the case.Virbhadra and his wife Pratibha Singh are accused in the case of having accepted illegal gratifications for establishment of a cement plant and to grant more time than permitted to the liquor company for adding an effluent treatment plant to its Solan distillery in 1989-90.The case was made out on the basis of a CD made public by former Congressman Vijay Singh Mankotia in June 2007, which allegedly has recorded telephonic conversations of Virbhadra and his wife Pratibha with deceased bureaucrat Mohinder Lal talking about illegal money transactions. The court has already held it as inadmissible evidence.After investigation, a case under Prevention of Corruption Act was made out and an FIR was registered in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378804", "title": "Construction of roads linking industrial areas to start by month-end", "text": "INDORE: AKVN managing director Manish Singh visited industrial areas in and around the city on Wednesday and interacted with the industrialists to know their problems. He assured the industrialists that 80-90% road will be constructed between Pologround and Sanwer Road within a year. He said that similar process will be started for Pithampur industrial area as well.Association of Industries in MP president Ashok Badjatya said, \"The AKVN has promised to start the work on construction of roads in all the three industrial areas by the month-end. Initially, the work will begin for sector F of Pologround and sector 3 of Pithampur. We have also recommended AKVN to begin work on storm-water drainage system along with the road so as to prevent water logging.\"Secretary of the association Vijay Agrawal said, \"We have urged AKVN to start the construction of motorable roads in the industrial areas at the earliest. We have also made suggestions for merger of Rs 2 crore sanctioned for patchwork, with the fund released currently.\"Manish Singh said that the purpose of his visit was to involve the stakeholders in the development process. \"While a tender valued at Rs 12 crore, has already been floated by AKVN for construction of the roads, the bidding for the remaining part of a total fund of Rs 152 crore, which has been released by the state government for development of infrastructure in those industrial areas, will be opened by the middle of the next month,\" he told TOI.Asked about the condition of roads and other infrastructure in the industrial areas including Sanwer Road, Pologround and Pithampur, Singh said, \"The roads do not exist in these areas. Condition of drainage system and sewerage too needs to be developed. Though we need a huge amount of money for the overall development of these areas, I can assure that we will try to address the problems out of the fund allocated to us by state government. The work on these roads will start before the Global Investors' Summit starts next month and will be completed over a period of less than a year.\"Break-up of Rs 152 crore fund for development of industrial areas in IndoreSanwer Road: Rs 53 crPologround: Rs 06 crPithampur: Rs 93 cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378217", "title": "Pawan Kalyan unveils Devaraya audio", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan has launched the audio of Srikanth-starrer Devaraya at a private auditorium in Hyderabad yesterday (September 12). He unveiled the audio amidst huge fan fare who turned out in large number to get a glimpse of their favourite hero. Speaking on this occasion Pawan said, \"I have great regard for Srikanth since he's very close to my brother (Chiranjeevi). I was impressed with the trailers of Devaraya, and incidentally, Srikanth invited me to the audio, and I wish the entire team good luck.\" Devaraya has Srikanth playing a dual role - Dorababu and King Krishna Devarayalu. Meenakshi Dixit and Vidisha are playing the female lead in this film, which is directed by Nanikrishna and jointly produced by Kiran and Nani Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16377519", "title": "Aamir Khan gets his way with Talaash", "text": "The actor, who had creative differences with director Reema Kagti, ensured that his vision shaped the new promosThe latest promo of Aamir Khan's cop thriller Talaash looks so different from the first that it could have been mistaken for an altogether new film, had it not been for the title and the credit roll. And interestingly, the new trailer has Aamir written all over it. Needless to say, the feisty director, Reema Kagti, who had serious differences with her lead actor over the final look of the project, and had even staged a walkout from a meeting held at Aamir's residence, eventually had to concede territory to Mr Perfectionist. If sources are to be believed, Aamir, before leaving for the Chicago schedule of Dhoom 3 , sat for the edit of the trailer and saw to it that his vision of for Talaash was retained. When quizzed about it, Reema admitted that Aamir had indeed taken a lot of interest in the promo but also diplomatically added, \"but so has everybody else.\"She explained that since the last promo did not bring out the suspense element of the film, a new one had to be made. However, a source close to the project maintained that it was Aamir, who insisted that he oversee the edit of the promo.Aamir and Reema had a lot of creative differences earlier. Farhan Akhtar (the producer) tried to play peacemaker. And in fact, Reema even told the media that her actor was happy with the film.Needless to say, Aamir, whose determination to control every aspect of his films, has led to several clashes in the past with Amol Gupte, Anusha Rizvi and even Ram Gopal Varma , did not bow down to Reema this time around. According to the source, the actor has made sure that the audience gets to see what he wants them to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6271181", "title": "Develop your own brand of decor", "text": "Only a lucky few have a clear idea of their favourite decorating style. If you develop your own brand of decor you're bound to be a bigger success than if you try and ape someone else's sense of style. Don't buy a thing just because your neighbour has it. Only bring into your home things you truly love.More than fitting in with a certain style, this resolution focuses on elements you want to live with, whether it is lace curtains, colourful walls, or Chinese porcelain. Fill your home with things you love and you will build wonderful interiors over the years.Wait for what you want and aim to buy quality. A blank wall might be better than a hastily chosen piece of furniture that will cause buyer's remorse when you later find what you really wanted. Save up for the \"perfect armoire\" or a \"just right\" dining room set, rather than settling for something that's just ok. Build your interiors over the years with well chosen pieces that will hold up over time. Buy with an eye for scale, quality, and function. Proper organisation is as much about editing as it is about space.Get organised is equally important. Clean out a closet, rearrange your kitchen cupboards, and even the floor of your garage. Make room for what you need to do (mail, bills, reading), then for what you want to do (cooking, crafts, painting). Let your solutions fit your budget \u2014 large or small \u2014 and they will revitalise and refresh you and your space: Reappreciate, Reuse and Recycle. From fine antiques to treasures there are plenty of bargains in old furniture. Well chosen pieces come with a history marked in scratches and dents (fondly called 'patina'). Most will add interest to your home and help avoid too 'matched' a look. Get creative by painting or staining a number of misfit pieces the same colour. Cherish these treasures, and let your creativity blossom as you refinish, repaint, embellish, or simply enjoy them as they are.Think of each room as a 'set that you can decorate any way you please to increase your home's sense of peace, warmth, and order'. Consider some of these ideas:-Set up a tea service at a small table by a window overlooking a garden.- Place an open book and cozy throw on the upholstered chair in your bedroom.-Pile an attractive bowl with fresh fruit on the kitchen island.-Display a vase of fresh (very fresh) flowers in the entry hall.-Arrange some beautiful cookbooks on the desk in your kitchen.In short, have some fun with a few accessories here and there, making interesting little vignettes that say \"Welcome\". Finally, resolve to outsmart your budget (however large or small) with freshness, creativity, innovation, and a little savvy shopping. Resolve to make your home more beautiful, more organised, and more in tune with your personal style. You are going to want to come back to your home everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16350575", "title": "How healthy is frozen yoghurt?", "text": "Mumbai is gobbling frozen yoghurt, bought out by its 'healthy' tag. But is it really?Mumbaikers who love their dessert are increasingly dumping the icecream cone in favour of a new sweetie that's just as creamy and tasty, but also assumedly more healthy: the frozen yoghurt.The first frozen yoghurt joint sprouted in the city two years ago, and as many as 10 new brands have entered the game since February this year. Most proudly claim to have 'no fat' and 'no added sugar'.Pro at it Bacteria associated with lactic acid, popularly called probiotic bacteria, are naturally present in yoghurt and are primarily responsible for making it healthy. This friendly group of bacteria reside in the intestinal tract \u2014 the first line of defence in the body's immune system. They help in digestion, which in turn helps the body assimilate nutrients from the food we eat better. They also provide B vitamins, insulin, Vitamin K and essential fatty acids.Not so sweet The good bacteria, mixed with low fat milk and no added sugar sounds like a great alternative to all the brownies in the world. But on close inquiry, the perfect picture tumbles like topping.Flavoured versions of yoghurt contain more sugar (by virtue of added flavour) than plain versions. Froyo, Yogurtbay, Cocoberry and Yoforia employees at branches we visited admitted to adding a wee bit of sugar to the plain mix to lend it flavour. Yogurberry's plain flavour contained no sugar, the brand maintained.Experts say, the flavouring used upsets the balance of the cup on the health scale \u2014 fresh fruits obviously make it healthier, but most outlets use canned fruits, syrups (more sugar) and synthetic flavouring.The yoghurt itself is suspect in many cases The base powder is imported from Europe or the US, and countless little ingredients that flavour the mix make what finally comes out of the machine.And the probiotic bacteria? \"Bacteria succumb to sugar,\" says nutritionist Naini Setalvad. \"Though a small amount of probiotics could be present in the yogurt, their health benefits are nullified by the white sugar, something our body doesn't need at all.\"Yoforia claims to use organic milk and organic fruit. \"All the farmers and vendors we work with come from in and around Mumbai are certified by our headquarters, where their products are tested in advance,\" explains the Carter Road outlet manager Kunal Shringarpure. Yet it also uses a mix of powder and real yoghurt in all its creations.Artificial flavours and preservatives can cause immune suppression, according to Setalvad. \"They disrupt hormones and impair memory. They could also trigger minor health problems such as a cough,\" she says. What about 'healthy' flavours like taro root that's offered at Yoforia. \"Taro root is healthy,\" confirms Setalvad. \"However, its vitamins and minerals could be lost if it's heavily processed. On the bright side, it is low in glycemic index, and affects blood sugar slowly.\"Top it right Now the allure of the yoghurt cup lies in the colourful palette of toppings you can choose from. And therein lies the trap. Exotic fruits such as blueberries and raspberries are usually canned, diminishing their nutrient value. The syrups \u2014 chocolate, butterscotch or caramel \u2014 are high in HFCS (High Fructose Cane Sugar), the processed sugar linked to obesity. The same goes for the chocolate mousse, cookie crumble, chocolate sprinkles, jellies and cheesecake base.Your healthiest option: Plain sugar-free dahi that you can sprinkle with nuts, muesli or fresh fruit.How to make your own If you want to ensure that the frozen yoghurt is truly healthy, just make one yourself. Setalvad tells you how: Take low-fat dahi, add some fresh or dry fruits, sweeten it with honey and run it through the blender. Leave it overnight in the freezer. Top it with nuts when you are ready to dig in.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376242", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Mandals take up cudgels against female feticide", "text": "PUNE: Ganesh mandals, this year, have taken up the cudgels against female foeticide with the sentiment coming out clearly through the themes they have used for their decor and tableaux. Mandal representatives as well as artists who design and make the tableaux have cited an increase in the number of people opting for the theme. Other burning issues of importance such as inflation and corruption have also found many takers for the Ganesh festival starting from September 19, they said.Anand Saraf, a researcher on the Ganesh festival in the city, said, \"Approximately 50 to 60 mandals here have opted to put up tableaux on the theme of female foeticide. Many others have gone for the eco-friendly Ganesh festival theme.\" Saraf said there are around 3,500 to 4,000 registered Ganesh mandals in the city, while almost the same number of mandals is unregistered. He further added that approximately 15,000 societies in Pune have their own Ganapati celebrations.Vrunda Sathe, who has been conducting live on-stage skits during the Ganesh festival on various themes since 10 years now, feels that there has been a spurt in the number of mandals opting for female foeticide as their basic theme this time. \"I had three mandals approach me in the first week of August as they wished to stage skits on the theme. Recently, I had another enquiry for the same. Looking at the other enquiries as well as the number of mandals that have approached us for performances, historical themes seem to be the most popular, followed by the theme of opposing female foeticide,\" said Sathe.She added that miscellaneous themes on corruption, patriotism and inflation come next in popularity this year. \"I have not received many enquiries for eco-friendly themes though. However, awareness about female foeticide seems to be a major focus among mandals this year, especially after the issue came into the spotlight after being a topic of discussion on Aamir Khan's television show. Though I have had mandals approaching me on and off to have performances on the theme in the past six years, this year, the trend seems more pronounced,\" she said.Sathe said that one performance tries to drive home the truth that many great personalities in the past and present have been women, who have done their families and country proud. \"We have tried to emphasise the fact that girls are as capable as boys. They aren't objects or commodities and deserve the same respect as men,\" she said.Satish Taru, a sculptor, who sculpts statues for tableaux, said he has received orders to sculpt statues based on the theme. \"One such display includes a doctor being paid by a couple to abort their girl child. A statue of actor Aamir Khan is part of the display, condemning this evil practice. Another popular theme this year is opposing the practice of putting the aged in old age homes, for which three mandals have approached me. Themes on water shortage and less rainfall, with displays on how this valuable resource is being wasted in some parts of the city, have also found several takers this year,\" said Taru.Amod Khaladkar, who prepares audio for tableaux, said that as many as 15 to 20 mandals have approached his company to prepare audio for live sets or statue displays based on the theme of female foeticide. \"Last year, we only had three mandals approach us for the same. Out of every 10 mandals, one has based its tableau on the theme this time. Another popular theme is condemning the recent serial blasts in Pune,\" said Khaladkar.Sunil Korale of Sairaj Prathisthan Mitra Mandal, which has based its tableau on this theme, said, \"We chose this theme to educate people about the evil practice of female foeticide. We have endeavored to wipe off the views that many have against having a girl child. Girls are as capable as boys and, hence, the theme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16378154", "title": "Massive rubber cultivation in Arunachal districts", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Rubber Board of India (RBI) has achieved a milestone by bringing 7,000 hectares of land under rubber cultivation in Ruksin rubber field station, which also included parts of West Siang and Lower Dibang Valley districts.The Ruksin rubber field station, which was set up by RBI under its Tezpur regional office, initially targeted 672 hectares plantation. As a result, rubber plantations are in progress on the hills of East Siang, West Siang, Lower Subansiri and Lower Dibang Valley districts along the foothills.Officials said rubber plants in 1,200 hectares of land at Ngorlung, Niglok, Bilat, Nari, Telam, Seren and Dipa in East Siang district have matured, while plantations in bordering Assam under the field station is in progress. The RBI also developed 3 commercial nurseries in the region to meet the sapling demands of the local farmers. At present, an average of 62-65 tons of rubber is produced annually from these rubber fields which are supplied to a Guwahati-based marketing agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376832", "title": "Magnitude of mining in Goa stuns Natarajan", "text": "PANAJI: Union minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan has made it very clear that a comprehensive assessment of the damaging effects of mining in Goa is required immediately.Natarajan told TOI, \"We need to do a cumulative impact assessment, particularly in a small place like Goa. A review of monitoring systems to regulate mining activity will be taken up shortly.\" When pointed out that most mining activity had plunged below the groundwater table in the state, she said she was unaware of any focus on the problem.Conceding that she was seized with the magnitude of mining activity in Goa as compared to even a district like Bellary, she said the ministry would take up a study for the state as a whole.When pointed out that prospective miners often fudge facts in environment impact assessments (EIAs), she said \"Our expert appraisal committees (EACs) have clear standards to judge and make sure records are not fudged.\" The EACs use modern technologies like satellite imageries in their work, she added.The minister stressed her priority of strengthening the monitoring mechanism and compliance in the mining industry. On whether her ministry would crack the whip against illegalities in other states, she quipped, \"Wherever illegalities are brought to my notice.\"Natarajan expressed disappointment with the dormant conditions of the state biodiversity boards which are entrusted with the task of drawing up the country's biodiversity registry. \"We would strictly like state biodiversity boards to be active,\" she said. The Goa biodiversity board has been reconstituted recently, but the earlier cell was dormant after its constitution. Pointing out that the Chennai-based national biodiversity board was quite active; she saw no reason why state boards should be non-functional. She emphasized that unless the compliance of conditions is shown, no fresh EC will be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16378205", "title": "Rayagada villagers lock school demanding adequate teachers", "text": "KORAPUT: Villagers locked the Rambu upgraded primary school in Rayagada's Bissamkatak block on Wednesday demanding posting of adequate number of teachers. They said vacancies have not been filled up despite their repeated requests to the district administration.The school, around 60 km from Rayagada, has classes I to VIII and around 150 students. Only one teacher manages all classes besides the official chores. \"Quality of education has collapsed because of shortage of teachers. Officials never attend to the school's problems because it is located in a remote area. The administration should appoint at least two more teachers,\" a source said.Villagers said they had approached officials concerned for the appointment of adequate number of teachers but to no avail. According to government rules, the student-teacher ratio should be 1:40.Block development officer of Bissamkatak Ramesh Chandra Pati said, \"I am aware of the problem. We are trying to pacify the villagers and adequate numbers of teachers will be posted at the school soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16378505", "title": "Manipur cop hurt in accidental firing dies", "text": "IMPHAL: A city police constable, who was injured when an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) accidentally fired from his service pistol a few days ago, succumbed to his injuries on Tuesday. The police officer has been placed under suspension.Chabungbam Iboyaima (32) of Thangmeiband sustained a critical bullet wound in his right neck when assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Ak Dilip of Thoubal accidentally fired from his service weapon on September 5 inside the city police station.After battling for life at two different private hospitals in Imphal, Iboyaima succumbed to his injuries on Tuesday, a source said. He added the ASI, against whom an FIR has been registered, has been placed under suspension. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16376381", "title": "Sanjay Joshi back in action in Modi\u2019s Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi's bete noire Sanjay Joshi will be in Modasa in north Gujarat on Sunday for a lecture on Swami Vivekananda \u2014 his first public function in the state after being ousted from the BJP's national executive in Mumbai in June 2012 after Modi put his foot down and refused to attend the meet until Joshi was removed. Interestingly, Modi, too, in his election kick-off speech spoke on Vivekananda.An RSS-backed outfit has invited Joshi for the Vivekananda lecture in Modasa, where the editor of RSS mouthpiece 'Sadhana', Suresh Gandhi, will be the co-speaker. Joshi is said to be steadily regaining lost ground in UP where he was posted by party president Nitin Gadkari.Last Sunday, on his first visit to Lucknow after his resignation from all posts in BJP, Joshi met hundreds of supporters and told them it was time \"hardline leaders were rejected\". Lucknow MP and senior BJP leader from UP, Lalji Tandon, shared the dais with Joshi.\"Joshi is our own leader. He is very much part of the party and doing his job effectively. He will visit many districts of UP in coming months to mobilise the party,\" Tandon said. Joshi also visited Kanpur to meet party workers who were injured during a police lathi-charge while trying to stage a dharna outside Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's home. He then attended an ABVP function in Rae Bareilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375555", "title": "Month after admission, Laxminarayan Institute of Technology student hangs himself", "text": "NAGPUR: A 19-year-old first-year engineering student from a government-aided college hanged himself from the ceiling fan with a nylon rope at his rented room in NSK Society in Ambazari area on Tuesday evening. Rupam Thakre from Katol had shifted to the city just a month ago, and was staying alone as a paying guest.Thakre's parents said he was a bright student and had scored 90% in SSC and HSC. He had recently taken admission in chemical engineering stream at Laxminarayan Institute of Technology on Amravati Road after getting a good score in entrance exams.His father Harish, a teacher at Katol ITI, and Manda, a homemaker, said Rupam's 13-year-old sister Rupali is an standard VIII student.Last Friday, Rupam had gone to Katol with Harish, who had come to meet him. He returned on Tuesday morning and attended college. At around 3pm, he called Harish and spoke for around 15 minutes. \"He didn't sound disturbed. Before we ended the call, I was a bit shocked when he regretted taking admission in engineering and said he should have taken admission in BSc,\" said Harish.After a few minutes, Rupam had also contacted Manda. She was in the market and told Rupam that she would call him later. At around 6pm, Manda tried to contact him continuously, but failed to get any response. She called a neighbour to check Rupam's room. When Rupam didn't respond to the knocking on the door, the neighbour peeped through the window and saw him hanging.Nearby residents then alerted Ambazari police station. In Katol, Rupam's worried parents contacted their relative Vijay Dhote in Nagpur to check Rupam's room. Stunned by the sight at Rupam's room, Dhote told Harish that he had met with an accident and was injured. Harish reached the city on Tuesday night and was told about Rupam's suicide. Manda was told about the death only on Wednesday morning.No suicide note was found in his room. Police said that he had deleted all SMSes and call details from his phone. The call list only shows the calls made to his parents. Cops suspect there could be some personal reason behind the suicide.Still in the dark about the reasons for his son's drastic step, Harish said, \"I am clueless about what made him so depressed and forced him to end his life. I really would like to know the reason.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374886", "title": "Uproar over move to merge villages with HMDA", "text": "HYDERABAD: The proposed inclusion of villages from 18 mandals in the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) master plan rocked the Rangareddy district review committee (DRC) meeting held here on Wednesday.Raising the issue, Ibrahimpatnam MLA M Kishan Reddy urged the government not to include the villages in the HMDA master plan. He said the villagers would face hardship to construct their houses in case these villages come under the jurisdiction of the urban authority. The HMDA has already started sending notices to gram panchayats informing them that permission from the authority was mandatory for constructing houses. He asked civil supplies minister and RR district in-charge D Sridhar Babu, who was chairing the meeting, to take all MLAs to the chief minister to discuss the issue before finalising the HMDA master plan.The minister gave an assurance to bring the issue to the CM's notice. A resolution to this effect was also passed unanimously at the DRC.Parigi MLA K Hareesh Reddy said the agriculture department has failed to distribute Rs 10 crore allotted under input subsidy. The minister asked the agriculture department officials to distribute the allotted fund in the mandals by conducting special drives.The MLAs asked the government to set up Rythu Bazars in each Assembly constituency. Sridhar Babu asked the officials to identify suitable place to set up Rythu bazaars.Meanwhile, Medchal MLA K Lakshma Reddy claimed middlemen were getting involved in selling produce at Rythu Bazars. He suggested either collector or joint collector monitor the functioning of Rythu Bazars. The minister asked RR district collector A Vani Prasad to allot the responsibility to a joint collector.Other issues like bogus ration cards, seven-hour power supply to agriculture, drinking water problem and filling up of 12 doctor posts and 130 auxiliary nurse midwife (ANMs) posts.Home minister Sabitha Indra Reddy directed AP Transco officials not to supply power to 42 stone-crushing units. She said Transco was supplying power to these units despite the High Court ordered their closure. She said efforts would be made to supply Krishna water to Rajendanagar within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16376691", "title": "Bus accident toll rises to 34", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The death toll in Monday's bus accident near Ashapuri village in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh mounted to 34 a day later, with the rescue teams recovering 14 more bodies on Tuesday. All 34 bodies have been recovered from the wreckage of the state roadways bus which skidded off the road and fell into a gorge on Monday night. Among the dead, 20 belonged to Ashapuri, a village known for a hilltop shrine.Officials said the condition of five other injured persons, who have been hospitalized, was critical.The 42-seater bus had left Palampur for Ashapuri at 6.30pm and plunged into a gorge about an hour-and-half later, around 10 kms from Ashapuri. Since it was the last bus plying on that route for the day, it was overcrowded, one of the survivors told officials. The area is treacherous and known for zig-zag turns.The cause of the crash was not immediately known but one of the survivors told officials that the driver had lost control of the vehicle on a sharp bend. \"It happened within a fraction of second. The vehicle was ascending a hilly terrain when the driver's seat slid back suddenly, as if it had been pushed. It made him lose control of the steering wheel and the bus fell off the edge,\" said officials.Villagers were the first to reach the scene of the accident and frantically struggled to pull the dead and injured from the twisted wreckage. \"Inquiries are on to ascertain the exact cause of accident,\" said Kangra deputy commissioner K R Bharti. According to agency reports, the government has ordered a magisterial probe into the accident. Transport officials said the bus had travelled a distance of 15 lakh kilometers and was not in a good condition.The government has sanctioned a relief of Rs 20,000 to the next of kin of victims who died in the accident and Rs 4,000 each to the injured.The civil authorities had to call in Army to help in the rescue operation that lasted more than 12 hours as the accident spot was treacherous and thickly forested. \"Darkness of the night and steep slope posed obstacles in carrying out rescue operations. We brought flashlights, ladders, ropes and metal cutters and worked till the early hours of the day,\" said a rescue worker.This is the second major accident in the state in less than a month. Fifty-two people were killed and 46 injured on August 11, when an overcrowded private bus rolled into a 300-foot-deep gorge in Chamba district. It was one of the worst road accidents in India in recent years.In the recently concluded monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal had informed the House that 586 people have died in over 1,669 road accidents in the state between January 1 and July 31 this year.India has the one of the highest annual road death tolls in the world, with more than 110,000 people killed in accidents last year, according to the National Crime Records Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377969", "title": "District magistrate raps officials for slow work on ghats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Raj Shekhar on Wednesday expressed concern over the slow pace of construction work at Balua ghat and Arail ghat during an inspection visit. The permanent ghats are being constructed in view of Mahakumbh 2012-13.The DM has asked his officials to issue a warning to contractor concerned, and has also ordered a quality check of the construction. At Arail area, executive engineer, irrigation (flood department) told TOI that November 30 has been set as the deadline for construction of the permanent ghat, and the entire project is worth Rs 4.3 crore. He also apprised the DM that MNNIT is conducting tests to ensure that the quality of construction is up to the mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375232", "title": "HUDA green light to 50 builders on water issue", "text": "GURGAON: Fifty builders have been issued an NOC by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) paving the way for the %construction at housing project sites in Gurgaon on Wednesday.The builders had been asked to submit details of the water needs and the period of construction. As per the Punjab and Haryana high court order banning the use of borewells for construction, HUDA had also sought an undertaking from the builders.After the court order the builders stopped the construction and queued up at HUDA's office for getting the NOC. Over 200 housing projects were impacted by the court's order. \"The builders who have given the undertaking that they will follow the court's orders and have started taking water from HUDA's sewage treatment plants (STP) have been given the NOC,\" said HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar.HUDA has offered water from STP Behrampur for the builders for construction and from the Sector 16 booster station for drinking water needs of the workers at construction sites. The court will be informed about the steps taken by HUDA and the district administration and the undertakings of builders will be submitted.HUDA has allowed builders to use the treated water from the STP of their existing housing projects. The administrator said: \"The water needs for construction are being met consistently. In case the builders want to take water on their own then they will have to seek HUDA's approval before using it for construction.\" Before issuance of NOC, HUDA is checking everything at the construction site and also the details of the water needed for the project. \"The water demand and construction projection will help in strategizing the water arrangement at HUDA STP. At present the tankers are being supplied treated water throughout the day,\" said another HUDA official.The builders, however, are still grumbling about the delay factor and cost escalation in getting water from the STP.A senior executive of a builder said: \"Now, the builders are planning to set up a water treatment plant at the sites which costs over Rs 15 lakh just to clean the water received from HUDA before using it for construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374514", "title": "Writer Madhukar's ailment old: Doctors", "text": "PATNA: A day after ailing litterateur Madhukar Singh was brought from Ara to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) at Patna on the order of the state government, he was brought to PMCH for CT scan on Wednesday.According to IGIMS director Arun Kumar, Singh's ailment is related to the brain haemmorhage he suffered two years ago due to high blood pressure. His lower limb has since not been functioning properly. Singh has been examined by neuro-physicians and basic investigations have been done, the director said and added treatment had begun.This is for the second time that Singh has been brought to Patna for treatment at chief minister Nitish Kumar's behest. On Wednesday, minister of art, culture and youth affairs Sukhda Pandey visited him and inquired about his health.A section of the media had earlier reported the plight of paralysis-struck Singh after he was nominated to attend the Hindi Council meet scheduled to be held in Johannesburg from September 22 to 24. Singh had urged the media to apprise the CM of his plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16376744", "title": "Meet to decongest Delhi-Gurgaon e-way toll plaza", "text": "GURGAON: Following the Punjab and Haryana high court order to find solutions to decongest the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway's 32-lane toll plaza, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) and the Gurgaon traffic police along with Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) conducted a meeting on Tuesday.Sources said all the stakeholders would meet again on Wednesday with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to zero in on the methods to be adopted at the 32-lane toll plaza.Tuesday's meeting focused on the expansion plan of the 32-lane toll plaza by implementing a staggered lane system, increasing the number of toll gates, besides discussing other issues including preventing cash lane users from entering into the tag users' lane.However, no final decision was taken on Tuesday and stakeholders would further discuss the matter with NHAI. The clarity on the decongestion will come on Wednesday, said a DGSCL spokesperson.Another option of distributing free electronic tags and touch-and-go cards would be put on the table.The high court, on September 4, barred DGSCL from collecting toll tax from commuters from September 4 midnight to September 20, the next date of hearing in the case.The HC had directed the NHAI to convene the meeting with the concessionaire and the state administration to devise ways and means to ensure smooth traffic movement. The stakeholders will have to produce a status report at the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373903", "title": "60% cotton crop fails", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The cotton and ground nut crop in the state has failed. According to an estimate, about 60 per cent of the cotton has failed in the state.Sources in the industry said that the cotton crop has turned yellow, while the groundnuts are very small as compared to its regular size. Officials said that the cotton crop in Saurashtra, Kutch, Mehsana, Patan and Banaskantha has totally failed.Crops like cotton and groundnut that had been sown earlier in the beginning of the monsoon have failed on account of rain deficiency that was experienced for most of the last two months.Karansinh Merubhai, a farmer in Surendranagar said, \"The flower that has grown is yellow, we are making efforts to turn it white again. If the crop does not turn white, it will not be useful for the industry and the farmers will be forced to sell the crop at a throw away price.\"Hasmukh Patel, a farmer in Dhari said, \"Initially when there were no rains, the crop began to wither. We tried everything but were help-less. Now I am cultivating castor as an alternate crop. There are several farmers who are complaining that the crop has turned yellow,\" he too said.R K Tripathy, principal secretary, Agriculture and Co-operation department admitted that the cotton crop had turned yellow. \"We are now taking steps to revive the crop back to white and are hopeful.\" Y B Rana, president, Cotton Seed Association too expressed similar feeling as Merubhai. \"The cotton crop will definitely register a fall in the production.\" According to an estimate, there will be a drop of about 40 per cent in the production in Surendranagar district.Samir Shah, president of Saurashtra Oil Miller's Association too said \"According to the estimate of SOMA, the cotton crop has failed and the production will be just 40 per cent.\" He said that not just the ginning industry but even the cotton oil industry would also be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374876", "title": "Cab driver found dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 32-year-old cab driver, Sunit Kumar of Mettuguda, was found dead near a bar and restaurant under suspicious circumstances in Chilakalguda on Wednesday.Locals noticed him lying dead in front of Sai Tent house located near White House bar and restaurant in Chilakalguda and alerted the police.\"Preliminary enquiry revealed that Sunit was an alcoholic. So, we have booked a suspicious death case. Based on the post-mortem report, we will proceed further,\" Chilakalguda SI M Sarangapani.\"Preliminary enquiry revealed that Sunit was an alcoholic. We suspect that he might have consumed excess alcohol on Tuesday night and died due to resultant health complications,\" Chilakalguda sub-inspector (SI) M Sarangapani said.Following the death, the family members of Sunit along with locals staged a dharna in front of the bar alleging that he died due to consumption of spurious liquor.\"The bar management claimed that Sunit did not consume liquor at their place. So, we have booked a suspicious death case. Based on the post-mortem report, we will proceed further,\" the SI added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376982", "title": "Six more Panjab University senators elected in phase II", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Names of six more senate members of Panjab University were declared on Wednesday. These senators represent principals and faculty members of the technical and educational colleges affiliated to PU.From the principal's constituency, three members got elected unopposed. These include K K Dhiman, principal, Homeopathic Medical College &amp; Hospital, Sector 26; N R Sharma, principal, Guru Gobind Singh College of Education for Women, Gidderbaha; and Surinder Singh Sangha, principal, Dasmesh Girls College of Education, Badal.Three other teachers were elected as ordinary fellows of the Panjab University, from the constituency of the staff of technical and professional colleges. These include Lilu Ram, assistant professor Government College of Education, Sector 20D; Tarlok Bandhu, assistant professor, Malwa Central College of Education for Women, Ludhiana and Vipul Kumar Narang, assistant professor, Kenway College of Education, Abohar.Their term will begin with effect from November 1, said the returning officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "16378271", "title": "Migrant labourer rescued after 22 years from Andhra Pradesh", "text": "BALANGIR: A migrant labourer from Balangir's Tureikela block and his family were rescued by Odisha and Andhra Pradesh Police from a brick kiln in the neighbouring state, where he had been held captive for the last 22 years. The labourer, Chandru Dharua (53), and his wife had gone to work in a brick kiln at Indu Gudem village in Medhak district two months after their marriage.Like all migrant labourers, they had expected to return to their village Badkarla after six months. But the kiln-owner, Sekhar Reddy, held Chandru captive. \"His goons kept an eye on me. I was not even allowed to roam around. Once when I attempted to flee, I was caught and beaten up. The goons poured chilly powder into my eyes,\" he said. Chandru, who has three daughters and two sons, said \"I was always worried about the future of my children. So when the rescue team identified me I immediately packed my bag.\"Umi Daniel, who coordinated with the Andhra Pradesh and Odisha Police said the SP (Balangir) R Prakash wrote to his Medhak counterpart Abhinash Mohanty. But the brick-kiln owner fled when the police team arrived. \"The labourers in captivity were identified. Chandru was ready to return,\" Daniel said, adding that he was brought to the railway station with police escort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16379514", "title": "Gutkha demise to revive cigarette demand", "text": "COIMBATORE: The recent ban on gutkha by Gujarat and Delhi is likely to increase the demand for cigarettes. With the ban, the number of states restricting the sale of gutkha has reached 11.These states account for about 45% of the cigarette consumption in the country, analysts tracking the sector said.The Gujarat and Delhi state governments have banned gutkha from September 11 following a notification from the Food Safety Standards Authority of India. The notification bans all food products with tobacco or nicotine. Other states that have done so in the past are Madhya Pradesh , Kerala, Bihar , Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Haryana, Jharkhand , Punjab and Chandigarh. However, there is no restriction on sale of loose tobacco or smoking tobacco products in these states.\"We see this as a positive for cigarette companies considering the hike in excise and VAT rates in recent central and state budgets on bidi and gutkha,\" analysts at brokerage firm Anand Rathi said. Cigarette accounts for only about 15% of the tobacco consumption in the country, they said.While smokeless tobacco makes up nearly 50% of the tobacco consumption in the country, bidis account for 35% of the consumption. Though loose tobacco and cigarettes are consumed by different types of people, the ban would be a positive for cigarette companies, analysts said. \" We expect low-end (cigarette) brands to benefit. Also, we estimate the new cigarette of 64-mm to command higher volumes, finding favour with former gutkha consumers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16376469", "title": "Akhilesh calls on Mamata, exchanges notes on policies", "text": "KOLKATA: The ties between Samajwadi Party and Trinamool Congress that got strained during the run-up to the presidential election, warmed up a bit when UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had a 20-minute meeting with his West Bengal counterpart and TMC chief Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday evening. However, there were no indications that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , too, will meet Mamata during his two-day stay in the city for the party's national executive meet.According to sources, after a patient wait to receive any invitation from the West Bengal CM's office, the UP chief minister's office did seek time for a meeting with Mamata as per the official protocol which is followed when a CM visits another state. Akhilesh was then allotted the time of 8pm.Later talking to media persons, Mamata thanked Akhilesh for sparing time to visit her despite his engagements at the national executive meeting. Akhilesh said he was obliged to meet 'Didi' who too has secured a mandate to serve the people of West Bengal after sustained political struggle.\"We exchanged our experiences on a series of policies that we have adopted. Our party has been in the government now for more than a year and he too has completed six months in office, so we discussed about what our governments have done and the problems that various policies have faced,\" Mamata said before she invited Akhilesh to speak to the media.Akhilesh remained rather direct in his approach. \"Coming to Kolkata and not meeting Didi was out of question,\" he said and thanked Mamata for sparing time from her busy schedule to meet her.Though there were reports that Mulayam could call on Mamata on Thursday, none of the SP leaders were forthcoming on the issue. SP-Trinamool ties strained during the presidential poll when Mulayam, after having agreed with Mamata on three possible candidates, went on to support Pranab Mukherjee.In fact, the original dates of the SP executive in Kolkata were July 11 and 12, a week before the presidential poll, but was postponed till further notice. There were also talks about a possible shifting of the venue. However, fresh dates were announced and Kolkata remained the venue for the two-day meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376932", "title": "Suicide by \u2018cheerful\u2019 girl stumps family", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Cheerful\" is how Megha's friends and relatives describe her and are finding it difficult to come to terms with her suicide.Megha, 24, a resident of Saini Vihar, Baltana, was the youngest of three sisters. She committed suicide, on Tuesday, by jumping in front of Shatabdi Express.According to her family, she had wanted to move to Australia where her eldest sister lives, for which she needed to clear IELTS.\"Megha was a cheerful girl but she had been depressed of late, as she had not been able to clear IELTS,\" said Gaurav, her cousin.Her suicide has come as a shock to friends and family, but what has been more staggering is the purported reason behind the suicide.Dr B S Chavan, head of the psychiatry department at Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32, Chandigarh, feels that a single failure cannot alone cause one to take such a drastic step. \"Something like failing an IELTS test cannot alone push a person to commit suicide. In the last ten years, we have seen that victims are usually undergoing emotional problems for a long period and such an event just acts like a trigger,\" he said.So how does this kind of stress goes unnoticed? \"Families and friends are not able to detect depression. And not recognizing it is a big problem in India,\" he said.Dr Chavan also said that most of the times when families detect depression in a person, they choose to ignore it. \"They feel that the depression will go away on its own, so they decide to ignore it. But this kind of attitude is also there because of the stigma attached to mental problems,\" he said.So are rising stress levels being caused due to rising expectations? \"Everyone has a limited capacity and people are constantly trying to push their limits. This is causing a lot of stress. And it keeps accumulating till an event like failing a test pushes someone over the edge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376394", "title": "PMC to increase water supply", "text": "PUNE: If you ever thought that only God can help improve the water situation in Pune, you were right. The PMC plans to increase the city's water supply quota during the 10-day Ganesh festival, beginning next week.\"The water department is considering an increase in the water supply quota,\" said a highly placed source in the PMC.A civic official said the PMC would write to the irrigation department asking for more water during the festival which is to start on September 19.The city normally gets around 1,250 MLD water per day. This was reduced to 1,050 MLD in March owing to water scarcity and then increased to 1,150 MLD per day in August, after water in the dams increased following rains.\"Though the collective water storage in the dams has increased, it is less as compared to last year,\" said a PMC official. \"So we are working on a plan to keep the water at 1,150 MLD till the next monsoon. The festival season, however, should be made an exception. The PMC plans to lift 1,250 MLD water during the Ganesh festival. Water requirement in the city during these days is expected to increase due the large amount of floating population,\" said PMC official. V G Kulkarni, head of the PMC water department, confirmed the development. The four dams providing water to the city - Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet - are, at present, filled to around 90 per cent water (29 TMC) of their total capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "live updates", "code": "16374981", "title": "Live updates: Apple's iPhone 5 launch event", "text": "Live updates: Apple's iPhone 5 launch event", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16379889", "title": "Gujarat pollution Control board files complains against 18 developers in Surat court", "text": "SURAT: In an exemplary step Gujarat pollution Control board (GPCB) has registered a complaint in chief judicial magistrate's court against 18 builders and developers of the city for violating Environmental Impact assessment Notification.Regional officer of GPCB, Anil Patel filed this complaint after 60 days of spot inspection to different cites where the construction work was found to be going on before obtaining Environmental clearance (EC) from state level environmental Impact assessment authorities.Patel said, \"Central Environment and Forest ministry has covered projects larger than 20,000sq meters for residential purpose and larger than 1, 50,000 sq meters for township construction under category B of its 2006 notification. Under this all the developers must obtain EC before starting any kind of construction or land development work. These developers have violated the norms and so we have filed a complaint against them.\"However as the spot inspections had taken place two months ago, some of the developers have already obtained EC from GPCB. \"We know few of them have obtained EC since our spot inspection but the complaint is about violation of the norms and they need to be punished for their folly,\" said Patel.These projects are run by Rather Developers, Landmark Corporation, Shubham Corporation, Mandviwala Developers, Ami Developers, Sangini Corporation, Rajhans Enterprise, Raghuveer developers and builders, Shivam developers, Wheel developers, Shree Infra, Ambika developers, Happy home corporation and Mahlakshmi developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16377322", "title": "Nasa\u2019s data hints at \u2018dry ice\u2019 snowfall on Mars", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have found the clearest evidence yet of carbon dioxide snowfalls on Mars, based on the data provided by Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. This reveals the only known example of carbon ioxide snow falling anywhere in our solar system, Nasa said.Frozen carbon dioxide, known as \"dry ice,\" requires temperatures of about -125 \u00b0C, which is much colder than needed for freezing water. \"These are the first definitive detections of carbon dioxide snow clouds,\" said the report's lead author, Paul Hayne of Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California. Carbon dioxide snow reminds scientists that although some parts of Mars may look quite Earth-like, the Red Planet is very different.\"We firmly establish the clouds are composed of carbon dioxide \u2014 flakes of Martian air \u2014 and they are thick enough to result in snowfall accumulation at the surface,\" Hayne said. Nasa described that as the only known example of carbon dioxide snow falling in our solar system. The snowfalls occurred from clouds around the Red Planet's south pole in winter. \"One line of evidence for snow is that the carbon dioxide ice particles in the clouds are large enough to fall to the ground during the lifespan of the clouds,\" co-author David Kass of JPL said. Just how the carbon dioxide from Mars' atmosphere gets deposited has been in question, Nasa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375964", "title": "Total security for minorities, assures CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said the state government will give the minorities all security measures and ensure they're not harassed. His response came after Shivajinagar MLA R Roshan Baig, at an event on the development of minorities, asked him whether innocent families could feel secure.\"The terror suspects have been arrested on the basis of evidence gathered by city police. They will be punished for what they were doing or planned to do for breach of faith in this country. But due to that, innocent Muslim families will not be tortured or harassed by police. We'll provide all security to the Muslim population in the city and state,\" said Shettar.He also said the BJP government has spent over Rs 232 crore in the past four years for the development and welfare of minorities in the state, much more than all previous governments. In the last budget, the government set aside Rs 100 crore for the welfare of minorities.He also said education would definitely bring about a wholesome development and betterment in the standards of living for poor among the minorities. He suggested giving of educational loans to all minority students going for higher studies at 2% interest. Shettar said 45,000 students are being given education loans every year and this alone amounts to Rs 85 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374617", "title": "Govt plans 6-hour power supply in rural areas daily", "text": "PATNA: The state government will soon come up with a dedicated plan for its rural consumers where there will be a provision of at least six hours of electricity supply everyday.For that, the government may even make necessary changes in the budgetary allocations, as per Section 65 of Indian Electricity Act 2003, to make subsidized power availability to rural consumers.The state government made these commitments in its recently notified state rural electricity (RE) plan to achieve the national goal of providing access to electricity for all rural households as per the provision under National Electricity Policy.According to the plan, the state will take steps on creating awareness among elected panchayat representatives about electricity-related issues, including generation, distribution, energy conservation and energy efficiency and balanced use of energy and water, in order to maximize benefits from the limited resources available.The state government will avail the funding under various schemes of the Centre for the purpose. \"If a plan is not covered under any central schemes, the state will fund it either through the budgetary support or get it funded through various loans from the financial institutions and international agencies,\" the official said.The official further said the state government will also introduce franchise system. Under the system, panchayati raj institutions will be made franchise on nomination basis which will be responsible for the distribution of power in rural areas and collect revenue directly from consumers. These franchise will get part from the revenue generated, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16376083", "title": "Overgrown trees a traffic hazard in Delhi", "text": "DELHI: Driving just after the rains can be trying in Delhi. As overgrown grasses, shrubs and trees take over the medians and pavements, road signs, lights, crossing pedestrians and animals are all obscured from view dangerously. Locating an unfamiliar address by road signs alone becomes impossible for a few weeks till the civic agencies get down to pruning and trimming.While the overgrowth is dangerous and annoying, the state public works department seems unmindful of the problem. PWD's horticulture department, which has four zones across Delhi, is supposed to check for overgrown plants and trees regularly, but TOI found plants along most r o a d s ne g l e c t e d . Branches covered road signs and traffic lights partially or completely while smaller plants and tree trunks obstructed signs for pedestrian zones, speed limits as well as other warning signage.At one point \u2014 while taking a U-turn towards Hauz Khas Metro station underneath the IIT flyover \u2014 creepers actually block the driver's side of the vehicle and graze the windscreen. If your window is down, you may have to fend off the vines with one arm. Near the kerb, branches scratch the sides of vehicles, sometimes scraping the paint.PWD officials say the horticulture wing has to check for obstructing foliage daily. \"There is no norm about weekly or monthly checks. Officials check the growth of trees on a routine basis and prune whenever required. The inspection is part of maintenance and the forest department's permission to cut a part of a tree is only required when there is a big branch,\" said PWD director (works) Deepak Panwar.PWD, which recently took over 645km of MCD roads, maintains altogether 1,128km of road length.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16378316", "title": "Chandigarh court reserved orders on paid parking's poor infrastructure case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the case of poor infrastructure and lack of security at paid parking areas in Chandigarh, a local court here has reserved its order for September 21. The order has been reserved by the court of civil judge TPS Randhawa.A lawyer-cum-social worker Pankaj Chandgothia had filed a petition in the court, seeking improvement and safety in the paid parking zones of the city.During the arguments, Chandgothia contended that the paid parking system was introduced by in 2007, even after five years of working, still there were many defects and deficiencies, leading to the harassment of the public at large.\"There were no CCTV cameras and contractors allow more cars in the parking area than its certified capacity. Parking contractors are interested only in collecting money, without giving proper services in return,\" stated Chandgothia.However Deepali Puri, counsel for the Municipal Corporation (which manages the parking areas and allot contracts to contractors), argued that the MC was doing enough to manage the parking areas.In the past, Times of India has many times highlighted the poor infstaructure of paid parking spaces in Chandigarh.The petition had said, \"There is no willingness on the part of official persons to solve any of the stated problems.The vehicles are parked haphazardly and paid entry tickets are issued at the entrance point even though there is no parking space inside the parking lot. Thus many times, the vehicle user is charged money even though he is unable to use the parking lot.\"\"There is no compliance of ear-marked places for four-wheelers and two-wheelers. Many times two-wheelers are parked in places meant for four-wheelers and vice-versa. There is no attendant to guide at the spot within the parking lots. Many times parked vehicles are scratched or bumped or dented by other vehicles being parked or driven away,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16375411", "title": "Dark trips on unlit expressway to finally end", "text": "NOIDA: Offering relief to hundreds of commuters who have been braving a trip at night on the unlit Noida-Greater Noida Expressway for the past few months, the Noida Authority has decided to restore power to the streetlights at the earliest. Following a request from the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the Authority has decided to make a separate electricity feeder line to dedicatedly cater to the streetlights. The dedicated feeder will ensure that the expressway remains well lit, particularly during the F1 event to be held next month.The move comes after a meeting of the Noida Authority, UPPCL and the administration on Wednesday regarding preparations for the F1 event. One of the main points raised during the meeting was that streetlights have remained non-operational for over two months on the road stretching from DND link with Noida to Mahamaya flyover and till Sector 82 along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.\"The unlit streetlights have been posing a great threat to motorists, so we raised the issue at the meeting today. The Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, announced a dedicated electricity feeder after the meeting,\" a UPPCL official said. \"UPPCL and the Authority will jointly decide on the location, details of transmission capacity, etc of the feeder network in about a week's time,\" he said.Meanwhile, the CEO and senior officials of the Authority surveyed the stretch between Noida Gate and the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway on Wednesday to take stock of the upgrading work required to prepare for the F1 event.The Authority has decided to spruce up the city and clear all major traffic bottlenecks for the convenience of visitors. It has announced a host of maintenance and development work, including landscaping projects, beautification of central verges, green belts and parks, installation of new signboards to guide one to the Buddh International Circuit , etc. All damaged roads and sidewalks will be repaired and re-carpeted, if needed. Tender procedures for such development work will be initiated soon.The Authority has also requested the traffic department to work out a plan to clear all major traffic bottlenecks between Noida and the Noida Greater Noida Expressway that leads up to the F1 venue. The authorities are particularly working on creating an alternative route to avoid the traffic chaos at Noida Gate reducing the burden of vehicles on the UP link road. The traffic department is trying to work out a way to divert traffic to the DSC road during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16374413", "title": "3 girls end life to escape scolding", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Three minor girls died as they consumed pesticide in their school after they were caught making an abortive bid to steal bangles from a shop and the shopkeeper threatened he would complain to their parents. Another girl, also a student of the same school, survived.The incident took place at Nirpur Budhaul Middle School at Nirpur in Nalanda district on Wednesday. The girls were residents of neighbouring Nasra village where they had tried to steal bangles from the general store of Naresh Mahto on Tuesday evening.The deceased, all students of Class VII, were identified as Saryu Yadav's daughter Julie Kumari (13), Arun Yadav's daughter Mamta Kumari (13) and Shivnarayan Yadav's daughter Priti Kumari (14). Priti's sister Puja, a student of Class III, is being treated at the sadar hospital at Biharsharif, the district HQ town 20km away from the village.The students of the school said the four girls suddenly started vomiting and fell unconscious. The teachers informed their parents after which the girls were taken to the block hospital which referred them to the Biharsharif hospital. Julie died during the treatment while Mamta and Priti died on the way to Patna Medical College and Hospital at the state capital, 80km away, according to DSP (law and order) Mohd Qasim.After Puja gave her statement to the police on Wednesday evening, Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agrawal told TOI Mahto's shop would be sealed. \"Selling poisonous substance to minors is a crime,\" added SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari who along with the DM was in the hospital supervising arrangements for the treatment of Puja.According to Qasim, the SP has ordered lodging of an FIR against Mahto who along with his family is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375585", "title": "Youth abducts 8-year-old cousin to pay for operation", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old boy was kidnapped by his 24-year-old cousin who wanted money for a plastic surgery to reconstruct his severed fingers. Police rescued the boy from Talegaon, Pune, on Tuesday.On September 8, Himanshu Mishra went missing from Bhayander (W) around 6 pm. Jamunaprasad Mishra, the boy's uncle with whom he stays, received a call from an unknown number around 10 pm, informing him that Himanshu had gone to Lonavala with his mother's brother Deepak. Mishra contacted Deepak, who pleaded ignorance. Himanshu's mother passed away a couple of years back and his father is an onion dealer.Jamunaprasad registered a missing case with the Bhayander police. On September 9, Mishra again received a call around 3.30 am, from an unknown number, informing him that Himanshu had been abducted. The kidnapper demanded Rs 15 lakh. The police started tracking the caller. It was revealed the first call was made from a number that belonged to a Nanded resident. He told cops he had given his phone to a fellow traveller who wanted to make an urgent call.In the wee hours of September 9, the abductors made several calls to Mishra, from Talegaon. Cops went to Talegaon and nabbed the kidnappers on Tuesday afternoon.Police arrested Devendra Thakur (23), who revealed that the brain behind the crime was Dharmendra Shukla (24), Himanshu's paternal cousin.Devendra told police the boy was in the custody of Gautam Jadhav (24). Himanshu was traced to a shed in a crematorium in Talegaon. Dharmendra, a Bhayander resident, told police he planned the abduction as he needed money for a surgery to reconstruct his fingers, said Thane rural deputy superintendent of police Sangramsinh Nishandar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16378634", "title": "Journalists taught basics of paramedical science", "text": "SHILLONG: The Shillong Press Club organized a one-day joint workshop with the GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) at the club premises here on Wednesday to highlight the importance for mediapersons to be familiar with the basics in paramedics.It is usually seen that reporters reach the site of crisis before the police and ambulance so it is important for them to the basic ways to save the lives in danger. \"Reporters are usually the first ones to reach sites of accidents and other calamities. It is vital for them to know the basics of saving human lives and brining succor to those suffering instead of just taking photographs,\" said David Laitphlang, president of the Shillong Press Club.\"Besides doing our duty as journalists, we must also be sympathetic and help those in distress in whatever way we can,\" Laitphlang said, emphasizing on the need for professional mediapersons to be educated in the \"basics of saving lives\".\"It is with this aim in view that we have organized this demonstration with the help of the EMRI and we plan to conduct more such workshops in the future for creating awareness among the media fraternity on the importance of saving lives in crisis,\" the SPC president added.Using dummies, paramedics of the EMRI provided the journalists information on handling the critically injured .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "16376715", "title": "Cops in Punjab-Haryana-Rajasthan border points to join hands", "text": "Muktsar: Police departments of the bordering districts of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan have decided to join hands to fight the menace of drug smuggling and to catch inter-state criminals.The decision was taken at a meeting of police officers of the three states in Badal village of Muktsar district.\"We visited the inter-state borders jointly at Kandu Khera border, where one side is Rajasthan, other side Haryana and another side is Punjab. We have chalked out a strategy to nab criminals, especially the inter-state drug smugglers,\" said Nirmal Singh Dhillon, IG, Bathinda range.The meeting was attended by superintendents of police from Sirsa and Fatehabad in Haryana and SSP of Sri Ganganagar and Hanumangarh in Rajasthan, SSPs of Bathinda, Mansa, Muktsar, Fazilka, Abohar and Ferozepur.Officials also agreed to share information about hardcore criminals, especially drug peddlers, active directly or indirectly in drug peddling or other crimes.The three districts of Malwa, including Mansa, have about 45 km, Bathinda 40 km and Fazilka 60 km border, touching Haryana and Rajasthan.In the border areas, police have identified over 50 points where borders of the three states touch each other. \"Four points in Muktsar, 18 points in Mansa and 26 points in Fazilka have been identified.\" Dhillon added.\"It has also been decided to hold simultaneous joint nakabandis to identify and cut supply routes of drug gangs, check buses, trains and other escape routes of criminals and smugglers in each state and also hold joint operations to arrest drug peddlers,\" said Dhillon.\"Soon a meeting of concerned SHOs of the area will be held to start working at the ground level. It has also been decided that crime co-ordination meetings will be held every quarter,\" the IG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374806", "title": "Hair stylist killed by 3 gay partners: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claimed to have cracked the murder of well-known hair stylist Bimal Gurang, the brand ambassador of a French cosmetic company, saying he was killed at his Ber Sarai house in south Delhi by three youths whom he had picked up for sex.In a case that has shades of the 2004 Pushkin Chandra murder, Gurang's naked body was discovered early on September 6 after neighbours complained of a foul smell from his house.Police on Wednesday said the three accused killed Gurang on September 5 with an intention of robbing the house. Gurang was allegedly strangled during a sexual romp. The three accused \u2014 Nand Kishore, 24, Dalip Sharma, 27, and Pradeep Kumar, 24 \u2014 have been arrested.\"One of them, Nand Kishore, had sexual relations with Gurang earlier and would get paid for it,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (South).Kishore and Kumar were in jail till 2010 for the murder of a Dwarka-based businessman. Kumar had surrendered two days back in a bike theft case to mislead the cops.On August 13, 2004, 38-year-old Pushkin Chandra was murdered along with partner Kuldeep at his residence in Anand Lok by two men invited to the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16376707", "title": "Indra mom moves HC over property", "text": "JODHPUR: The issue of attaching Indra Bishnoi's property has reached the high court. Indra is the absconding mastermind of Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case and sister Malkhan Singh Bishnoi.Indra's mother Amari Devi, who had earlier objected to this in the ACJM court, has now challenged the same in the HC. Admitting her application, justice Sangeet Lodha has sought CBI's reply in 10 days. The ACJM court had summoned Amri Devi thrice to hear her objections on the issue but she did not appear and the court had ordered to close her witness and asked her counsel to proceed with arguements.Her brother Amar Singh had also moved an application in the ACJM court (SC/S Cases ) on Tuesday. The CBI in its reply on Wednesday said Singh's objection might hamper the case.\"We also objected to his filing the application after 5 months of our seizing her property,\" senior special counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi said.Meanwhile, the trial continued at the ACJM Court (SC/S Cases) on Wednesday with the charge arguments of Paras Ram Bishnoi. Though, he was not produced in the court as adequate cop cover was not available, the court took serious note of his absence and ordered police to produce him as soon a possible. following this, the police rushed to the jail and produced him in the court. After hearing the charge arguments for about two hours, the court adjourned the trial till 14 September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16378479", "title": "Students rally for peace in Dimapur", "text": "DIMAPUR: Thousands of students from various schools took out a rally in Dimapur on Wednesday and raised slogans demanding peace in the state.The rally, organized by Peace Channel, Dimapur, in association with other civil society groups and educational institutions, highlighted the fear among the citizens in the wake of frequent clashes and killings which has created a fear psychosis among children.Addressing the gathering, Naga Council president Savi Liegise said every citizen in Dimapur is yearning for peace and everyone must collectively work together to bring peace. Lamenting that children in Nagaland are living in fear, he said the power of positive thinking gradually disappears in such situations.Meanwhile, in the aftermath of August 31 incident in Kohima and the violence between Sumi and Angami tribals in Dimapur on September 1, a public meeting was held in Dimapur on Tuesday to foster peace and communal harmony. Members from various social organizations resolved to respect the 5-point resolution passed at the meeting.The meeting resolved that to prevent recurrence of violence, no party or group would impose bandhs or strikes in Dimapur leading to forceful closure of shops and business establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "tirupati/hyderabad", "code": "16375182", "title": "Lokesh hints at playing bigger role", "text": "TIRUPATI/HYDERABAD: In what could be a clear pointer that he would be playing a bigger role in TDP, Nara Lokesh, son of TDP president Chandrababu Naidu , said that he would be at hand to run the party affairs when his father embarks on a padayatra of the state from October 2. Asserting that the TDP would come back to power in the 2014 elections, Lokesh said he would work as a party worker and fight for the people's problems.On his way to Naravaripalle to attend a family function, he told newsmen at Tirupati on Wednesday that the padayatra would galvanise the party rank and file. He said the TDP alone has the wherewithal to take on the Congress, adding that other parties would merge with the Congress to isolate the TDP. \"But the TDP has the strength to defeat the Congress,\" he asserted. Since Naidu would be away from the state capital for nearly four months as part of his padayatra, observers said Lokesh would certainly play a key role in the party affairs. An indication to this effect was made clear by Lokesh himself when he said: \"I worked in the 2009 elections and also in the recent by-election.\" But he was evasive whether or not he planned to contest the 2014 elections. It is a known fact that Lokesh was directly monitoring the election cell of the party, headed by Dadi Veerabhadra Rao.That Lokesh is being groomed by Naidu himself was further corroborated when a section of TDP leaders demanded that he be made the president of Telugu Yuvatha, the youth wing of the party. \"Had the TDP won even a single seat the party campaign managers would have attributed the success to Lokesh. But with the party drawing a blank in the bypolls, the party leadership kept the matter under wraps,\" a party leader said.The buzz around Lokesh subsided after TDP MLA Kodali Nani's vituperative remarks against Naidu, which came as a rude shock to the party leadership. He described his suspension from the party as a sequel to the opposition from the NTR clan for Naidu's bid to bring in his son as his successor.Lokesh, who did his MBA course from Stanford University in the US, helps his mother Bhuvaneshwari in the family business. He is married to Brahmini, daughter of his maternal uncle, actor Balakrishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374880", "title": "Gurukul Trust gets its land back", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a significant ruling, a division bench of the AP high court on Wednesday declared that Gurukul Trust is the absolute owner of the 627-acre prime land at Khanapur near Hi-Tec City of Hyderabadand all those who encroached this land and raised several flats and high rise buildings must now compensate the trust with an equivalent alternative land. Several high profile structures of Ayyappa Society and other colonies are situated in this area apart from the structures of MNCs and their ventures.The trust becomes the owner and all the proceeds collected by the government in the name of regularisation are to be given to the trust and the initial charitable activities for which the trust is formed can be commenced again, the bench of acting CJ P C Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzulpurkar said in its judgment on Wednesday. The bench directed the authorities to evict all those who are not willing to get their occupations regularized for a price.Though the land was given in charity to the Gurukul trust by philanthropist Badrinath in 1951, one of its subsequent trustees obtained an exemption under the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) Act and started selling the land for nominal prices. Swamy Ayyappa Society got 71 acres this way. In 1998, the then regime issued orders converting this area into a residential area but later declared that all the transactions effected prior to 1987 were illegal.It maybe recalled that Gurukul Trust was formed with noble goals like feeding the orphans, providing education to destitute, cow protection etc. The trust had huge extents of land and the government had granted exemption for the trust under the Urban Land Ceiling Act so that the trust could continue to be the owner in spite of ULC Act.Then there were allegations that the land are being sold away. After some time, the government withdrew the exemption granted earlier. Due to this order the land became excess land under the ULC Act and vested with the government. The occupiers, persons and institutions that purchased these land approached the government for regularisation. Meanwhile, two division benches of the court upheld the right of the trust over the property.Current PIL was filed complaining that the government could not have withdrawn the exemption depriving the trust of the property and the money realised for the land. The bench set aside the order of the government. Now the trust gets back the land and thus the government has to remit crores it realised in the name of regularisation. A committee which comprises of the commissioner endowments and other senior officers will take steps to see that monies are realised and some alternate land is purchased in the name of the trust. The trust shall be run to full fill the goals it had set for itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374605", "title": "Revamp Guru Gobind Singh Hospital: HC", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the respective principal secretaries of building construction, energy and health departments, chairman, Bihar State Electricity Board, and Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to take measures for revamping Guru Gobind Singh Hospital, Patna City, and removing garbage from its campus so that it looks like a hospital attached to the medical college of Jai Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS).The court also ordered for constructing a boundary wall around JPNAIIMS campus before the opening of its medical college. The court directed senior SP, Patna, to provide adequate security on Guru Gobind Singh Hospital campus.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi issued the directive keeping in view the expected opening of JPNAIIMS medical college between September 16 and 20. Union health minister is scheduled to inaugurate it. The court said the Guru Gobind Singh Hospital, which has been attached to JPNAIIMS under an agreement to function till its super specialty hospital is ready, must be ready to attend the patients.Patna district magistrate, in his report, apprised the court of deficient power supply to Guru Gobind Singh Hospital due to faulty transformer which has not been replaced. The report also said work for rejuvenating the hospital was proceeding at a snail's pace, vehicles have not been provided to the hospital and armed police force had not been deployed there. Only partial work for removal of garbage had been undertaken, it said. The court directed the state administration to provide all these before the opening of the medical college.Directive: Justice Jaya Nandan Singh on Wednesday directed Union health and trade and commerce ministries, to reply to a writ petition stating what steps were taken to bring on record the proposed line of action to implement the provisions of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003.The order was passed on a writ petition of M/s Wast Fragrances claiming that the departments concerned of the central government were not implementing the provisions of the Act.Petitioner's counsel Prabhat Ranjan Dwivedi cited Section 7 of the Act which states that the government should prescribe the maximum permissible limit of the content of nicotine and tar in the tobacco products, particularly in cigarettes, for printing them on the cigarette packets and other tobacco products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375346", "title": "Cops: IIT staffer sedated colleague\u2019s wife last year", "text": "MUMBAI: The IIT-Bombay staffer arrested for allegedly serving sedative-laden coffee to a 28-year-old PhD researcher on August 11 reportedly committed a similar offence on a 46-year-old homemaker early last year.The alleged victim and her husband, however, did not report the matter at that time fearing the consequences.The PhD researcher reportedly told the police that she learned from some friends that the accused, S V Rajan (56), had targeted the wife of a 54-year-old IIT-B assistant executive engineer on February 5, 2011.The 46-year-old woman, along with her husband, has now been made a witness in the case. \"The information provided by these witnesses helped us prepare a watertight case. On Wednesday, the evidence helped us in the sessions court, which denied bail to the accused,\" deputy commissioner of police (Zone X) Dr Cherring Dorje told TOI.Rajan has been remanded in judicial custody till September 17. \"The court rejected the bail plea after going through the evidence. This included the Forensic Science Laboratory's report showing the presence of Diazepam, a tranquillizer drug, in the IIT researcher's stomach, blood and urine. The other piece of evidence was the medical reports of the 46-year-old IIT staffer and his wife, whom Rajan had given coffee laden with sedative (Benzodiazepine) on February 5, 2011,\" a Powai police officer said.The police got in touch with the couple on September 8, who agreed to become witnesses in the case instead of lodging a complaint against Rajan. \"The couple said they decided to come forward after learning about the recent case. They wanted to ensure that the victim got justice after she was misbehaved by the accused,\" said the officer.The officer further said Rajan followed the same modus operandi in both the cases. \"He befriended the couple at the campus badminton court and kept inviting them to have a cup of coffee at his residence. Finally, the couple agreed and went to his place on the morning on February 5, 2011. They had coffee but left soon after as the assistant executive engineer got a call from a professor,\" the officer pointed out.The engineer went to meet the professor while his wife returned to their quarters. Minutes later, the engineer fell unconscious. \"When neighbours went to inform the engineer's wife about his condition, they found her lying unconscious in the ground- floor flat. The two were taken a hospital and they regained consciousness the next day. The couple avoided Rajan after that but did not report the matter,\" the officer said.IIT officials confirmed that such an incident had happened in the past. The police are now trying to find out from where Rajan got hold of the sedatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374755", "title": "First wife\u2019s brother arrested for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a 27-year-old woman was shot dead in Rohini, police have arrested the brother of the first wife of the victim's husband. The accused, Sandeep (30), revealed that he planned to eliminate the entire family but his plan failed after he could not locate his brother-in-law at his pathology lab.The accused then swiftly changed his plan and waited outside the victim's house. He followed Meenakshi when she came out to drop her son to school. He cornered the rickshaw she was travelling in and entered into an argument. When the woman tried to flee, he chased her and shot her dead, police said.A police source said Sandeep was upset with his brother-in-law's attitude towards his sister. He decided to settle scores somewhere around Rakhi and had been looking for an opportunity. \"The accused said he wanted to avenge the separation of his sister from her husband,\" said Tejender Luthra, joint CP, northern range.After questioning nearly 50 rickshawpullers in the area, police zeroed in on the one Meenakshi had taken on Tuesday. The rickshawpuller identified Sandeep as the gunman on being shown his photograph. Cops were supplied with the registration number of Sandeep's bike. They found it to be registered in the name of one Nafe Singh, who lives in Sonipat. The victim's husband, Parminder Rana, told police that Singh is the father of his first wife, Ritu. When teams were then sent to their village, Sandeep was found to be missing. This made cops suspicious. Police finally Sandeep from a relative's house in Bawana after a tip-off.\"Rana had married Ritu in 2004. But their relations soured and Ritu started living with her parents after two years. Rana started living with Meenakshi in Rohini. Rita filed a number of cases against Parminder, including those under Hindu marriage Act, Domestic violence Act and Dowry Act,\" M A Rizvi, additional deputy commissioner of police (outer), said.Sandeep told police that he and his family members tried to resolve the differences with Rana, but did not succeed. Ritu had filed various cases against Rana in courts in Delhi and Sonipat. Sandeep alleged he got a 7.65mm pistol due to threats from Rana.In 2010, Rana tried to work out a compromise with Ritu. They moved in together, but Rana again started avoiding her and staying with Meenakshi. \"The relations between the families deteriorated further. Sandeep started living in tension as Rana was refusing to patch up with his sister. Some of the cases had been withdrawn by them after a compromise with Rana,\" Rizvi said.The accused made a last-ditch effort on September 10 to mend fences with Rana, but he refused to leave Meenakshi. \"The next day, armed with a pistol, he came in search of Rana but could not find him. He, however, murdered Meenakshi as felt the two had spoiled his sister's life,\" Rizvi said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376670", "title": "Verdict on Taj Corridor PILs reserved", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday reserved its judgment on PILs seeking direction for initiation of criminal proceeding against former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Naseemuddin Siddiqui in the alleged Taj Corridor scam. It is likely to pronounce the decision after Dussehra vacations, though no specific date has been fixed.While on behalf of the petitioners counsel CB Pandey argued before the bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh, senior counsel Satish Chandra Mishra along with a team of advocates represented Mayawati and other respondents.A special CBI court had dropped the proceedings against Mayawati and Siddiqui in 2007 for lack of prosecution sanction, which was not granted by then governor. The CBI did not appeal against the order. Subsequently, three PILs were filed in 2009 challenging the decision of the CBI court. Later, three more PILs were filed in this connection later. Later, several hearing notices were issued by the court to Mayawati and Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375656", "title": "A helping hand for budding entrepreneurs", "text": "NAGPUR: Institute of Management Technology (IMT) is organizing the second certificate course on Small Enterprise Management (SEMAP) for aspiring small-scale entrepreneurs.They are being supported by Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) and The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE). \"This is a programme to help prospective entrepreneurs to develop their skills,\" said DS Mishra of SIDBI.Sachin Iyer, executive director TiE, said that the course aims at guiding participants in innovatively developing their businesses. \"Today, a lot many people are ready to invest in India because of the economic downturn in the rest of the world. Here, we will help these entrepreneurs to present their ideas to these modern investors in a successful manner,\" he said.\"This will be an opportunity for them to gain knowledge about many aspects of business, including its financial management, where I believe many of us lack skills. These participants will always be like the alumni of IMT, and we will be always open for them when they need to recharge their knowledge,\" said Subhash Datta, director of IMT.The 26-week course is divided into three modules and will begin from September 26. Interested candidates can contact Abhinav Chandel on 09330538466 or Sachin Iyer at 9370168009.IMT, together with BAIF Development and Research Foundation, Pune will be organizing an international conference on inclusive and sustainable growth at Pune from October 4-6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376032", "title": "Parties should take rational decision", "text": "The manner in which various parties have flip-flopped on the issue of Telangana makes it quite evident that for many of them their stance at any given point of time is determined largely by what is politically convenient. That is a dangerous game to play. Breaking up a state and creating a new one is too emotionally charged an issue, and one with serious consequences, for such an attitude. Parties ought to be deciding their positions on the basis of the principles involved - whether smaller states make sense, whether the Telangana region really would benefit from being separated from Andhra Pradesh and so on.Related story:  Telugu Desam Party U-turn on Telangana may leave Congress in a spot", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376173", "title": "Maid jumps from fourth floor balcony, injured", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old maid, who was caught by her employer while allegedly committing a theft of Rs 100, was critically injured after she jumped from the fourth floor balcony of a building in Amanora Park in Hadapsar on Wednesday afternoon.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav, in charge of the Hadapsar police station, told TOI that Mamta Birajdar of Sasanenagar was working as a maidservant at a flat in Amanora Park.On Wednesday, her employer had allegedly caught Birajdar stealing Rs 100 and had threatened to inform her husband. Birajdar appealed to her employer not to disclose the incident, but in vain. Birajdar then tried to end her life by jumping from the balcony of the flat. She has received head injuries and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Hadapsar. Her condition is critical, Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16376122", "title": "Idea! What about a call taxi-like system?", "text": "CHENNAI: What can an idea do? A lot, if you get support from the right quarters. One such idea appears to be emerging, as transport experts agree that a technology-assisted autorickshaw network may be able to satisfy the commuters and the auto drivers on a judicious fare structure.The original idea came from Nirmal Kumar, a graduate in Ahmedabad, in 2009. Nirmal set up a call centre, something like that of a call taxi network. The company then developed a software that can track the location of mobile phones of auto drivers. Whenever a commuter called, the auto driver in the vicinity of the closest mobile tower was sent a text message about the location of the caller to be picked up. This brought down dead mileage and increased income. \"Each day, an auto driver gets an income of around 600 after spending 300 on fuel, maintenance and EMIs,\" said Kumar.\"We formed a network, a brand,\" he said. G-Auto was born with 1,000-odd autoricshaws. \"People will know that with G-Autos, there will be no haggling or fleecing,\" he added. Now, there are 10,000 G-Autos in Gujarat, 6,000 of them in Ahmedabad.A senior police officer who studied the model said, \"At the end of the day, auto drivers should benefit from having meters and running them. This model ensures that,\" said the officer. \"A smooth autorickshaw system is not just about the journey. An efficient network can squeeze out the maximum efficiency,\" said Raj Cherubal of Chennai City Connect.Ahmedabad is similar to Chennai on two counts. Both cities have the same number of autorickhshaws, around 70,000. On an average, each auto driver travels roughly the same distance a day. But there are differences in the number of trips and the resultant dead kilometers the driver clocks. If the auto driver gets more trips without much dead distance, he stands to gain. So does the commuter.An average driver in Chennai does 10 trips a day; In Ahmedabad, an auto driver gets double that. In Chennai, the dead mileage is estimated at 35km. In Ahmedabad, it is 25km. Here autos run mostly on petrol. Around 25,000 of the 70,000 autorickshaws in Chennai run on LPG.The Gujarat government set the fares at 11 minimum for 1.2km and 8 per km. Here, auto drivers unions are looking at 30 as minimum for 2km and Rs 15 per km there on.If this model is replicated, the dead mileage can be considerably brought down and the fare could be fixed slightly more than that in Ahmedabad and still the autorickshaw drivers can earn more than what they do now, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374226", "title": "Five injured in fire after gas cylinder leak in Anna Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: Five people including a six-year-old boy were injured in a fire accident caused by a gas leak at a house in Anna Nagar West on Wednesday.The accident took place around 5pm when R Durairaj, 42, employee of a gas agency in Mogappair, was trying to repair a faulty LPG regulator. The fire was set off by a spark, when they were checking if the leak was fixed.The victims Durairaj, house owner S Jothiammal, 40, Jothiammal's son Suresh, 17, and Jothiammal's brother Ravi, 45, and neighbour P Balaji, 6, sustained severe burn injuries. They have been admitted to Government Kilpauk Medical College hospital where their condition is said to be critical.On Wednesday morning, Jothiammal informed Ganesh gas agency at Mogappair about a leak from the gas cylinder. The agency sent Durairaj to fix the leak.\"After working for a while on the cylinder, Durairaj asked Jothiammal to light the stove. However, when struck a match, the entire house was engulfed in flames,\" said the Thirumangalam inspector Frank D Ruban.Ravi, Balaji and Suresh, a student of Loyola College, were standing near the kitchen door when the accident took place.Police said Balaji used to visit the house regularly as he enjoyed playing with Suresh. Balaji's mother had advised him to stay away as there was a gas leak when the technician came to fix the problem. Suresh too had asked the boy to return his house, the police officer said.\"We suspect the gas was leaking when Durairaj was at work. He might have asked Jothiammal to light the stove while the gas was still leaking,\" the inspector said.The neighbours came to their aid and rushed them to hospital even before the fire engines arrived. Doctors said Jothiammal sustained more than 90% burns. Balaji sustained minimum injuries as he was standing behind Suresh and Ravi near the door.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376567", "title": "CBI not doing enough, feel victims\u2019 kin", "text": "JAIPUR: The residents of Gopalgarh town, especially those who lost their kin in the violence almost a year ago (Sept 14) are not satisfied with CBI probe. At least 10 Meo Muslims were killed and 38 were injured in the violence.The CBI had arrested 15 persons, including 10 from the Gujjar and five from the Meo communities. The locals allege that the CBI had presented a weak chargesheet on March 6, 2012 and those who lost their kin, filed a writ in the high court and demanded that the case be handed over to the National Investigation Agency.\"Not a single police officer has been booked despite the fact that the state government had accepted that three persons had sustained bullet injuries. The police opened fire after the violence broke out and signs of which are still visible on the mosque, but till date the investigation has not nailed down the actual culprits,\" said Shafi Mohammed who lost his brother and had filed a writ before the Rajasthan high court.The alleged \"casual\" approach of the agency is visible as till date the CBI has merely recorded the statements of both the local legislators - Congress's Zahida Khan and BJP's Anita Singh.Members of the Gujjar community are resenting to the fact that CBI booked their community members under 302 of the IPC while Meos were booked merely for ransacking and rioting. \"The state government through CBI is trying to pacify people to gain sympathy of the Meos by sparing them in the case,\" said a resident of Gopalgarh.In the chargesheet, policemen and senior officers were made witness despite the fact that 219 rounds of fire were exchanged on that day. The locals demanded that when so many rounds were fired by the police, CBI should have investigated the role of police.\"They said the investigation against the police and other officers of the district administration is in progress. However, we have an apprehension that CBI has sheltered them. Since, in these 10 FIRs the former district collector Krishna Kunal and former superintendent of police, Hinglaz Dan were also been named, the CBI should had at least said a word on their role in their first FIR,\" said Jalees Khan, husband of Congress legislator Zahida Khan who was witness of the case.Another major \"flaw\" in the case is the fact that CBI did not record the statements of 38 persons who were injured in the Gopalgarh violence.However, the CBI officers preferred not to go on record relating to the developments in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373911", "title": "Waste designed into wonders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The students of Raffles Millennium International have come up with the novel idea of using sustainable materials to create world-class furniture design as part of their syllabus. Some of their best works that highlight 'upcycling' are derived from the local scrap yard and currently are at display on their campus.\"Upcycling is the process of converting waste materials into new products of better quality and environmental value,\" says Devon Foster, head of department of product design. Trips to the city's scrap yard, pasti walas, and second-hand automotive shops allow the students acquaint themselves with various recyclable materials they can work with. Chains, mountain-high piles of plastic buckets, shredded paper, discarded aluminum cans, corrugated cardboard, tyres, and metals are some of the things the students picked up. \"After a proper brainstorming, kids are allowed to make models of the kind of product they want to develop,\" says Vinishree Verma, professor, product design. \"On display are prototypes that the kids have built after the whole process.\"A student, Kavin Mehta, has laminated corrugated cardboard sheets together to create a fantastic chair. His design is modern and masculine; and a quirky additional feature to his chair is a seat cushion made from recycled bubble wrap which is illuminated with LEDs.Bhavprita Zaveri created a chair from old tyres, wrapping old jute twine around the tyres to hide the worn and shabby surfaces. The end product is traditional yet modern, and has a hint of Indian elegance. Another student, Neil Shah combined old metal gear chains in repetition and draped them over a tubular steel frame to create a one-piece seat or back assembly. It is durable enough to withstand all weather conditions, is extremely heavy and is designed to be used in a garden or in street-furniture setting. \"Individual chains are positioned closely but are welded at only two points on the frame, thus providing support to each person's individual posture,\" says Neil.\"We pay a lot of attention to sustainability, as that is the way forward. This is why our work has been appreciated by recycling centres in the city,\" says Foster. \"Wealth out of Waste (WoW) will be soon working with us in developing these products and that will not be limited to just furniture.\"The college aims to encourage students to develop unique concepts by viewing discarded waste as \"raw\" construction material. \"We encourage students to \"transcend\" the material by not just seeing it for what it is, but rather for what it can become; namely an attractive, comfortable and ergonomically sound piece of furniture,\" says Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374085", "title": "Jittery censor board waters down film on Sompeta firing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The censors, who in general have Telugu film producers quite piqued, have played foul again.The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC)'s regional officers in Hyderabad have tinkered with the film 'People's War' based on the Sompeta farmers and fishermen's agitation against a power plant in Srikakulam. What is baffling is how the regional officer A Dhanalakshmi and her censor board colleagues are scared to even allow the name 'Sompeta' mentioned in the film.In July 2010, four protesters were killed when police opened fire on farmers agitating against the go-ahead given to a power plant in Sompeta. Filmmaker R Narayanamurthy says that he has made 'People's War' to drive home the point that farmers should not be deprived of fertile agricultural land but confesses that he is unable to understand why the mere mention of 'Sompeta' in the film is giving the censors jitters.Such is Narayanamurthy's agony that all he wants to say to the censors is a 'big thank you' for appreciating a film made on an environmental issue, never mind if it has been given a 'U/A' certificate. The film is for unrestricted public exhibition but with parental guidance. The first thing that has hurt the film, which is to release on September 14, is how any mention of 'Sompeta' has been directed to be removed by the censors. The fact of the matter is that the film is all about 'Sompeta', yet the filmmaker has been forced to change that to 'Someswarapeta'. \"The word Telangana has been allowed in films made in the past. I myself have made a film titled 'Poru Telangana' and there was no objection to that. I do not understand why 'Sompeta' is to be erased,\" Narayanamurthy told TOI.'People's War' is based on a true events and addresses a real issue; but thanks to the censors, Narayanamurthy has to insert a disclaimer at the beginning and the end of the movie announcing that: \"The film is a work of fiction and does not refer to real-life characters or incidents. Any resemblance is a co-incidence\".Narayanamurthy is known to express strong views in his films but that does not seem to sit too well with the censors who have also forced him to further note in the disclaimer that: \"The viewpoints expressed are that of the filmmaker and contrary viewpoints/opinions do also exist\".A film submitted for certification is viewed by the CBFC regional officer A Dhanalakshmi along with four or five members. The filmmaker is informed what cuts are required in the film during a discussion with CBFC members. Even if a filmmaker tries to argue, it is the censors who invariably have the last word as they cite guidelines governing their job. Funnily enough, for 'People's War', the censors have even asked that any references to GO Nos.1107 and 1108 also be removed from the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373928", "title": "10-year-old dies after school vaccination drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 10-year-old boy Hardik Kaila died in Viramgam after a school vaccination drive, sparking panic among other residents. The residents have alleged that the boy died after being injected with the vaccine.The alleged casualty , Kaila, was vaccinated along with 124 other students at Setu Vidyalaya in Viramgam. Hardik was rushed to the local government hospital on Tuesday night, where he died. A post mortem was conducted on him at Sola civil hospital on Wednesday. District health officer Neelam Patel claims that preliminary reports have suggested that the death was because of acute viral infection.A similar panic reigned in Kheda on the same day. In the afternoon 24 children from H &amp; D Parekh High school of Kheda town were rushed to the local government hospital after some children complained of weak health, headache , nausea, blurry vision. The resident health officer of Kheda, Dr BR Panchal told TOI, \"Only two students were put under observation for suspected fever. It normally might happen in children after a vaccination depending on the immune system. Hearing about these cases, another 22 children who received the vaccination too were brought to the hospital by panic-stricken parents.\" He adds that close to 154 children in H&D; Parekh school received the shots.The immunization drive which started on Tuesday afternoon across schools in 16 districts in Gujarat. Till Wednesday afternoon, 25,501 children up to the age of 10 years were vaccinated under this drive. \"As word spread about complications, many parents rushed their children to hospital after the vaccination drive,\" said a senior health official in Gandhinagar.Worried parents have demanded the name of the company which supplied the vaccine, along with the manufacturing date and expiry dates of the vaccine. They have even questioned the storage of the vaccines, as a cold chain of anywhere between -2 to -8 degree Celcius has to be maintained. Following the panic in these two towns, the state health department has already started enquiring into the incidents and will place its observations on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16377289", "title": "Commuters, watch out, BMTC strike from today", "text": "BANGALORE: Public transport is likely to be affected across Karnataka from Thursday, with 1.1.lakh drivers, conductors and mechanics working with various State Road Transport Corporations and the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) scheduled to go on an indefinite strike.The workers are agitating against the authorities' decision to unilaterally announce pay hikes for class 3 and 4 employees that include the drivers, conductors and mechanics, and to press 40 other demands, like payment of DA.About 2,200 night-out BMTC buses have already left their depots and will be available for commuters till Thursday noon. These buses will be available for the public in case the strike call evokes a massive response, official sources said.However, BMTC operations were severely impacted in the west division on Wednesday, with very few buses plying in Kengeri, Rajarajeshwari Nagar and Bidadi as many drivers and conductors kept off work.The KSRTC Staff and Workers' Federation, the sponsor of the strike, received a boost when four of the other seven unions announced they would join the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378192", "title": "Time-bound public services from January 1", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Wednesday said it would implement the proposed law to provide time-bound delivery of important public services to the people from January 1.In the first phase, about 25 to 30 services would be rolled out, while in the subsequent phase another 45 to 50 services would be made available to the public, an official release said following a meeting chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik . All the government offices will display a time schedule for different services.Last week, the state legislature passed the Odisha Right to Public Service Bill, which envisages delivery of various public services relating to 10 administrative departments in a time-bound manner. The departments to be covered are energy, housing and urban, school and mass education, commerce and transport, home, finance , revenue and disaster management, rural development, health and family welfare and women and child development, official sources said.Odisha would be the 12th state in the country to implement such a law. Such a legislation already exists in states like Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir , Bihar and Madhya Pradesh , sources added.Official sources said under the proposed legislation the act citizens would be get their land records, driving licences, electricity and water connections and other services within a stipulated time. Officers, who fail to deliver the services on time, could attract punishment. Naveen has issued instructions to different departments to train their staff to avoid penalty and to provide effective service to the citizens, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16376108", "title": "UK channel won't air documentary on Islam over security fears", "text": "LONDON: A documentary on Britain's Channel 4 on the origins of Islam has sparked off a furious row, leading to over 1,000 complaints and security fears that prompted the cancellation of a planned repeat screening in London on Thursday. The documentary, titled 'Islam: The Untold Story', was telecast on Channel 4 on August 28.Its presenter, historian Tom Holland , soon became the target of criticism and abuse, prompting security fears and complaints to the channel and broadcast regulator Ofcom.Holland has been accused of making 'baseless assumption' and engaging in 'selective scholarship' for making the claim in the 'poorly researched' documentary.Holland said, \"The origins of Islam are a legitimate subject of historical enquiry and this film is in keeping with other series and programmes on Channel 4 where the historical context of world religions has been examined. He added, \"An accusation laid against the film is one of bias and, although I believe that absolute objectivity is a chimera, what was incumbent upon us, in making the film, was to be up-front about my own ideological background and presumptions, and to acknowledge the different perspective that Muslim faith provides\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16377409", "title": "Bangalore literature fest hopes to be south\u2019s Jaipur", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a new page in the city's literary history. A three-day Bangalore Literature Festival (BLF) from Dec 7 will bring to the city something its readers, and many writers, have been yearning for. Also, there are reports of the Indian edition of the Hay Festival moving here from Thiruvananthapuram.Announcing the festival on Wednesday, author Vikram Sampath said: \"We'll play host to a large number of national and international authors. We hope to introduce Bangalore, with its lovely people, its sounds and sights and smells \u2014 hopefully, the garbage problem would have been sorted out by then \u2014 to them.\"\"It's a young festival, not only in terms of people putting it together but the people it's reaching out to,\" said veteran writer Shashi Deshpande, an adviser to the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16375209", "title": "ACB to probe MLA's assets", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Ruling Congress MLA U V Ramana Murthy Raju, who is also known as Kanna Babu, has found himself in a tight spot with the ACB court directing the ACB sleuths to probe into his alleged disproportionate assets.The court ordered the probe following a petition by a TDP activist Adari Adimurthy, who charged the MLA with acquiring huge tracts of land at cheap rates. The petitioner reportedly provided to the ACB court evidence in the form of 28 documents as proof of his charges against the MLA. Kanna Babu, a two time MLA from the Yelamanchili constituency, began his career as a contractor. Always a controversial figure, he is said to be close to former minister Konathala Ramakrishna, who is in the YSR Congress now.Adimurthy alleged that Kanna Babu misused his power in de-notifying the land that was originally earmarked for APIIC in the Atchyuthapuram-Rambilli belt after having bought it from the owners for a song. He contended that a vigilance inquiry into the allegations that the MLA hijacked a vehicle scheme meant for SCs and STs and used it to do benami transport business, was also pending against the MLA. The MLA's son apparently runs the business (buses for a textile unit) and reportedly received Rs 1 crore subsidy (for two buses).Recently, the HC, acting on a petition filed by Korada Venkata Ramana, also a resident of Yelamanchili, directed the vigilance department to submit an inquiry report on the allegations that the MLA had undervalued his assets in his declaration to the government. The MLA, prior to the 2004 elections, had declared a bank balance of Rs 75,000 (Rs 25,000 in his name and Rs 50,000 in his spouse's name), while by 2009 the deposits declared in the election affidavit had increased manifold. Furthermore, even his house under construction in Seethamadhara north extension in Visakhapatnam was built without getting the required ULC exemption, it was alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375387", "title": "Police continue to delay action in missing cases", "text": "NAGPUR: City police seem to have made it a habit to take complaints of kids going missing lightly without realizing that their delay could lead to grave consequences. Kalamna police took almost nine hours to lodge the missing complaint in case of five-year-old Krish Kaikade who went missing on Tuesday.They actually sent back the worried family twice before making any move. Krish has been untraceable for more than 24 hours from Mahajanpura near Pardi. His mother had gone to fetch a water bottle from inside leaving a crying Krish, in his school uniform, outside the house. Krish was missing when she came back. The family members fear he may have been kidnapped.In August, Lakadganj police had taken more than 24 hours to register a case in case of three-year-old Chand Babu. Fortunately, the boy was rescued from kidnappers in Bihar within a couple of days but the police seem to have learnt no lesson.Geeta, Krish's mother, still seems unable to come to terms with her loss. \"I came back from inside the room within a few minutes filling up a small water bottle as he was crying for it and the boy was not there,\" she said. Geeta said that Krish was about to leave for Balwadi with her in the noon when the incident took place. Krish's younger sister three-year-old Payal goes to Anganwadi at 10 am and the boy leaves after two hours.\"Krish is shy and introvert. He does not entertain strangers or anyone other than family members,\" said another family member. Family sources said Krish would not leave the lane and prefer playing with the younger sister and another cousin of their age. \"He is weak and cannot walk or run fast. It is impossible he could have gone far by himself,\" a relative said.Geeta informed Krish's father Sunil who owns a Paan kiosk near HB Town. He came rushing. The family members started searching for the boy in nearby localities and also called up their friends and relatives. At 1 pm, they approached the Kalamna police station. Instead of sending messages on wireless or alerting the bike-borne patrolling cops, Kalamna police told the economically weak family to return after four hours after having searched at more places.At 5 pm, the family was told to bring 24 photographs of the boy of different sizes. It took another four hours for the family to arrange. It was only on Wednesday that Kalamna police reached Krish's home and recorded the statement of the family and neighbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373784", "title": "Bapu\u2019s life is now a graphic message", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gandhians often find it difficult to explain the relevance of the Mahatma to youngsters. But they have got some help from two young professionals, who are taking Gandhi's message - his autobiography 'The story of my experiments with truth' - to the on-the-move generation, which has grown up reading superhero comics.Documentary filmmaker Janhavi Prasada and illustrator Girish Arora, a graduate of the National Institute for Design (NID) have joined hands to create a graphic version of Bapu's autobiography - the first in the world. The graphic novel is in the final stages of review and is being vetted by Gandhian scholars.\"We chose the graphic novel form because it has a strong visual connect - the person in the autobiography is brought to life. This art form is the most poignant way of telling complex and important stories,\" says Prasada, who along with Arora, has been working on the project for the last 18 months. The graphic adaptation runs into more than 200 pages and tries to visually engage Bapu with today's youth.The book will capture Bapu's principles of fairness in political life, the use of civil disobedience only to remind adversaries of their common humanity and also his quest for truth from childhood days till his death.\"Bapu was always seen in the context of pre-independence India. Very few are aware that his principles are dynamic and applicable to our daily lives. Bapu's take on non-violence, social justice, green technologies, climate control, health-hygiene, racism, sexism and self-empowerment. His life was 'peace in action',\" says Prasada.The only other graphic novel on Bapu was by a Japanese artist Kazuki Ebine in Manga format, which only throws light on a few of his life-changing experiences.\"I have been inspired to do the book because there is no other powerful medium that is simple and easy to grasp as the visual format. I am inspired by Gandhi the ordinary man turning into a man of many facets and in my quest for doing a graphic novel on Gandhi I voraciously read tonnes of graphic novels, one of them being on Babasaheb and learnt so much about him...,\" Prasada adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16377011", "title": "Labour agitation stalls work at Howrah factory", "text": "HOWRAH: Work was suspended on Wednesday at a factory in Uluberia following labour unrest on the premises for last 48 hours. Carnation Industries - in Uluberia has declared suspension of work folloowing labour unrest for last 48 hours.which manufacturers and exports grey iron and ductile (SG) iron castings, manhole covers and frames - released a suspension notice on Tuesday evening after last evening asseveral employees who are not on the payrolls of the company stopped work and creating a chaos inside the unit as they felt that the hike in daily wages was not enoughis not viable.\"We had planned to give an increment of Rs 10-30 on a daily basis, but these employees are not happy with it and are creating trouble. We want to see the plant running and will hold a meeting with the labour commissioner on Thursday,\" said Abhijit Biswas, manager in charge (HR and administration). According to him around 65 employees are on the pay rolls of the company and most of the work is outsourced from the contract labours.Commenting on the tussle between management of the company and staffs, Arupesh Bhattacharya, Inttuc president (Howrah), said action will be taken if INTTUC, pointed out that they would take action if any of the employees creating trouble are found to be enrolled with their union. A company official, however, stated they were not happy with the way in which police are handling the impasse.\"We don't promote these agitations and we want to see the unit running again,\" he said.A company offcial cited tat they are not very happy the way local police has been handling the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376085", "title": "Central Railway: Close Chunabhatti rail crossing during peak hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has renewed its appeal to the state government to close the Chunabhatti level-crossing gate during peak hours to ensure punctuality of services on Harbour Line.A senior CR official said, \"We had earlier requested the government to close the level-crossing gate at Kurla. However, the appeal was rejected due to pressure from politicians.\"According to CR, unless the gate is closed during the rush hours, there is no scope of running the services on time.An official said, \"During peak hours, we run 17 services in an hour. Any delay in closing the gate affects the Harbour Line time table. We have even stopped plying goods services during the day to ensure that the path is clear for Harbour Line services.\"CR claimed that of the 40 lakh passengers on its suburban network, nearly 13 lakh use the Harbour Line. \"On an average, 1,000 passengers travel by Harbour Line per minute. The gate remains open for six to eight minutes and eight vehicles pass the gate per minute. However, there are times when the gate has to be kept open for 10 minutes due to heavy traffic, which resulting in train delays,\" said the official.Services between Panvel and CST run on 1,500V Direct Current (DC) traction, while on Andheri-CST route, the services run on 25,000V Alternating Current (AC).The official said, \"On Harbour Line, the rake linkage is such that only AC-traction compatible trains run between CST and Andheri and DC rakes ply between CST and Panvel .\"The official pointed out that unlike Main Line and Western Line services, which have four corridors, Harbour Line has only two corridors. Due to delays and bunching of services, over-crowding has become a serious problem in trains on Harbour Line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378181", "title": "Congress rally violence: Sketches of 36 suspects released", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Wednesday released sketches of 36 suspects, who were involved in September 6 violence during the Congress rally here. Scores of police personnel and Congress activists were injured in the mayhem.\"The sketches have been circulated to all police stations in Odisha. Those will also be pasted at some places,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"The suspects include those who assaulted woman constable Pramila Padhi. We have to find out whether or not they were Congress activists,\" he added. Police portrayed the sketches after scanning the video footages from surveillance cameras installed near Mahatma Gandhi Marg. Police have so far arrested 33 people in connection with the violence. But the assaulters of Padhi are still at large.DGP Prakash Mishra told TOI, \"We are trying to collect evidence and examining visual images of the September 6 violence. We are planning some more arrests.\" The top cop's statement came amid demands by the ruling BJD and two police service associations for the arrest of senior Congress leader Jagdish Tytler .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16376322", "title": "New panel to ready tiger tourism norms in 10 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another panel has been set up by the ministry of environment and forests to decide eco-tourism guidelines in core areas and peripheral buffer zones of tiger reserves, and submit a report within 10 days.The panel's creation comes on the back of ministry's commitment to the Supreme Court that it would review its proposed norms on eco-tourism and get back to the SC with a final version by September 29.The new panel includes two wildlife scientists K Ullas Karanth and Wildlife Institute of India's Y V Jhala. Also, there are Brijendra Singh, considered close to the Gandhi family and a member of the National Board of Wildlife, Raghu Chundawat, a tiger expert and a resort-owner in Madhya Pradesh, Shekhar Dattari a wildlife filmmaker, Swathi Sheshadri of Equations, an NGO that works on tourism, Tushar Das of NGO Vasundhra, which works on tribal rights, and Arun Bhatnagar, a retired bureaucrat. In addition, the committee will have representatives from tribal affairs, tourism and panchayati raj ministries, besides chief wildlife wardens of MP, UP, Rajasthan, Karnataka and Assam.The member secretary of the National Tiger Conservation Authority will serve as convener on the committee.The committee been tasked to \"prepare a comprehensive set of guidelines for tiger conservation and tourism as provided in section 380 (c) of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972\". It has been asked to keep all existing laws in mind, including the Forest Rights Act, while drawing up the guidelines.While the apex court had put a complete but interim ban on tourism in the core of tiger reserves, the ministry had earlier recommended only partial tourism in the core run by communities. The ministry's suggestions had a rider. It sought to put stringent conditions including a cess on revenues of the resorts around tiger reserves to fund conservation. Several tour operators and resort owners had opposed both the court's interim order and government guidelines. Several states, too, had opposed a complete ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374180", "title": "New system to check water supply in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has planned to implement a centralised city water supply network system for Chennai to stop wastage of drinking water and check illegal supply. With the system, officials will be able monitor drawing of water from the different sources and the quantum distributed to various parts of the city from the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (CMWSSB) headquarters.\"Necessary equipment will be installed at all water sources, treatment plants, head works and water distribution stations to access actual capacities, drawing of water from sources, treatment, storage and water distribution pattern and quality of water,\" a senior board official told TOI. The reservoirs that would be a part of this network include Poondi, Cholavaram, Red Hills, Chembarambakkam, Veeranam and Sai Gangai.The official said the digital data collected would be made available through a GPRS/GSM-based network system and would be processed and displayed on a LCD display system at the headquarters. \"The approximate cost of the project will be around Rs 2 crore,\" the official added.According to the plan, the system would display live data such as water level, turbidity (foreign particles) and residual chlorine values and would have the capability of displaying images, processed reports, charts and tables of various formats in a single screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16378574", "title": "Arunachal media condemns attack on colleagues", "text": "ITANAGAR: Taking strong exception to unabated attacks on the media even after the deployment of security personnel in press establishments, the Arunachal Press Club ( APC ) and Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists (APUWJ) on Wednesday condemned the unprovoked assault on Arunachal Times employees on Tuesday.The frequent attacks on mediapersons have become a major concern in the state. The two organizations have called on the state police to bring the culprits to book at the earliest.A group of miscreants attacked two employees of The Arunachal Times, an English daily, here on Tuesday, sending shockwaves among the media fraternity. The two employees, Ranjit Sarkar and Sunando Bora, were attacked by miscreants in front of their office. The incident was, however, captured in the CCTV cameras in the daily's office. The attackers escaped on two motorcycles after other employees rushed to the entrance gate on hearing the screams of the two.Sarkar was severely injured while Bora escaped with minor injuries. Police rushed to the spot and the duowas taken to RK Mission Hospital. A case has been registered and investigation launched.The incident took place at the same spot, where Tongam Rina, the associate editor of the daily was shot at on July 15 last.The two media organizations have also expressed indignation at the slow progress in the Tongam Rina shooting case. The many peaceful dharnas and protest rallies by mediapersons have borne no fruit yet. The organizations also demanded to know why the security personnel have been withdrawn though The Arunachal Times is under constant threat.This is the fourth major attack on the employees of the newspaper. In March 2012, one DTP operator was beaten outside the office while on April 15 a group of masked men vandalized the office and on July 15 associate editor Tongam Rina was shot at outside the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16378628", "title": "Kanpur celebrates Aseem Trivedi\u2019s release", "text": "KANPUR: Celebrations erupted on the streets of the Industrial city, which happens to be the anti-corruption cartoonist Aseem's home-town, soon after his release from Arthur road jail in Mumbai on Wednesday.News of his release was invitation enough for people from all walks of life, who gathered in the Ghantaghar area close to his ancestral Bhoosatoli house in Harbanshmohal locality, to celebrate the occasion. A signature campaign was also organized in order to garner support to drop sedition charges against him. Aseem's supporters distributed nearly 41 kgs of sweets and danced to the beats of drum.On Monday, Aseem's parents, along with hundreds of supporters, had taken part in a novel protest that highlighted the unfair treatment given to their son by shackling themselves in iron chains. On Tuesday, they were a part of a candle march organized by various social groups and outfits. Social activists lined both sides of the road near the statue of 'Bharat Mata' in Ghantaghar area and welcomed Aseem's father, Ashok Trivedi besides family members and other relatives.Activists raised slogans like 'Aseem tum sangharsh Karo hum umhare sath hain', 'Inquilab Zindabad' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai'. Ashok Trivedi, said, \"it was due to huge public support, that my son is released. And, I would continue with my protest till the charges of sedition are dropped against him.\"He further said, \"truth always prevails. We are happy now as Aseem is out of jail. I am proud of my son and I hope that my son's act will ignite a fire among the countrymen to stand up against the corrupt practices.\"Aseem's Shuklaganj residence also witnessed celebrations as soon as the news spread that he was out of jail. People lined up outside his house in large numbers with sweets, garlands and bouquets. Cartoonist, Aseem Trivedi was arrested on Saturday last by Mumbai police. He was charged with sedition for insulting national emblems and the Constitution during the anti-corruption movement led by Anna Hazare. The Mumbai High Court granted bail to jailed cartoonist Aseem Trivedi on Tuesday. However, he refused to be freed till the sedition charges against him were dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375385", "title": "Auto stir called off, experts call muscle-flexing a \u2018political stunt\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters can now heave a sigh of relief. There will neither be any agitation by auto drivers in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) today, nor will drivers charge excess fares from Friday. Nearly three lakh autos had planned to go off the road in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Kalyan, Mira Road, Vasai-Virar, Panvel and Khopoli on Thursday to demand fare hikes as recommended by the Hakim committee.The drivers had also threatened to charge Rs 3 more from Friday, but this plan too has now been shelved. However, a senior official from the transport commissioner's office said it was just a matter of time before auto fares are hiked again.The state, which made a last-ditch attempt on Wednesday by calling union leader Sharad Rao and other leaders from Thane, Mira Road and Kalyan for discussions with transport commissioner V N More in Bandra, finally succeeded in pursuading the unions to call off the stir. After the meeting, Rao claimed he had withdrawn his agitation as the transport commissioner had agreed to \"expedite the process of putting the Hakim committee report on fare hikes before the government\". He also said he was expecting a Rs-3 fare hike this month. \"We will wait for some time. If the government fails to accept the recommendations, it will lose credibility,\" he said.He said deputy CM Ajit Pawar had asked him to discuss the issue with More on Wednesday. \"Ajitdada has also requested us not to go on an agitation as this could create a law and order problem in the region. Keeping in mind the incident at Azad Maidan and to ensure that the Ganesh festival passes off peacefully, we have decided to stay calm at the moment. But we want the government to be proactive,\" he said. He also demanded that the government issue 2 lakh new permits for autos in Mumbai.Sources in the transport department alleged that this was a \"political stunt\" by Rao, who is from the NCP. The final fare hike will be decided by CM Prithviraj Chavan, who holds the transport portfolio and is from the Congress. Rao called this charge baseless.Trade sources said Rao was \"afraid of the public anger and lack of support from other unions\", which is why he called off the stir. Consumer activists claimed Rao was wary of being arrested under Section 420 of the IPC for fake tariff cards or under the stringent Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act, which is why he quickly called off the agitation.On Wednesday, the Andheri RTO caught ten more auto drivers for plying without fitness certificates and two others for not having proper reflectors, indicators and brake lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16378525", "title": "Arif Zakaria opts out; Chetan Pandit enters Savdhaan India", "text": "Recently it was widely reported in media that talented actor Arif Zakaria will soon do an episodic for Life OK's Savdhaan India-India Fights Back. However, according to the latest information that we have gathered is that Arif has opted out of the show and Chetan Pandit of Agneepath fame will step in his shoes.Sources informs that Arif has opted out of the show citing date issues and now the same character will be played by Chetan Pandit who is currently seen in Punar Vivah. Chetan will play the role of a hypnotist. The episode is produced by Contiloe Telefilms.Savdhaan India which deals with real life crime based stories has managed to grab larger eye balls, thanks to the concept of a common man fighting against flawed system and some extra ordinary performances. With popular actors been roped, the show's numbers seems to only increase.When contacted, Chetan Pandit remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16377399", "title": "Konkona-Ranveer headed for splitsville", "text": "'Rough patch' gets serious with the couple reportedly preparing to end their marriageIn May this year, we broke the story of Konkona Sen Sharma and Ranveer Shorey's two-yearold marriage hitting a rough patch. We had hoped, like most couples they would find it in their hearts to settle their differences. Especially with a baby in their midst. Unfortunately, it seems, the fissures may have run too deep. Sources close to the couple have revealed that the two are considering the legal route to terminate their marriage over \"irreconcilable differences.\"It was in May that Konkona and Ranveer raised eyebrows when they arrived for a film screening separately, sat far apart in the auditorium throughout the show, and did not even exchange a word while leaving.At that time, despite our repeated attempts, Konkona maintained a dignified silence, while Ranveer snapped: \"We are not conjoined twins!\" It has been four months since the episode, and Konkona is still silent. Ranveer, meanwhile, is unavailable.Industry sources close to the talented couple say that the marriage is beyond repairs. \"Konkona has even told a few of her close friends that she wants to file for divorce. She has told them that she has tried her best to reconcile with Ranveer but things don't seem to be working out between them, and she is not to take it beyond a certain limit. Seems, the two are as different as chalk and cheese, and you get to know these things only after you start living under the same roof.\"The couple had bought a swank apartment in Malad a few days before their marriage. Buzz in the complex seems to suggest they may have demarcated their respective spaces and are leading separate lives.Konkona and Ranveer married in 2010 in a private ceremony after dating for many years. It may be recalled that they had postponed their wedding on at least more than one occasion.\"Ranveer is not an easy guy to live with. And Konkona tried her best to make the relationship work,\" says a friend, adding, \"In fact, she has still not given up hope completely. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16377277", "title": "From October 1, citizens must segregate waste", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike's elaborate action plan to address the garbage problem is scheduled to get under way on Thursday.As a first step, BBMP will issue a notification asking citizens to mandatorily segregate garbage at source from October 1. This means you must separate dry and wet waste, and hand it over, separately, to pourakarmikas who turn up at your doorstep for collection.Wet waste will be collected daily, and dry waste on a weekly basis. Wet waste will be sent to landfills and processed to generate electricity. Dry waste will be sent to ward-level collection centres where recyclables will be salvaged and the rest disposed of.Now on, said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel, a penalty will also kick in. Pourakarmikas will not pick up mixed waste from doorsteps. Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said such a move will pressure citizens to begin segregation at home.Under the Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act, 1976, there is provision to levy only Rs 10 as penalty; but the Municipal Solid Waste Rules, 2001, allow slapping of hefty fines. The high court recently directed the BBMP to levy a penalty of Rs 100 if people fail to segregate waste at source.The BBMP's notification will be the first of a nine-step action plan to be rolled out on the Sakala model \u2014 with a deadline set for every programme on solid waste management. Failure to meet the deadline could result in officials coughing up fines to compensate the aggrieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16378193", "title": "Fasting Keonjhar trucker dies", "text": "Keonjhar: Tension mounted in this district headquarters town on Wednesday after the death of a truck owner, who, along with scores of other truck drivers, was on a hunger strike here for the last eight days.The trucker, Prem Ranjan Behera (55), fell ill at the venue of the strike and was taken to a government hospital at Ghasipura. He died when arrangements were being made to shift him to the SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack. Sub-divisional medical officer (SDMO) Bikram Moharana said Behera, a diabetic, was already gasping when he was brought to the hospital and died within a few minutes.Thousands of truck owners and their supporters assembled at the strike venue as the news of Behera's death spread. They blocked the NH-215 and 6 by setting ablaze tyres. Some truckers forced their way into the collectorate premises and damaged the vehicles of the collector and the additional district magistrate and a police van. The mob also ransacked the zilla parishad office, rural development agency office and the office of the panchayat department. Sources said there was a mild clash between the agitators and CRPF men, who resorted to lathicharge as the crowd became violent.Ashish Chakraberty, a truck owner, said, \"The collector is responsible for the incident. We will continue our strike till our demands are met. We will sacrifice our lives if need be. We want resumption of mineral transport on trucks\".Collector Balwant Singh said, \"The demands of the truck owners are genuine and we are holding discussions with them. We are also awaiting instructions from the government. We will try to settle their demands. They should co-operate with the administration.\" \"The deceased truck owner was suffering from some chronic disease, as per information from the health department,\" the collector added.SP (Keonjhar) Anirudha Singh said, \" We are trying to pacify the agitators by holding discussions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377015", "title": "Haldia impasse ends after HC intervenes", "text": "KOLKATA: The impasse over operations at berths 2 and 8 of the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) by Haldia Bulk Terminal Pvt Ltd (HBT), a special purpose vehicle of the ABG-LDA, was finally resolved on Wednesday after arbitration proceedings in the supervision of Calcutta high court. HBT had threatened to suspend operations at HDC as it wasn't getting sufficient cargo to handle. The bulk cargo operator had been demanding at least 9 million tonnes of cargo per annum at the two berths to meet its costs. In the last couple of years, it had been handling about 5 million tonnes annually.After the company threatened to pull out, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) moved the high court, seeking arbitration. Port authorities indicated that there was nothing in the agreement between KoPT and HBT that assured the latter of a minimum volume of cargo. There is an arbitration clause though.\"For the sake of trade and industryand the general economic development of the state, we convened a meeting of the board of trustees, where it was decided to make efforts for maximum utilization of HBT's equipment and try and send in more vessels to berths 2 and 8. We have informed this to HBT and it decided to continue operations. We are happy that the matter has been resolved,\" said Manish Jain, officiating chairman, KoPT. Gurpreet Malhi, CEO, HBT, also expressed his satisfaction at the development.According to him, berths 2 and 8 will now get priority and HBT's equipment will also be sent to other berths for handling bulk cargo. HBT has also written to the state government to sort out some issues that are not within the port's jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374362", "title": "First heritage food training centre in India launched in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: 'Thengai pal kozhukkatai' is a delicacy which many may not have heard of or tasted. It may not even appeal to some who live on a diet of fried foods. However, according to Seetharaman Prasad, general secretary of the South Indian Culinary Association, there is a growing trend towards traditional delicacies. He was speaking at the inauguration of the first heritage food training and learning centre in India, as he demonstrated the preparation of a few traditional snacks. The event was conducted at the AJK college of arts and science on Wednesday.Traditional dishes are healthy and gaining popularity across the world. Many of them are prepared by steaming. This does not mean that they are not delicious, he reassured.\"Several varieties of idlis and doshas can be prepared with a little bit of creativity,\" he said. In India, there is a different cuisine every 100 kilometres. The differences are based on religion, culture and availability of raw materials.However, for the last few decades they have vanished from our kitchens. \"Most of these have been replaced by fatty foods. Steamed and grilled foods are considered to be an answer to many diseases caused by a bad diet. Very few traditional dishes are deep fried,\" said Seetharaman. He called upon hoteliers to add traditional cuisine to their menus.The way the dish is prepared is very important. \"For instance, coconut is unhealthy when fried,\" he noted. When Indian restaurants and our heritage dishes are becoming popular across the globe, it indicates a substantial market in India too, he said.Ajeet Kumar Lal Mohan, the secretary of the college said that this was the first initiative of its kind in the country. \"People speak about heritage monuments and heritage crafts. But heritage dishes are yet to be promoted,\" he said. He called on the public to learn heritage dishes from the elders in the family before it is too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376916", "title": "Reis Magos man duped us: Bank", "text": "PANAJI: An official from the Syndicate Bank has complained to the Panaji police that an individual from Reis Magos allegedly obtained a housing loan from the bank by providing false documents.According to the police, Savita Kamat, regional head of Syndicate Bank, Panaji, stated in her complaint that on Novemebr 23, 2009, the accused, Rajendra Godkar, a resident of Ambekhanem, Reis Magos, obtained a housing loan from the Syndicate Bank's Caranzalem branch by submitting 'false and frivolous documents'.The accused submitted an agreement for construction-cum-sale, dated November 11, 2009, with the second accused Shaikh Shakir, proprietor of Sun Builder and Developer. It was registered before the sub-registrar of Panaji on November 12, 2009, along with a false plan of a flat. The accused allegedly cheated the bank by illegally obtaining the loan from bank to the tune of 18 lakh. A case under Section 420, read with 34 of the IPC has been registered. PSI Anant Gaonkar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375215", "title": "National Investigation Agency likely to take over terror conspiracy case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) is expected to take over the probe into the aborted Bangalore conspiracy case from the Karnataka police by next week.According to sources, NIA officials have completed interrogation of Obaidur Rahman, the youth who was picked up from Ghulshan-e-Iqbal colony in Hafizbaba Nagar in Hyderabad, by the Central Crime Branch of the Bangalore police the same day they arrested about 11 persons in Karnataka. \"His statements are intriguing. He has told that he was in contact with some known offenders who have taken refuge in Saudi Arabia. But we need to know the instructions he received and what his handlers wanted him to do,\" the sources said.The NIA had swung into action as soon as it came to know of the foiled conspiracy since it involved a DRDO junior scientist and a journalist, among others. Sensing wider ramifications of the conspiracy, the Union home ministry decided to hand over the investigation to the NIA, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16379199", "title": "Red Cross told to hold more blood donation camps", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In the wake of four fresh cases of dengue in two hospitals here in the past 24 hours and spurt of vector-borne diseases, the district health department has asked the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) to organize blood camps relatively more than it conventionally does to increase the stock in blood banks.The health department's directive has come in the backdrop of rising demand for blood with more than 1,500 vector-borne disease cases being reported in different hospitals in the past four weeks.\"As precautionary measure, we asked the IRCS to organize relatively more camps to shore up the blood units stock in the district,\" said district health surveillance officer Dr Swaran Singh.Vijay Singh, a senior functionary of the IRCS, said they would organize over 15 blood camps every month henceforth to meet the rising demand of blood.In the wake of five-fold increase in the demand for blood, the IRCS jointly with the Jamshedpur blood bank has planned to organize blood camps in the urban and rural periphery. The district health administration, which is grappling with rise in cerebral malaria, diarrhoea and dengue cases, witnessed four fresh cases of dengue in two different hospitals in the past 24 hours.As part of the pre-emptive measure, the health department has asked the Tatanagar railway station and Sonari airport authorities to conduct special camps to identify passengers coming from Kolkata with symptoms of the fatal disease, quarantine them at the camp and inform the authorities quickly.\"Blood samples that will be collected at the special camps (at railway station and airport) will be sent to the MGM Medical College and Hospital for Mac-Elisa test (most widely used test for dengue fever virus),\" said Dr Swaran Singh. No confirmed case of dengue has been reported from the railway station and airport so far, said Dr Singh. He, however, appealed to the citizens to keep their houses and surroundings clean to prevent the spread of malaria and other fatal vector diseases.The special camps at the railway station and airport are part of the preventive measures to stop the fatal dengue scourge from Kolkata where the disease has claimed several lives this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16378222", "title": "Google celebrates Clara Schumann's 193rd birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, the search engine giant, celebrates Clara Schumann's 193rd birthday on Thursday. Clara Schumann (September 13, 1819 - May 20, 1896) is a noted German musician and a composer of the Romantic era. She was a distinguished pianist who changed the repertoire of the piano narration.Born in Leipzig, Clara had deep interest in playing piano since her early childhood. Amazingly, at the age of eleven, Clara exhibited her first solo concert at the Leipzig Gewandhaus, leaving the audience spellbound.Clara Schumann's skill to play notes of noted musicians and music composers with passion even amused music critics and poets who praised her. Her talent drew acclamation across the Europe as a child prodigy.As she grew up, her passion towards music strengthened and eventually she started planning her own programs and started playing the difficult works by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven and more.Clara Schumann's maiden name was Clara Josephine Wieck . She was married to Robert Alexander Schumann (a German music composer) who took music lessons from Clara's father, Friedrich Wieck by staying at their house.She even performed along with highly prestigious musicians of her day. Violinist Joseph Joachim was one of her performance partners.However, her life was filled with troubles and she was compelled to earn money because of Robert's mental condition. Robert eventually died on July 29, 1856.In her later life, Clara Schuman became deaf and immobilised and had to rely on a wheelchair.Her health deteriorated and on May 20, 1896, Clara died after suffering from stroke for a few months.Google remembers Clara Schumann on her 193rd birthday with an attractive doodle that features the pianist playing a piano with her eight children clinging to her.The doodle displays the colours in sync with the logo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376624", "title": "Explosion in firecracker unit kills 2", "text": "LUCKNOW: A massive explosion caused by a spark that flew on material for fire-cracker manufacture resulted in death of two women and injuries to four others in Mohanlalganj police station area on Wednesday morning. The women were identified as Saira Bano , wife of Chand Babu alias Tiger and Shabana, wife of his brother Naan.According to reports, Chand Babu lives in a joint family with his brothers Naan, Jameel Ahmed and Shamsul Haque in their house at Kankaha locality in Mohanlalganj. The fire cracker manufacture licence is in Jameel's name. In violation of rules, all explosives and fire cracker material were kept in the house.On Wednesday, at around 4am, Saira woke up and went into the kitchen. A spark flew and hit the sack containing explosive material, but Saira did not notice.The explosive material caught fire resulting in a powerful explosion and turned the house into rubble leaving Saira and Shabana dead and four others seriously injured.Saira succumbed to her injuries immediately, while Shabana died as she was being taken to the hospital. Those who received injuries were identified as Shabana's husband Naan, their son Bheem and daughter Noor Basi and one other.According to eye witnesses, such was the impact of the explosion that Naan, who was sleeping on the terrace along with his family members, were almost flown to a distance.Police sources also said that Jameel had the licence, but keeping explosive materials in the house was illegal. Police added that Jameel should have ideally been manufacturing fire crackers outside the village area. Head constable Sanjay Pandey from Kankaha outpost lodged an FIR against Jameel booking him for negligence in a case under the Explosive Materials Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376619", "title": "Test for controlled demolition", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Wednesday conducted a test as a precursor to its planned \"controlled demolition\" for illegal constructions in the Amanishah Nullah area.The technique will be used for first time in the city for demolishing a G+8 apartment constructed by Mansarovar Hertiage Inn in the nullah area near Shyam Nagar.Taking to TOI, S B Sarvatai, a member of the explosives expert team from Indore and appointed by the JDA for the controlled blasts, said, \"The test explosion is 90% successful. Possibly, the building will be pulled down on Thursday.\"The test explosion was conducted on four pillars constructed on the ground floor of the building, where blast experts made four holes in each pillar and fitted electronic detonators. \"Seeing the results after test explosion, we are planning to increase the number of holes. Around five holes will be drilled in one pillar.\" The JDA enforcement team and experts started the operation to raze the illegal construction around 10 am on Wednesday.According to JDA officials, the developer of the 23,176 square feet area has constructed 193 residential flats. \"Around 63 flats will be affected as the area is falling under the catchment area. There are nine blocks in the housing building out of which three blocks will be razed. The estimated cost of one flat is between Rs 1 and Rs 1.5 crore and constructed in an area of 2,100 square feet,\" an official said.Senior officials said the JDA has also canceled the building maps and provision for 90 B of the complete area. \"In such circumstances, the complete project will be considered as illegal,\" an official said.On March 3, 2006, the JDA had approved the site map of the building. However, the revised plan submitted by the developer was not approved. To seek relief, the developer ahd approached the JDA tribunal after which permission for construction was granted.Before, the test explosion, the team demolished the walls of two floors till Wednesday evening. The management staff and workers of building protested against the drive, however, local police and enforcement team disperse the crowd.JDA is carrying out an anti-encroachment drive at the catchment area of the nullah to widen it to 210 feet after directions from the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379059", "title": "Kiran releases Chokolate Soda", "text": "Her passion for dance and music got pop singer Kiran also known as 'K' in Bollywood films while she lived in Canada. The Canadian born songstress of Indian descent worked hard to develop her skills in dancing, and singing getting trained in both, and eventually getting booked in B-town films to dance during the film's dance sequences. Kiran had her eye on the entertainment industry, and she knew she had to be in the Entertainment capital of the world to do it. She moved to LA where she made a name for herself.K states, \"My name is written in Punjabi in graffitti on a wall in my video. Only people who can read punjabi will notice. There are elements of Indian classical dance movements infused with hip hop; the dancers that do contortions are known as flexers.\"As a dancer Kiran has danced alongside several celebrities including Justin Timberlake , and Snoop Dogg. Kiran's beauty, and charisma got her TV hosting positions where she interviewed celebs such as American rapper T.I. when he was at the height of his career, and many other celebrities. Although Kiran was flourishing in the mainstream she stayed true to her Punjabi roots, and got known to be the first Punjabi professional hip-hop dancer in the States. She also hosted for Asian networks including AVS, and Zee TV.Now Kiran is ready to embark on her music career. Kiran's video for her first single ChoKolate Soda is a visual experience.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375912", "title": "No Indian varsity in world's top 200 list", "text": "BANGALORE: Not a single Indian university or institute of higher learning, including the premier IITs, figure in the top 200 universities of the world, listed by the QS World Rankings 2012 on Tuesday.The only Indian institution anywhere close to the best is the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT-Delhi), at No. 212. It is followed by IIT-Mumbai (227) and IIT-Kanpur (278). Last year, IIT-Delhi stood at 218. , while IITs Mumbai and Madras stood at 225th and 281th positions respectively.In the Asia Pacific region, 11 universities from India made it to the top 300. Seven of these were IITs. The rest were the universities of Delhi (at No.78) and Calcutta (143), Mumbai University (in the brackets of 151-160) and University of Pune (191-200)The IITs stacked up thus are: IIT-Mumbai (34), IIT-Delhi (36), IIT-Madras (45), IIT-Kanpur (47), IIT-Kharagpur (56), IIT-Roorkee (65) and IIT-Guwahati (89).\"Asia's other rising economic superpower India remains the only BRICS nation without a university in the top 200... The comparison with other BRICS nations remains unflattering... We see India once again underperforming, with only 11 universities in the ranking, the vast majority of which are various Indian Institutes of Technology,\" researchers have said.The 21-year-old Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) is the number one university in the Asia Pacific region for the second year running. National University of Singapore (NUS) was in the numero uno position last year.Chinese investment in universities has continued to pay dividends, with nine of the top 10 Chinese institutions moving up. , including Peking University, which overtook University of Tokyo for the first time - mirroring China racing ahead of Japan in terms of GDP.MIT KNOCKS OUT CAMBRIDGEThe 803-year-old Cambridge University has been knocked off the numero uno pedestal by Massachussets Institute of Technology (MIT). Harvard which was No.1 till 2009 has been relegated to the third position this time.\"The Cambridge, Massachusetts-based research powerhouse is propelled to the top spot by its superior citation rates and student/faculty ratio. The rise of MIT coincides with a global shift in emphasis toward science and technology. MIT perfects a blueprint that is now being followed by a new wave of cutting-edge tech-focused institutions, especially in Asia,\" says QS head of research Ben Sowter.In total, the US is home to a formidable 130 of the world's top 700 universities, having six of the top 10 and 13 of the top 20.The UK replicates its recent sporting triumphs by taking an unprecedented four of the top six places. The University College of London is the fourth best university in the world, while Oxford stood at fifth position. While Imperial College, London grabbed the sixth position, Yale University was voted the seventh best in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374713", "title": "Expressway contractor may be replaced", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government might replace the contractor of Delhi-Gurgaon expressway considering its failure to improve the traffic situation at the 32-lane and the Kherki Dhaula toll plazas. Sources said lenders to the project were also pushing for a substitution, which is also allowed as per the contract, and a decision could be taken soon.The issues were discussed in the recent meetings convened by NHAI with representatives of Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) and bankers. Sources said top highway authority officials had told DGSCL that they had little faith that the company would ensure smooth traffic flow at the toll plazas. If the substitution happens, it will be the first ever in the highway sector.\"This has been common in other sectors as there is a provision for substitution in the concession agreement. This will be in the interest of lenders since any further suspension of tolling will impact their investment recovery,\" said an official. A consortium of lenders led by IDFC and two major public sector banks has refinanced (about Rs 500 crore each) the project and their investment is stuck. NHAI has alleged that the contractor fraudulently refinanced the project at Rs 1,597 crore without taking clearance from the authorities.Sources said the modalities of substituting the contractor would be worked out and the new contractor would be responsible for operation and maintenance while financial issues with DGSCL would be sorted out. \"There is a need to give more incentives to people to shift to smart tags and expand the toll plazas. Had these been done, things would have not been so bad,\" a highways ministry official said.Meanwhile, on Wednesday, DGSCL and NHAI representatives agreed to introduce fresh measures to ease traffic flow at the 32-lane plaza. This includes the provision of throwing open the toll gates for 3-4 minutes should a gridlock develop at a certain point ahead of the toll plaza. \"The point would be identified mutually involving traffic police officers. The other issues almost resolved include setting up staggered toll gates,\" a source said.NHAI and DGSCL are likely to submit the status of their negotiation on all issues including financial aspects before the Delhi high court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16377317", "title": "Prank goes awry, girl leaps off college building", "text": "BANGALORE: A prank by her classmates went awry as a 15-year-old girl jumped off the second floor of her school building in Domlur on Wednesday afternoon. The Class X girl survived the fall with fractured legs.Revathi Narayan, a student of Domlur Government PU College, leapt off the building after her classmates allegedly threatened to commit suicide and blame her for the extreme step. The girls were upset that Revathi had complained against them to the class teacher for blowing chalk dust on her face. After the teacher pulled them up, the four girls took Revathi to task. They threatened to commit suicide and name Revathi in their suicide note for abetment. That's when Revathi took the extreme step.Schoolteachers shifted Revathi to Chinmaya Mission Hospital in Indiranagar around 3.30pm. Doctors said her fractured legs would have to be operated upon and fixed using steel rods.\"Luckily, the girl did not sustain head injuries,\" doctors told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16379169", "title": "Admission process for 2nd year engineering course kicked off", "text": "The procedures for the online seat allotment for second year engineering courses and for first year architecture course for the year 2012-13 have started. Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) has kicked off the mock trial of option entry training session for practice.Rank holder has to select the link \"Hands on training practice for option entry (mock operation)\" from September 12 to 14. A seat matrix of Diploma CH-2011 has been made available to for practice purpose. This practice option entry is to make the rank holders gain confidence and get hands on training for the real option entry which will start as per the notified schedule.Unique key required to log on to option entry portal will be accepted by the system only after entire document verification process is completed for all the candidates. Till such time CET application number has to be used for practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374337", "title": "Search team to announce panel for Bharathiar vice-chancellor post", "text": "COIMBATORE: The panel of persons to be considered for the post of vice-chancellor (VC) of the Bharathiar University is likely to be finalised on Thursday. The search committee constituted by the state government to recommend three names to the governor may meet for the final session on Thursday, said P Kaniappan, the convenor of the search committee, told TOI over the phone on Wednesday.\"On Thursday, we may have the final meeting,\" he said. He refused to give further details about the deliberations. However, sources said the committee had earmarked 30 names in the previous weeks. The procedure is that the selection committee shortlists three people whose names are then sent to the governor, who is the chancellor of the university. The governor would select one of them. It is learnt that the outgoing VC, C Swaminathan, is also a contender.The search committee has P Kaniappan, vice-chancellor, B S Abdur Rahman University, as convenor, P Sonai, a retired IAS officer, and S Saravanakumar, an associate professor with Kamban College of Arts and Science.Earlier, Kaniappan had said that the new VC would be selected based on four criteria: the candidate's contribution to teaching, research, extension and consultancy, and capability to be an able education administrator. The search committee started receiving applications from interested candidates after the gazette notification on July 26.The search committee's deliberations are being watched closely in academic circles. C Pichandy, general secretary, Association of University Teachers (AUT), said the search committee should come up with candidates with the right qualifications. \"Many persons with a dubious track record have occupied the post of VC. We hope the persons suggested by the panel have the right credentials,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375568", "title": "Chargesheet against Jundal in October", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch will file a chargesheet against 26/11 accused Ziabbuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal in the first week of October. Jundal was deported and arrested by Delhi special police on June 21. He was handed over to the Mumbai crime branch in August. Cops have to file a chargesheet within 90 days of arrest.Sources said the supplementary chargesheet may be filed against Jundal after his voice sample reports are received. Jundal will be charged under various IPC sections including of murder, criminal conspiracy and waging war against country.\"Cops may seek a special court to expedite the case. Public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam is likely to represent the prosecution,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16379835", "title": "Expert explains death due to dengue", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Dengue death toll on the rise, there is widespread panic in the city and its suburbs. The moment fever with body ache and rashes are being reported, patients and their families are seeing red. TOI spoke to experts at the Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine and found out that death in Dengue, if not rare, happens only to very few and there are several coincidences involved in this. The state health department is in constant touch with the STM experts over dengue fire fighting.There are four strains of the Dengue virus that have been identified and all four are present in the city and its suburbs. Earlier only Dengue one and two were common here however this time quite a few patients are getting admitted with dengue three and four virus also, STM scientists said. They have been monitoring reports of patients admitted in hospitals all over the city and have also been conducting tests on samples that are being sent to them.\"No dengue patient, who has been infected for the first time can die. Any patient who dies has contracted the disease for the second time. There's more. Death happens if this second time dengue two virus has infected the patient. The other strains are much less dangerous,\" explained Prateek Kundu, medical superintendent of STM.The first time that anyone suffers due to dengue, he develops immunity towards that strain of the virus. This helps the patient against contracting that particular strain fior a long time. However, the immunity wanes over time. \"However, this immunity does not work in favour of the patient if he has contracted the type two virus of dengue in his second dengue attack. In such an eventuality, even if he had suffered from dengue two virus in his first attack, the antibodies in his body from that attack will get attached to the fresh virus and develop an auto immune complex. This is when trouble happens,\" Kundu explained.Once this complex develops, platelets start breaking up causing haemorrage and both internal and external bleeding starts. \"The dangerous bit is that blood serum starts entering different organs and the volume of blood inside the body falls causing hypo voluminic shock. All this combined causes death,\" Kundu added.Death does not happen when a patient contracts the dengue one virus for the second time. \"he would get the fever but because of the immunity that he has developed from his earlier attack, he would easily recover. However, in case of dengue three and four in a second attack, rare chances of complications are possible,\" Kundu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16376130", "title": "Team Obama says Dinesh D'souza film based on 'lies'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian American filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza , whose documentary on the US president has climbed up the box office chart, has come in for severe criticism by the the Obama campaign which accused him of launching a smear campaign against Barack Obama.The Obama campaign also alleged that the movie is a deliberate distortion of Obama's record and world view.\"The facts show that '2016: Obama's America' is nothing more than an insidious attempt to dishonestly smear the president by giving intellectual cover to the worst in subterranean conspiracy theories and false, partisan attacks,\" the Obama campaign said in a recent blog.It alleges that D'Souza's writings and film are \"based on lies (and) should not come as a surprise\" given his \"long history of attempting to add a veneer of intellectual respectability to fringe theories, conspiratorial fear-mongering, and flat-out falsehoods\".The documentary, which equates reelection of US President Barack Obama with the death and dismemberment of the United States of America, this week, according to Box Office Mojo, has been running at number three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376774", "title": "Five of family jump before train near Jagadhari", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five members of a family, including three children, committed suicide by jumping before a train near the railway workshop at Jagadhari on Wednesday evening.The incident took place at 7.30pm, when Saharanpur-bound 64512 Nangal-Ambala-Saharanpur passenger train left the Jagadhari station after a brief halt.According to train driver Naresh Parsad and guard Sohan, five people - Paramjit Singh, his wife Narinder and their sons Pritpal (14), Harjinder (8) and daughter Tripat Pal (9) of Chandpur colony - jumped before the train when it reached near the workshop.The reason for suicide could not be ascertained immediately but police said Paramjit was a driver and under huge debt.The incident disrupted train movement on the Ambala-Saharanpur section for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16377183", "title": "Prasanta to be booked under Arms Act", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The Garbeta police station in West Midnapore will slap charges under the Arms Act against former minister Sushanta Ghosh's brother Prasanta Ghosh, an accused in the Benachapra skeleton case. who is former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh's brother. Sushanta, the prime accused in the case, is currently on bail.Garbeta police station OCSailen Biswas, said the Arms Act charge will be brought because a cartridge was found in Prasanta's Benachapra house during a raid on December 3 last year. The OC said the Arms Act apart,Prasanta will also be charged with absconding from June 6 last year. - the day the case was filed at Anandapur police station.Odisha Police arrested Prasanta from a Puri hotel on September 7 and informed the state CID which took him into custody.Prasanta was produced in Midnapore CJM's court on Wednesday, a day before his police remand was to end. He was and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days. He was arrested on September 7 from a Puri hotel. During his police remand, the CID took him to Bhabani Bhavan in Kolkata for interrogation.On Tuesday, he complained of pain in his legs and was admitted to SSKM Hospital. He was discharged on Wednesday morning.which discharged him on Wednesday morning. He was then brought to Midnapore and produced in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16375153", "title": "Four arrested for attack on sub-jailer", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Navi Mumbai crime branch has arrested four persons involved in the recent firing on Taloja sub-jailer Bhaskar Kachare. Those arrested includes the main shooter, Prajyot Patil, who has a previous criminal record and was acquainted with the jailer.On September 6, Kachare allegedly had an altercation with extortionist and gangster Vicky Deshmukh, an inmate at Taloja Central Jail. Deshmukh reportedly decided to teach the jailer a lesson by asking his aides outside to shoot Kachare. Deshmukh had managed to contact Patil while he was being taken to Panvel Court for his hearing. Kachare was shot on September 9, while he was travelling in a car with a friend.The other three men arrested have been identified as Sangram Khopade, Rupesh Shinde and Rajesh Kaikadi. When the four accused were presented before mediapersons, Patil started shouting that he did not have any other crimes to his credit, as alleged by the police.However, crime branch investigators confirmed that Patil has a criminal past and is a known acquaintance of Vicky Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377221", "title": "Radiotherapy facility on shaky ground", "text": "NASHIK: Even as all of the departments of Regional Referral Hospital, Nashik have now begun delivering services with near 95% occupancy, radiotherapy is an area which still remains in limbo with key positions of radiotherapist, medical physicist and radiotherapy technologist being occupied by recruits on a temporary basis only.Radiotherapy machines worth Rs 6 crore were installed in the hospital in the 2009. Till June 2010, the department treated 72 patients with nearly one-and-a-half month sitting cycles per patient. But since the medical physicist - then recruited on contractual basis - had left the job, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) which monitors radiotherapy doses and treatments in the country, objected to the functioning of the department. \"The radiotherapy department itself was comatose till April 2012. The department was revived but only with temporary recruitments,\" a hospital official said.\"Machines - best of their kinds in North Maharashtra -were left running idle at that time,only kept functional during that time by switching them on for a specific time, even as the government spent crores on annual maintenance for two years without a single patient being treated. The contract was renewed on December 2011, after which the radiotherapist and the medical physicist were appointed,\" sources said. Sources also pointed out that chances of the three personnel running the department with a waiting list of more than 23 patients, when they too were appointed on contract and that they were likely to cling on to any better opportunity in the private sector.\"The radiotherapy treatment that would cost anything between Rs 50,000 and Rs 70,000 in the private sector is available at the cost of Rs 2,500 to Rs 7,500 only. Quite naturally the private practitioners would lure the staff here to ensure that their systems run smoothly,\" the source from the hospital said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16374764", "title": "More than 300 killed in Pak factory fires", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In one of the worst industrial accidents in Pakistan , at least 289 people were killed in a Karachi garment factory fire and 25 charred to death in a Lahore shoe-making unit, taking the combined death toll to well over 300. Most of those killed in Karachi were 18 to 25 years old, and included women.Rescuers were trying to retrieve bodies from the charred building in Karachi, where 1,500 people were employed, late until Wednesday night.Officials said the death toll was high because most workers were trapped inside the building which had just one exit. All other doors were locked while the windows were grilled. Such construction designs are common in Pakistan's factories as it helps the managers keep a check on workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374587", "title": "75% SC, 68% Muslim women anaemic", "text": "PATNA: Be it ignorance or for some other reasons, but the fact is that very few Muslim and dalit women of the state avail healthcare facilities.Only two Muslim and three dalit women out of ten are allowed by their families to visit health centres while 68% of Muslim and 75% of scheduled caste (SC) women in the state are anaemic, according to national family health survey (NFHS-3) conducted by Union health ministry.According to the survey, only 17% of the pregnant women go to health centres for antenatal care (ANC) three times required medically. Only 8% of scheduled caste and 12% of Muslim women had three or above ANC visits.It also came to light that teenage pregnancy among SCs is almost five times higher compared to other castes and use of contraceptives is half among Muslims compared to other communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16377818", "title": "Exhausted Bipasha taken to Lilavati Hospital", "text": "The actress succumbed to the extensive travel routine for Raaz 3 promotions and was wheeled into the hospital yesterdayShe's had a hit after quite some time in Raaz 3. However, Bipasha Basu is in no condition to enjoy her moment under the sun.TOI has learnt the actress was wheeled into Lilavati Hospital in Bandra yesterday afternoon. According to an eyewitness, she looked terribly weak and was immediately taken to the 11th floor of the hospital and put on saline. Bipasha is suffering from exhaustion due to the extensive travelling she had to undertake to promote her latest film.A senior doctor from Lilavati told, \"Bipasha has high fever. We are trying to establish the cause and tests are being carried out for the same. However, her vital parameters like blood pressure and pulse rate are normal now.\"A friend of the actress said, \"Bips was feeling very uneasy since Tuesday morning. By Tuesday afternoon, she had fever and medicines didn't help bring it down. By morning the next day, she had no choice but to get admitted.\"Blaming Bipasha's condition on the relentless pre and post promotions of Raaz 3, the friend said, \"We travelled to Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Delhi and Dubai over a span of nine days. The travel took a heavy toll on her health. Her blood pressure had also dipped on Wednesday morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16366932", "title": "Mary Kom wants her kids to be shooters", "text": "The city gave Olympic medallists - boxer MC Mary Kom and shooter Gagan Narang - a rousing welcome on Tuesday. They were in the city to encourage young shooting aspirants.Mary, who was on her first visit to the city post her win, confessed: \"Although I am a boxer, I want my kids to learn shooting and not boxing. Like any regular mom, I get worried about my kids getting hurt and hence would encourage them to take up shooting instead.\"Gagan was obviously all smiles on hearing this and he even handed the ace pugilist an air pistol for her kids to practice with. Mary too tried her hand at shooting and surprisingly hit the target in the first shot! \"I really support the sport and what Gagan is doing in a big way,\" she shared.Mary has been on a roll post the Olympics. From a movie being made on her life to her walking the ramp, she's been keeping busy. At the event, she even showed off her singing skills as she sang a few lines of Ajeeb dastan hai yeh... \"If I weren't a boxer, I could have become anything else. I also cook very well!\" she smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "16376890", "title": "Maad o' wat? Plucky device to help you up", "text": "OLD GOA: A shortage of pluckers need not worry Goa's coconut farmers. Now, even a novice can scale the tree with the help of a coconut climber, thanks to research by agro scientists.\"Non-professional climbers can also operate the device made of mild steel square pipes,\" Uday Badegaonkar, a senior scientist of the central institute of agricultural engineering (CIAE), Bhopal , said.A prototype of the coconut climber was displayed at the venue of the two-day workshop-cum-exhibition on agricultural mechanization for small and marginal farmers of Goa at the ICAR research complex, Old Goa, on Tuesday.The use of the device will be a boon for coconut farmers, says S S P Tendulkar, director of the state's agriculture department. \"One needs some practice to develop the climbing skill,\" he said.Agro scientists said a skilled climber may harvest, without the aid of a machine, even 40 trees per day. \"To overcome this problem, we developed this device in collaboration with the central plantation crops research institute (CPCRI), Kasargod,\" Badegaonkar said.The CIAE scientist said that the device holds the climber safely to the tree. \"There is practically no risk of falling down. An operator may take about 12 minues to harvest a tree,\" he said.A local coconut farmer said the device looks promising. \"But we don't know how it will work on coconut trees which are slightly bent ,\" he said.Goa is facing a shortage of coconut pluckers due to the drudgery and risk involved in the occupation, though rewards for climbing the trees are attractive. \"We pay a plucker 700 per day and some incentives, including coconuts for a morning and evening session,\" a coconut farmer from Salcete said.The cost is nominal at 1800 per piece. The agriculture department is planning to subsidize the device. \"We will provide 75% subsidy,\" Tendulkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16376750", "title": "Shah: File theft cases against mining companies", "text": "PANAJI: Shah Commission chairman justice M B Shah and former Karnataka Lokayukta justice Santosh Hedge said the Goa government should immediately initiate the process to recover the Rs 35,000 crore lost due to illegal mining in the state.Speaking to TOI from Gujarat, Shah said the government should file theft cases against the mining companies involved in ore extraction outside mining lease areas and recover the entire amount from them.The Shah commission identified 2,796.24 hectares of encroached land. Of this, about 578.42 hectares were used for illegal extraction or removal of iron ore resulting in a loss of Rs 35,000 crore.Shah said, \"I have mentioned in the report that extraction of ore outside mining lease areas is theft of the state's natural resources. Government should file theft cases against mining companies.\" He added that the law empowers the government to recover the amount of the loss.Justice Hegde, who investigated illegal mining in Karnataka, too said the Goa government should start procedures to recover the money which was looted in form of illegal mining in the state.Speaking to TOI from Bangalore, Hegde said, \"There are many ways to recover money, but government should have the will. Government can recover the amount through revenue procedure and court procedure.\"He added, \"I understand illegal mining is double in Goa as compared to mining in Karnataka. Even forest land diverted for mining in Goa is more. The magnitude of illegalities in Goa will have an adverse effect on the ecology of the state,\" Hedge said.He added that the law can control illegal mining in Goa as the state government allocates the mining leases. Hegde said the government should demarcate the area and officials should ensure that mining companies do not exceed the demarcation and carry out mining activities outside the lease area. \"Prevention is better than cure,\" Hegde added.He also blamed politicians and bureaucrats for illegal mining activities in the state. \"It's the type of government we have, different politicians in some way or the other are involved in illegal mining and it's run with the knowledge of bureaucrats,\" Hegde said.QUOTES for INFOGRAPHICExtraction of ore outside mining lease areas is theft of the state's natural resources. Government should file theft cases against mining companies. Justice MB Shah | chairman Shah commission investigating illegal mining in GoaPoliticians in some way or the other are involved in illegal mining and it's run with the knowledge of bureaucrats. Justice Santosh Hegde | former Karnataka Lokayukta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374737", "title": "Telugu Desam set to drop opposition to Telangana", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telugu Desam Party is considering a plan to rewrite its opposition to the creation of a separate state of Telangana, a move that would take out a big obstacle to a consensus on statehood and add urgency to the Congress's brainstorming on what to do with its Andhra Pradesh conundrum ahead of the 2014 polls.TDP sources said party chief N Chandrababu Naidu is planning to shortly write a letter to the Centre to indicate that it was not opposed to the creation of Telangana, asking the UPA to spell out its own stand on the vexed issue. In the letter, likely to be sent after September 24 when the ongoing session of the Andhra Pradesh assembly ends, Naidu is likely to recall his support for Telangana in 2008 when he had teamed up with Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS).TDP reversed its stand at the all-party meeting on Telangana in 2009: a maneuver prompted by the anti-Telangana sentiments in coastal and Rayalaseema regions which was cited by Congress to defend its own backpedalling on its December 9, 2009 statement in which it had endorsed the statehood demand.Indications of a possible revision of TDP's stand coincides with signs of a re-think within Congress on the statehood issue, and is likely to be the impetus for brainstorming within the party, which is deeply worried about the state which was crucial to its back-to-back wins in Lok Sabha polls.A TDP switch would leave Congress as the only significant player in the anti-statehood column, a projection it may not be comfortable with since its prospects are grim in the state's other two regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16373530", "title": "MSD giving us best chance to compete: Florian Marino", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mahendra Singh Dhoni has mentored plenty of young cricketers as captain of the Indian and the Chennai Super Kings teams. Now he is providing opportunity to young bike riders in the World SuperSport Championship with the launch of his own team -- MSD RN-Racing Team India -- this season.Out of the two riders, Frenchman Florian Marino has been most impressive so far, notching up points in two of the four races the team has competed in so far. Marino finished in 12th place last weekend in Nurburgring after starting 18th in the race.The teenager is delighted by the opportunity provided to him by Dhoni. \"It is great to see someone like MS Dhoni getting involved with a motorcycle racing team. I find it great that he is giving us the best chance to race in World Supersport championship in the best of conditions,\" Marino told TOI.The 19-year-old began racing at the age of just seven pushed into racing by his father. Marino went on to become the 50cc French champion in his first year of road racing at the age of just 12.Asked if he had got a chance to meet the Indian skipper Dhoni yet, he said, \"No, I haven't met him because we haven't travelled to India. To be honest, I wasn't following cricket much as I come from France but I have been informed about Dhoni's achievement as a cricketer and a captain. I have now started following the game and watched the T20 match on Tuesday night.\"With the World SuperBike Championship set to take place in India in March next year, Marino can't wait for the team's home race.\"I'm really excited about coming to India. It's going to be really important as it's the home race and I'll have to perform at my best for MSD R-N racing Team,\" the rider from Cannes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375765", "title": "Aseem to join Binayak campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Aseem Trivedi, the Kanpur-based self-publishing cartoonist facing sedition charges, was granted bail on a personal bond of Rs 5,000 by the Bombay high court on a lawyer's PIL on Tuesday. Not wanting to come across as non-cooperative, he finally signed the bond on Wednesday and stepped out of Arthur Road jail.A posse of policemen kept an eye and about 50-60 members of NGO India Against Corruption shouted, 'Aseem aage badho, desh tumhare saath hai', as the youth was garlanded by India against Corruption coordinator Mayank Gandhi. A mike soon materialized, and Trivedi gave an impromptu speech, vowing to continue his fight against the sedition law.\"This is the same section under which Pandit Nehru, Lokmanya Tilak and Gandhiji were booked. It should be scrapped now. It is against freedom of expression... Our battle will not end here,\" he said.Trivedi leaves for Delhi on Thursday and then most probably onwards to Washington, to collect the 'Courage in Editorial Cartooning' award, presented by the US-based Cartoonists Rights Network International, along with Syrian Atif Farjat, on September 15.Commenting on his future plans, Trivedi said he would intensify his protest through cartoons, by gheraoing ministers' homes and participating in rights activist Binayak Sen's campaign to repeal the sedition law.Trivedi deflected suggestions his cartoons may have hurt sentiments, saying, \"I'm not a criminal. My cartoons are not offensive. My work was like a mirror reflecting the truth. Politicians exchanged cash in the Parliament, watched porn in the Karnataka assembly. Isn't that shameful and insulting?\"Later in the afternoon, he was honoured at the Mumbai Press Club, where he joined hands with activist Sen, who also has sedition charges against him .Asked if he had seen Trivedi's work, Sen said: \"I am not here to comment on his cartoons. I am here to support Aseem as our common cause is against the law of sedition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376712", "title": "US to ease visa fee payment process", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to ease the fee payment process for US visas, the country's embassy announced a new visa processing system.Under the new system, visa applicants can transfer the fee through their mobile phones. It will come into effect from September 26.\"India is the only country where we have introduced this kind of system\", said Michael Cathey, deputy chief of consular services, American Consulate General, Chennai. He was speaking at the US country presentation on 'Doing Business with USA' at the Emerging Kerala meet on Wednesday.USA is eager to hold talks with industrialists in Kerala to invest in India. James Golsen, principal commercial officer for south India from US consulate, Chennai, said,\"The US is open for your business. Our commercial officers will help connect Kerala businessmen with the best of US business partners. We can meet again to discuss the trade and finance options here.\"Various American companies have evinced interest in Kerala and are participating in the investors' meet. Representatives of consumer goods company Amway , global metal trading firm Anbakam Metals, international media and market research firm Arbitron Inc. , IT firm Cognizant , beverage company Coca-Cola, English language instruction and university preparation network ELS, and cargo transporter FedEX attended the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377003", "title": "Elderly man lies bleeding on city street for an hour", "text": "KOLKATA: The city on Wednesday once again laid bare its callous face.Though there was no dearth of onlookers, locals of Dum Dum failed to come forward and rescue an elderly man who lay on the road for about an hour, blood oozing out of a wound in the head.It was only after a woman intervened that some local shop owners arranged for a doctor. Amazingly, all this happened at a stone's throw from the Ghughudanga police station, buts cops were nowhere to be seen.It was another manifestation of inhuman city on Wednesday morning. A senior citizen lay on the road in Dum Dum nearly an hour with severe head injury and blood oozing out of it. There were no dearth of onlookers, but no one came forward to rescue him, apparently, fearing police case. Only after a lady teacher, who was passing the spot, raised an alarm, some local shop-owners came to his rescue. Finally, a doctor was called to save a precious life. Significantly, all this happened at a stone throw distance from Ghughudanga police outpost.Sixty-five-year old Abdul Kafur was crossing the road when he suddenly had a blackout.\"He slumped to the ground which led to a deep injury in the head. Blood was constantly flowing out of the wound and he was literally lying in a pool of blood. Thus onlookers felt that he had died and did not come forward to his rescue, fearing a police case,\" said Uttam Haldar and Babu Haldar, two traders of Dum Dum Bazar who rescued Kafur. just fell down, receiving a grievous injury on the back of his head. He was in fact lying in pool of blood. The blood was flowing out of his head.Many of the onlookers thought he was dead after so much blood loss. There was quite a strong crowd encircling the Kafur. But they were scared to touch the injured, fearing police case,\" said Uttam Haldar and Bablu Haldar, two traders of Dum Dum Bazar.When schoolteacher Jayotee Mukherjee , a teacher,saw the injured man lying on the road, she at once came down from the bus. and came down from the bus she was travelling to her school.\"I was shocked to see people gathered around him, but no one bothered to arrange for medical help. Only after I screamed at them that some I literally screamed. Then the gentlemen standing around the injured person started thinning away. As I screamed, somelocal traders came to his rescue. I have not seen before that people are discussing, while man was dying on the road,\" said Mukherjee.Kafur was then taken to a local club called One took the injured man to a local club,Khamkheali Sangha, while others got busy to arrange for a doctor. After first aid, Kafur gained consciousness but started vomiting. The locals, according to the doctor's advice, therefore rushed him to the hospital.Sources said that Kafur worked as a truck cleaner. A resident of Muzaffarpur in Bihar , he stayed at a rented accommodation in Howrah's Shibpur.On Wednesday, he had come to Dum Dum Bazar to unload the sugar-laden truck. Locals had spotted him having breakfast at a shop, but it was on his way back to the market that he suffered a blackout.Kafur, however, said he did not remember what exactly happened to him. The injured man was later identified as a cleaner of a tuck, originally from Muzaffarpur in Bihar. Here he stayed at Shibpore in Howrah. He came to the bazar to unload the sugar laden truck. He wen to a shop for a breakfast. On his way back, the blackout happened. Kafur later managed to speak that he could not remember what exactly happened to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376240", "title": "Helmet a must for two-wheeler riders at police HQ", "text": "PUNE: Starting Thursday, two-wheeler riders will not be allowed on the police commissionerate premises if they are not wearing helmets.Use of helmets has already been made compulsory for police personnel. A large number of policemen come to the police commissionerate on two-wheelers. Those who do not wear helmets will not be allowed to enter the commissionerate premises, said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre.Meanwhile, a group of 15 students of the MIT school of management along with a faculty member will hold a helmet awareness campaign at Alka theatre junction, Karishma junction and at the University of Pune at 8.45 am on Thursday. Students will stand with banners carrying message about the importance of helmets.To encourage use of helmets, riders will be given a token of appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16379203", "title": "Varanasi: Report on illegal private buses sought", "text": "VARANASI: The district administration on Wednesday ordered the regional transport office to produce a report on 120 buses that have been termed illegal by the UP State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC). Orders were also issued for the removal an illegal private bus stand adjacent to UPSRTC's Cantonment depot.The ADM City MP Singh on Wednesday convened a meeting with UPSRTC and RTO officials at his office in afternoon. During the meeting, UPSRTC officials claimed that 120 private buses are operating illegally on different routes in the city. While the RTO officials clarified that all the said buses were not illegal, they admitted that many passenger buses are operating under registration numbers issued for trucks and ambulances.Taken aback, the ADM City asked the RTO officials to prepare a detailed report of each and every private passenger bus operating in the district. He also sought details of permits issued for private bus operation on different routes. Singh said the RTO would provide the report within a week and informed that the issue of illegal bus stands was also raised during the meeting. He said orders have been issued for stern action against people engaged in operating a private bus stand from a petrol pump adjacent to UPSRTC's Cantt depot.However, it came as a surprise that the district administration ordered action against only one illegal bus stand. As per the government order, no private bus stand can operate in a radius of one kilometer of any UPSRTC depot. However, more than half a dozen private bus stands are operating illegally in the periphery of Cantonment roadways bus terminus. Private bus stands have been operating from different places, including Andhrapul, near Cantt Railway Station, Englishia Line, Kharbuja Shahid, Chawkaghat and Golgadda for years.Despite repeated memorandums forwarded to the district administration by the roadways, lack of action towards removal of illegal bus stands is said to have boosted morale of the transport mafia. Several illegal bus stands, like the one in Paredkothi area have come into existence in the past few years alone, and the list of these illegal bus stands can be found in the files of UPSRTC. According to UPSRTC regional manager PK Tiwari, the matter is brought to the knowledge of district administration and police at regular intervals for remedial action. The UPSRTC officials claimed that both the illegal buses and the stands have been causing loss of lakhs of rupees to the roadways every day. Despite the fact that illegal operation of the same has been causing financial loss and creating traffic issues, the district administration, regional transport authority as well as police have not shown interest in tackling the problem.On April 4, members of the transport mafia allegedly stopped a roadways bus and forced the passengers to board a private bus. Angered by this, the UPSRTC depot's staff and drivers went on a rampage and blocked GT Road outside the depot. The police and district officials had to do much to pacify the agitators, and the police had sought two days' time to ensure removal of illegally operating bus stands. However, no action was taken eventually.When the ADM City was asked about other illegally operating private bus stand, he said the issue of each illegal bus stand would be tackled one-by-one. He said the administration would also see that if the permits are issued to private buses for inter-district operation, alternative provisions for stands are made for them for collecting passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16376078", "title": "UK kids watched by spy cams even in loos", "text": "LONDON: Students across the UK are being watched by an astonishing 100,000 spy cameras, with the surveillance devices installed even inside the bathrooms.CCTV surveillance has been set up in playgrounds, classrooms and even toilets and changing rooms. The average secondary school has 24 cameras and an academy 30. Some schools have a camera for every five children in the name of controlling violence, vandalism and theft, the Daily Mail reported.In a development, that has already provoked outrage, more than 200 schools have CCTV operating in changing rooms or toilets.The extent of surveillance was made public in a report by Big Brother Watch, a watchdog group. It found there are 106,710 spy cameras in secondary schools and academies across England and Wales - a quarter of the total used to monitor all of London's streets.Big Brother Watch questioned how so many cameras have been set up without any check, what the recorded pictures were being used for, and who was watching them.\"Schools need to come clean about why they are using these cameras and what is happening to the footage, said watchdog director Nick Pickles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16377019", "title": "Madurai district officials gear up for Vinayaka Chathurthi, review situation", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration on Wednesday discussed the necessary measures to be taken by various departments for the upcoming Vinayaka Chathurthi festivities. The administration has identified specific places for immersion of the idols as part of the celebrations. The places identified are Vaigai, Kilthoppu, Othakadaikulam, Vadipatti Kumaram Tank, Mellakkal Iyyanarkoil tank, Gundaru, Maravankulam tank, Mottaikulam, Saptoor tank, Devankurichi tank and Mankattai Teppakulam.District collector, Anshul Mishra appealed to the public not to immerse chemically-painted idols or the ones made of plaster of paris, as they pollute the water bodies. The idols made of plaster of paris and synthetic paints will increase the salinity of the surface water, harming human and cattle, he advised. Hence, he encouraged the organisers of the festivities to immerse the idols made of raw clay without any chemicals.During the meeting, the collector instructed the officials to check the idols before immersion by taking some samples. While immersion, the police and revenue dept should ensure that the garlands and ornaments adorning the idols are removed. He instructed the police to take necessary measures to ensure law and order during the processions and celebrations and urged the electricity board to provided uninterrupted power supply. He instructed the transport authorities to chart out plans to divert traffic during processions and sufficient police personnel should be deployed during the festivities, especially in places where churches and mosques are situated.He also asked the fire and rescue personnel to be alert and take necessary measures to prevent any untoward incident. All the potential places of trouble should be monitored by RDO and DSP teams and all the concerned departments should submit the report on measures taken for the festival, he instructed the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16374794", "title": "Sukhbir Badal's assurance to a blind woman athlete", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Wednesday assured full financial help to a 25-year-old blind woman athlete, who made her mark in state and national levels in sports and in dancing on various television shows, to get back her eyesight.Balwinder Kaur, accompanied by her father, called on the Deputy chief minister in his office pleading her case.Kaur's father is a driver who has a large family to support, including five daughters and two sons, and was, therefore, unable to pay for her medical expenses, an official release said on Wednesday.Balwinder Kaur had taken part in shot put, discus and javelin throw competitions as also dancing on TV show, \"India's Got Talent\".Badal asked Sports Secretary PS Aujla to work out the total treatment plan to restore her eyesight of Kaur and said Punjab government would meet the total expenses for her treatment.He said that once fully treated, Punjab government would engage a coach to provide specialized training to her.Balwinder Kaur said she lost her eyesight seven years ago in an accident.She said she had won eight gold medals, two silver and a bronze medal at national level in shot put and discus throw, that too without any coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16379341", "title": "Mind these death holes", "text": "HUBLI: Manholes and open water chambers in the twin cities are literally turning into death traps. Close on the heels of the tragic incident in July in which two brothers in their twenties suffocated to death in an open manhole in Chanakyapuri Colony, a similar case was reported on Wednesday, when a man's unidentified body was fished out from an open water valve chamber near the railway bridge on club road.In all, four people have lost their lives to the deadly ditches in the last three months and what stuns citizens is the continued carelessness of the civic authorities towards such grave incidents.In July, siblings Ramesh Lamani, 20, and Santosh Lamani, 24, of Nelur Tanda of Ron taluk in Gadag district were asphyxiated to death in a newly constructed manhole at Chanakyapuri Colony. The two worked for Eagle Construction company, which had taken the contract of completing UGD work in Hubli. Ramesh had got into the 12-ft manhole to clean it. When he did not return, Santosh followed, and both of them paid with their lives.In another case, a four-year-old child boy met with a watery grave at an open water chamber in Bhairidevarakoppa of Hubli. Wednesday's incident in which a 35-year-old man's body was found in the open chamber filled with water is the fourth such incident in the last three months.While innocent people are becoming victims of the failure of the authorities in ensuring adequate safety around manholes and water tanks, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) and the water board are shirking their responsibilities and passing the buck on each other.Speaking about Wednesday's incident, Jayaram, executive engineer of the water board, said the open-top cap of the drinking water chamber in which the unidentified man died was stolen by miscreants a few days ago. Theft of open-top caps has become commonplace in Hubli. \"There are over thousand valve chambers in the city. We will verify all the chambers again and if caps on the chambers are missing, immediately they will be fitted. To avid thefts, the caps will be joined to the chamber by welding,\" he added.Former corporator Mohan Asundi blamed the civic agencies for their negligence in ensuring protection and safety around manholes and water chambers. \"Every time a tragedy takes place, the authorities wake up from their slumber and talk about taking action to prevent recurrence of such incidences in the future. Their enthusiasm dies down in a week and open manholes and chambers continue to claim innocent lives,\" he added.MayorspeakMayor Pandurang Patil said: We have instructed our officials to survey open manholes and valve chambers in Hubli and Dharwad. But the officials have not furnished the survey report till now. Such negligence will not be tolerated any more. Stern measures will be taken to avoid such incidents in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376902", "title": "Mother accuses teen of domestic violence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A middle-aged woman, who was arrested over three years after the filing of a complaint against her by her husband and over a year after the registration of an FIR, has also accused her teenaged son of domestic violence and harassment. Jasleen Kaur had approached the court against her son around three months ago. A resident of Phase III-B2 of Mohali, Jasleen was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the complaint of her husband Arvinder Pal, who had accused her of brutally beating him up. She was booked under various sections of the IPC including 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 451 (house-trespass in order to commit offence).\"My wife is after my wealth and property. In 2008, she gave me some sedatives and beat me up so brutally that the left side of my body was paralysed. Now she is also trying to falsely drag our 16-year-old son in this case. She has filed a case of domestic violence and harassment against him in a local court. This is totally illogical, how can a son harm his mother?\" said Arvinder.\"She has even hid our son's marksheet and other educational certificates as a result of which he has not been able to take admission in Class XI. Jasleen said she had thrown them away. I am afraid of her as she has contacts with many influential people and is harassing me, my 85-year-old mother and our son on their behest,\" said Arivnder Pal, Jasleen's husband. Despite strained relations, Arvinder and Jasleen are staying in the one kanal house in Mohali that is registered in the name of the former. Arvinder stays on the first floor, while Jasleen lives on the ground floor.This case also reveals how casually does the police work in Mohali district as the complaint against Arvinder was filed in 2008, however a case was only registered in July 2011, while Jasleen was arrested on Tuesda. The case too was registered after intervention of the Punjab State Human Rights Commission and senior police officials of the state. Even on Tuesday, when police went to arrest her, she managed to delay her arrest for nearly five hours.\"We had to approach Punjab State Human Rights Commission to complain against police inaction and the FIR was registered only due to their pressure. But they never bothered to arrest her. Even on Tuesday, I gave a tip-off to police, which led to her arrest. This is for the first time that a woman has accused her son of domestic violence and harassment,\" said Arvind Thakur, Arvinder's lawyer.Arvind said Jasleen had approached the court against her son around three months back and they have to submit their reply in court next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16378212", "title": "Administration draws flak for not clearing palace debris", "text": "KORAPUT: A case was registered against the district administration at the permanent lok adalat for public utility services at Jeypore on Wednesday for not clearing the debris after a portion of the Jeypore palace entrance collapsed on September 2.The debris is blocking a major road in the town. \"The Jeypore palace is in a crowded area and the road adjacent to it is used by thousands of people every day. But the debris are blocking the way and might result in a major mishap,\" said Debasish Mohanty, a Jeypore-based lawyer, who has approached the court against the administration.The sub-collector of Jeypore, executive officer Jeypore municipality and Jeypore tehsildar have been made a party to the petition.\"The administration has just put some barricades at the spot,\" Mohanty said.A day after a major portion of the palace entrance collapsed, the district administration demolished some more portions hanging dangerously with the consent of the royal family.According to sources, while the royal family says that the administration had sought permission for demolishing the remaining portion of the entrance building and it is its duty to see that the public does not face any problem, the administration on its part says as it is the private property of the royal family and they have been served with a notice under CrPc 133 (condition order for removal of nuisance).\"The show cause notice was served on the royal family on September 1 to which they have to reply within 30 days. If we don't receive any reply from the royal family within the stipulated time, then the administration will do the needful,\" said the Jeypore sub-collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375990", "title": "Potential landfills for Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP has identified four spaces - in all, 212 acres -- on the city's outskirts as potential landfills. The land belongs to Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, and three of these areas are to be cleared by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, to be used as landfills.Garbage lifting in Jayanagar has been running successfully with a GPS system to locate garbage heaps. Cameras will be fitted on garbage autos to take photos of waste clearance; these will be directly uploaded on to the main server at the BBMP headquartersGanesha idols will go to visarjana kendras, which will be installed by resident welfare associations in their areas. The mayor says immersion will be restricted to September 30, and installation of eco-friendly idols will be encouraged. Ward-level tenders will be called for immersion of idols and cash awards given to RWAsShortage of staff, equipment and infrastructure will be met by using funds under the 13th Finance CommissionAwareness will be created through advertisements, stickers, posters, handbills, banners, over radio, TV, in schools and colleges, by RWAs and NGOs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16375339", "title": "Haryana got Rs 61k crore industrial investment since 2005", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana has received investments of about Rs 61,000 crore, including FDI of Rs 9,629 crore, since 2005 and investments worth Rs 97,000 crore are in the pipeline.This was informed in a review meeting of Industries and Commerce Department presided over by the chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda here today, said an official release.Haryana is one of the most industrialised states in the country and a leading producers of cranes, excavators, passenger cars, motorcycles and tractors, it said.The state is also a leading in terms of IT exports that have touched the Rs 23,000 crore mark. Overall exports from Haryana had crossed Rs 48,500 crore during year 2010-11. The state had also industrial base having 1,359 large and medium units and about 82,000 small scale units. Gurgaon accounts for four per cent of the world IT- BPO manpower.Principal secretary Industries, Y S Malik informed that about 22,000 acres had been acquired so far for development of industrial infrastructure since the year 2005 and another about 12,000 acres was under acquisition.Emphasising on the need for an increase in the number of industrial clusters in the state for facilitating the growth of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), Hooda directed to develop more industrial clusters in the state. Malik apprised the chief minister that three cluster projects had been sanctioned for Karnal, Panipat and Bahadurgarh and two more clusters were expected to be sanctioned during the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16377031", "title": "Paswan voices for SC/ST quota in promotions bill", "text": "MADURAI: Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) leader Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday urged local parties in the state to support the cause of passing the Bill on Reservation for SC/ST in Promotions.Addressing media persons here, Paswan appealed to the DMK, AIADMK, PMK and MDMK to support the bill and not to dilute the issue of reservation for SC/STs in promotion. \"There should be reservation for SCs, STs in promotion in government services, in private sector and in the judiciary. We also demand SC status for dalit Christians and dalit Muslims under Article 341 of the Indian constitution,\" he said.Pointing to the opposition by Samajwadi Party (SP) to the bill, he urged DMK chief M Karunanidhi to clarify his statement that DMK supported the SP's stand on the bill. \"They (DMK) should make clear whether they are opposed to reservation for SC/ST in promotions or they want reservation for OBCs also,\" he mentioned. Once the bill for reservation in promotion for SC/STs is passed, a similar bill for OBCs and minorities could also be passed, he added. He also recalled the support given by the dalit leaders for implementation of the Mandal Commission with regard to reservation for OBCs.Commenting on the violence in Kudankulam, he criticised the way the state handled the protests. The government should first convince the people and should not impose the project amidst the opposition. But he was quick enough to say that his party supported the nuclear programme. He also urged the state to declare Immanuel Sekaran's memorial day as a government holiday and the state should organise the guru pooja as promised by the chief minister few years ago, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16379321", "title": "Karnataka State Law University cloud to keep tabs on law school teachers", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka State Law University (KSLU) is planning to introduce a new concept to keep a tab on teachers, following complaints from students that some teachers are not punctual in taking classes and completing the syllabus before exams.Teachers will be monitored on a regular basis -- what they will teach in class, will they cover all the points and complete the syllabus on time. For this, KSLU will take the help of cloud computing to monitor how each class in every law college in the state functions. Those found to be negligent in delivering lectures and on other counts will have to face the music.Currently, the class plan of the semester is prepared by the clerks of the respective colleges and distributed to the subject lecturers. The lecturers then give a delivery report in their register, the principal verifies the chart and directs the teachers to fill in the missed classes.In the new system, the class plan is prepared by the clerk and put on the KSLU cloud.Teachers take classes and send their delivery report to the cloud -- and in minutes, the university can verify which teacher has taught which subject, whether all the points have been covered, whether classes have been missed and also directs teachers to take up the missed classes.Everything on the cloud KSLU evaluation registrar KS Bagale told TOI that by implementing a new class plan and delivery report with the help of the KSLU cloud, all colleges have to upload the class plan of the semester and the delivery report immediately after the class. The content of the lecture and syllabus is displayed on the cloud, which helps students prepare for the class in advance. They can also compare what their lecturers are teaching, and whether all the points are covered, he said. This plan will bring uniformity in teaching and address students' complaints, Bagale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375889", "title": "Get mentored by leaders here", "text": "BANGALORE: Global Shapers will conduct its Youth Summit at SAP Labs, Whitefield, on Friday. The summit theme is 'mentoring for success' and students selected from across Karnataka will be mentored and guided by top managers from multinationals such as SAP.The conference will be addressed by top CEOs, entrepreneurs, senior bureaucrats and attended by 200 top students and 100 corporate managers.Global Shapers was launched in May 2012 in collaboration with Vijay Karnataka of The Times of India group to create a platform where leaders can interact, mentor and lead youths in sectors like entrepreneurship , business and leadership. During the past few months, Global Shapers has successfully initialized its hubs in 100 graduate colleges.Klaus Schwab , chairman, World Economic Forum , established 'Global Shapers' and feels an exclusive community of exceptional youth in their 20s, for whom the forum provides a global platform to shape the future - integrating the personal, community and global dimensions. He feels that catalyzing and enhancing, individually and collectively, fresh ideas and entrepreneurial solutions to the world's most pressing challenges can be done through this platform. Friday's summit will be held from 2pm to 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16374429", "title": "22% growth in bank complaint-solving", "text": "PATNA: The Office of the Banking Ombudsman (OBO), a separate office under the RBI, has cleared 2,718 out of 2,820 complaints lodged between July 2011 and June 2012, according to the annual report presented by Ombudsman of Bihar and Jharkhand Srimohan Yadav on Wednesday. With this, the OBO has registered a growth of 22% in problem-solving measure, he said.Yadav said that there are 27 grounds on which aggrieved customers can file their complaints. He said, \"Last year, maximum number of cases was related to pension irregularities (18.8%), followed by complaints relating to ATM (15.8%) and failure to meet commitments (15%), and most of the cases were against State Bank of India and Associates (1,350).\"He claimed to have worked out all cases within two months of their filing despite being short-staffed. The OBO has powers to facilitate reconciliation as well as direct the banks concerned to award compensation, against which they can move the deputy governor of RBI.When asked, who can approach the OBO, Yadav said, \"Any complaints regarding clearance of cheques, and drafts, problems related to ATM, debit and credit cards, remittances, deposit accounts, loans, unnecessary delay in operations of the bank, delay in pension, failure to meet commitments, or threats from recovery agents can be brought before the OBO.\"Any customer can file complaints with the OBO by writing a letter or sending an email to bopatna@rbi.org.in. However, before approaching the OBO, it is necessary that the customer first submits a written representation to the bank concerned and when no reply is received from the bank within one month or if the reply is not satisfactory, then the client should come up to OBO, Yadav said.He further said, \"The complaint can be registered on a plain paper too but minimum information like the name and address of the complainant, the name and address of the bank concerned and the amount of compensation demanded is required for necessary action.\"Yadav said, \"Banking Ombudsman was introduced by the RBI in 1995 as an alternative, expeditious and inexpensive forum to resolve complaints relating to deficiencies in banking services. It covers all commercial, regional rural and scheduled primary cooperative banks.However, due to lack of awareness about OBO, not many people seek its help. Out of an estimated 13 crore population of Bihar and Jharkhand, we received only 2,820 cases last year.\"Office of Banking Ombudsman secretary of Bihar and Jharkhand John Prakash Tirkey said steps were being taken to spread awareness about the ombudsman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375860", "title": "Tatkare: State examining whistle-blower\u2019s allegations", "text": "MUMBAI: Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare said on Wednesday the government was looking into the allegations made by department chief engineer Vijay Pandhere. In an explosive letter written to the government about four months ago, Pandhere, also a member of the state-level technical advisory committee, alleged that Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on dud irrigation projects in the last 10 years.Pandhere has blamed a politician-officer-contractor nexus for the mess.TOI was the first to report this in its September 10 edition. In what is the first government reaction on the letter, the minister said, \"We are examining the allegations in detail.\"In his letter, Pandhere said, \"An investigation into the functioning of all the state irrigation corporations would easily reveal irregularities worth Rs 20,000 crore in the past 15 years. Irregularities in lift irrigation schemes would prove that Rs 15,000 crore was totally wasted. Officials and politicians are aware of the fact. But in order to float major tenders and get a big cut from them, huge cost estimates for these projects were prepared.\"Tatkare himself is under the scanner following irregularities in various irrigation projects.Meanwhile, the state cabinet on Wednesday approved 31 proposals for reservation of water for household projects. All the proposals were from western Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374868", "title": "Man killed in rock blasting mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Careless blasting of rocks at a plot in Bandlaguda resulted in the death of a truck cleaner on Wednesday. According to the Rajendranagar police, the mishap occurred when workers at plot number 187 in Padma Sri Hills of Suncity were carrying out rock blasting at their plot as a part of the construction workon Wednesday evening. A huge piece of boulder fell on truck cleaner Asif Ali of Golconda, who was sitting near plot number 202. When the blast occurred, 48-year-old Asif was sitting in the rear of the truck parked at plot number 202 andThe projectile crashed on his legs and it was crushed. He died while being taken to the hospital.tnn \"Asif's legs were crushed due to the impact of the boulder and he died on the way to hospital due to excess bleeding,\" Rajendranagar inspector S Jayaram said.Based on the complaint lodged by Asif's family, police booked cases against the plot owner under Section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Explosive Substances Act. Police said that they were yet to identify the plot owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16379176", "title": "Moodbidri to ban plastic carry bags from September 15", "text": "MANGALORE: Taking a cue from Udupi, Moodbidri will impose a ban on use of plastic carry bags. The ban may come into force in both towns on September 15.Town Municipality Council president Ratnakar Devadiga said he wants Moodbidri, called the Jain Kashi of the South, to be an environment-friendly model town. Six months ago, the council removed all garbage bins to encourage door-to-door waste collection.He told TOI: \"If such a step had been taken a decade ago, garbage issue would have been a non-issue now.\"Despite a meeting of traders and the public on Monday failing to elicit a favourable response, the council is keen on ban-plastic move. The traders had sought more time to exhaust their plastic-bag stock. But Devadiga was firm: \"It (banning plastic) must start somewhere, and the moment is right.\"Now, hotels have been told to segregate organic and non-organic waste at source. \"We will not collect waste which is not segregated and penalize owners,\" Devadiga noted. The segregated waste will be sent for composting. The council has a five-acre landfill at Marinjagudde, which Devadiga says will meet the town's requirement for two decades.District minister C T Ravi has hinted at a ban on plastic bags and cups in Dakshina Kannada from November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376767", "title": "Eco-tourism or economic terrorism?", "text": "They say that beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. I wish it was not true, at least in the case of Tiracol because this 'beauty' has fallen prey to the capitalists' lust. The capitalist, like a roaring lion is looking to devour the gullible villagers with his ferocious paws.Tiracol by Latin etymology would mean terra collis---a land of hills, and true to its name, Tiracol is blessed with green hills surrounding the picturesque village. Geographically disconnected, yet historically immemorial. In fact, the Liberation struggle has its roots in Tiracol and even to this day, it bears testimony to the blood of the freedom fighters of the likes of Tulshiram Hirve Guruji.The story of economic terrorism in Tiracol began just like the famous story of 'The camel's nose in the tent'. The capitalist came like a meek but cunning camel and slowly poked his nose by offering a few red notes to the myopic locals then added another few zeroes and then 'zeroed' them from the tent itself. The others learned their first lesson in capitalism by observing those who sold their rights to the land and how the capitalist's honey gradually becomes poison. They preferred to keep themselves aloof from the capitalist words of butter, gifts of gold and silver, cars and flats, and promises of milk and honey. Today, it's a pity that those who pawned their virgin-lands for red notes have realized that their life is no better than an adultery. They know what they have, but, woe to them, they do not know who they are. The loss of land is a loss of identity.The story on Tiracol carried on the September 7 edition of your esteemed daily is just the tip of the iceberg of the long struggle that the people have been fighting for the last many years. I congratulate your courage to highlight this issue on TOI's front page. For the people of Tiracol, 50 years of Goa's Liberation doesn't make any sense; it's just a mere exchange of conquering parties. First the Portuguese ruled them, and now their own citizens rule over them. Trespassing the law of the land, the capitalist ventures into the green fields and mercilessly goes on massacring trees after trees. This is neo-terrorism.It is a stark reality of the people of Tiracol that they feel let down by those who are deemed by law and conscience to safeguard the rights of those who fight for truth and justice. They feel that they are becoming strangers in their own land with the powers (that may be) treating them as Gentiles, while the one who promised with fiery speeches to be with them is now firing them saying: \"Hanv tankam ollkoch nam.\"For politicians with 150-odd votes to sacrifice this village means nothing as long as they can amass as many crores of rupees as possible by aligning with the capitalist, negotiating their percentages for the pound of flesh. So far, they have given a red carpet welcome to the capitalist machinery and their conmen get royal treatment with government and judicial authorities, and permissions are obtained with the blink of an eye. The villagers on the other hand are fighting the might of the capitalist: Goliath with David's slingshot in the court of justice.People are gradually losing their faith in politicians because they are laughing like Nero while like Rome, Tiracol is still burning. They are losing faith in the police force and government authorities because they walk at the behest of bhai/babu/babas' talks, and they are losing faith in the preachers because they don't practice what they preach.Their hopes are now rested in the people of Goa, for they know that they have done it before and they can win this battle for them now; in the priests of God, for they are the voice of the voiceless; and in the Goan media, for the pen is mightier than the sword.(The writer hails from Tiracol and is presently doing his further studies in Rome, Italy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374244", "title": "Common question paper for term exam upsets private schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Quarterly exams for board exam students in state and matriculation schools in the state began on Wednesday. For the first time, schools were provided with a common question paper for end-of-the-term examinations for Classes 10 and 12, in a move towards a common school system. Private school managements are upset and say this interfered with their autonomy.For long, private schools prepared their own question papers for term-end exams and government schools formed clusters and set a common question paper for neighbouring schools. \"We want to give students a board experience from the beginning so they will get used to sitting for the boards and will reduce exam stress,\" said school education department director K Devarajan.This is a move towards a common school system, after a common syllabus up to Class 10 was introduced last year. \"We want to set the same standards for everybody. This way, students from a school will be able to assess their performance with others of the same class across the state,\" he said.Private schools say it will affect their methods of preparing children for board exams, like asking students in the same class to attempt different papers. While a class topper will cover the whole syllabus, an average scorer attempts a paper that covers only 60% of the syllabus. Some schools get toppers to attempt only objective questions so they won't lose out even one mark in the boards.\"This is how we push our students to attain their potential. A common question paper is like a single measuring scale and does not serve the purpose,\" said a school correspondent.Some schools also complained of not receiving enough question papers to give all the students. A city school said that for the exam scheduled at 9.30am, question papers were handed out at the zonal centre at that time and that exams had to be delayed. One principal said his school received only one paper each for languages other than Tamil, and they had to make photocopies. \"This delayed the exam further. The school education department should stick to making policy decisions instead of trying to run our schools,\" said a school correspondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16374635", "title": "Mulayam attacks Congress, reaches out to Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , who has been accused of ditching Mamata Banerjee in July's presidential polls, reached out to the Trinamool boss on Wednesday even as he attacked Congress over scams.In what was seen as a \"let bygones be bygones\" overture, Mulayam sent his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on a courtesy visit to Mamata. Emerging from the meeting, Akhilesh praised Mamata for her long struggle. He also said people of West Bengal had high expectations of their CM.The public bonhomie came against the backdrop of a phone conversation between Mulayam and Mamata a few days ago. He is learnt to have told her that, given their criticality for the Congress regime at the Centre and the sharp erosion in Congress's popularity, they needed to coordinate their moves.According to Trinamool sources, Mulayam said though he was not looking at forming a front of SP and Trinamool, the two parties would be required to coordinate better on their moves vis-a-vis Congress in view of the latter's rapidly deteriorating ratings.'People have lost hope in Congress'Speaking at the inaugural session of a two-day party meeting, Mulayam used harsh words for the UPA II government to which he offers outside support in Parliament, saying scams have depleted Congress's credibility to the point that \"people have lost hope in the Congress\".\"Congress party has reached a stage where it has lost its political credibility and this is reflected in the series of scams that have been unearthed during the UPA II regime,\" Mulayam said. \"Look at what is happening at the Centre. First it was the 2G, then came the coal allotment, there is not a single scam that has emerged during UPA-2 in which the Congress was not involved,\" he said.\"This is the reason why the party has been busy pacifying allies and protecting the tainted faces within Congress rather delivering on governance. The people have lost hope in Congress,\" Mulayam said.His aggression was followed by SP leader Mohan Singh attacking Rahul Gandhi's prospects as a prime ministerial hopeful, saying, \"I have not even once heard him say anything on the most critical issues before the nation. I am yet to consider him a good PM or a PM at all for that matter.\"Mohan Singh rounded off his criticism of Rahul saying the international media and political analysts have begun writing the Congress leader off as a likely PM. \"If he does become one, then it may prove to be more disastrous for the country and Congress as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16378810", "title": "Hartal fear fuels price hike postponement", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Why did the Centre refrain from increasing diesel, kerosene and LPG price on Tuesday? With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh set to inaugurate the Emerging Kerala summit on Wednesday, chief minister Oommen Chandy was apprehensive that the price hike would fuel protests by the Left parties.Sources told TOI that the CM contacted A K Antony, defence minister and a member of Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA), and briefed him about the intelligence report on the hartal threat on the first day of the meet.Antony apprised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union finance minister P Chidambaram about the situation in Kerala. Chidambaram, in consultation with petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy, then, decided to defer the move to hike fuel price.Overall, the first day of Emerging Kerala concluded on a positive note, with companies and angel investors exploring of possibilities and, in some cases, sealing it with a firm hand shake.Among major proposals mooted are development of agro industries sector, LNG re-gasification plant, expansion of the ship building unit in Kochi and setting up of British Trade Centre at Thiruvananthapuram. Infrastructure firms in UK and Japan have shown interest to provide technical assistance to big ticket projects like Kochi Metro rail.\"Companies have expressed their desire to invest in the state because of a positive environment we are creating towards attracting business ventures to the state. The state government is committed towards providing all possible help and support to investors who have shown interest in the state\", Shafi Mather, chief economic advisor to Kerala chief minister, told TOI.Mentor of the state, Sam Pitroda revealed that, \"A special investment fund that will woo NRIs to invest in Kerala is also being planned\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376592", "title": "Minister's driver booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ten days after a head constable of Chandigarh Police traffic wing was injured after he challaned a vehicle of a Punjab minister at Chandigarh airport for wrong parking, the police on Tuesday booked the driver for causing injury to an official on government duty.A case was registered against Iqbal Singh of Punjab Police, who was driving the car, PB-65H-9058, and had run the vehicle over the right foot of head constable Fakeer Chand on September 1.Following a complaint by an injured Fakeer, an inquiry was marked to traffic police wing. Sources said the FIR was registered as the probe team found that Iqbal could have prevented the accident. The FIR was registered at the Sector-31 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375746", "title": "Speeding sedan mounts footpath, injures 2 kids", "text": "MUMBAI: Two schoolkids and their mothers were injured after the driver of a car lost control and the vehicle mounted a footpath they were walking on in Santa Cruz (W) on Wednesday. The driver of the car, Sunil Gupta, abandoned the car and tried to flee but was caught by passersby. He was arrested for rash and negligent driving and later released on bail.According to eyewitnesses, Gupta, who was driving the Honda City at a high speed, veered the car sharply to avoid collision with another vehicle coming from the opposite direction, but ended up knocking down the two kids and their mothers.Gupta is an auto driver and the car belongs to his friend, said the police. Gupta's friend was in the car when the incident occurred.The injured children live in Golibar and study in junior KG at Rosebuds Kindergarten in Santa Cruz (W).The incident took place around 11am on Central Avenue Road when the two children were walking towards the school with their mothers.The witnesses told the police that they had spotted the Honda City coming towards the footpath but the car hit them before they could move.Passerby rushed the injured to hospital. Three of the injured were discharged from the hospital after the treatment. One of the injured students, a four-year-old girl, is still in hospital and will undergo a CT scan as doctors fear she may have sustained internal injuries.Abdul Shaikh, the father of one of the injured kids, said, \"The driver of the car was behaving in a strange manner. The police should conduct his medical examination to check if he was drunk at the time of the accident.\"The police said they have collected Gupta's blood sample for medical tests and seized his driving licence for verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376562", "title": "SAD, INLD never filed donor info with ECI: Report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two major regional parties of Punjab and Haryana, Shiromani Akali Dal, ruling in Punjab and Indian National Lok Dal, forming Opposition in Haryana, have been found defaulting in informing the Election Commission of India about donations received from corporates.The two parties have \"never filed their contribution reports with the Election Commission from 2004-2005 till 2010-2011,\" according to a report released by the Association of Democratic Rights and National Election Watch.Section 29-C of the Representation of Peoples Act, 1951 says that it is mandatory for political parties to submit details of contributions and donations received in excess Rs 20,000 from any individual or a company, to the Election Commission of India (ECI).ADR had filed RTI letters with ECI as well as income tax authorities across the country to obtain contribution reports filed by the six national parties and 36 regional parties for FY 2003-2004 till FY 2010-2011.Both Shiromani Akali Dal and Indian National Lok Dal have been defaulting regularly in filing their statements of contributions with ECI, though the parties have been seeking income tax exemptions, as per the report.Speaking to TOI, president of Shiromani Akali Dal, Sukhbir Singh Badal , who is also deputy CM, Punjab, denied that SAD had violated norms by not filing the statement of contributions. \"As far as I know, all obligations are being fulfilled. Whatever donations we are getting are being accounted for and income tax department also did assessements.\" When apprised of the ADR report listing SAD as a defaulter, Sukhbir Badal said, \"I am not really aware of the details since I don't deal with it directly.\"Haryana state president of Indian National Lok Dal, Ashok Arora, former transport minister, said, \"The party has not got any donation from companies or corporate houses ever. We have received contributions only from individuals and these are all accounted for. We have bank accounts and details to support this.\"Jagdeep Chhokar, founder member National Election Watch and Association for Democratic Reforms, told TOI, \"When a political party does not submit statement of contributions to ECI there can be just two possibilities - either it did not receive any donation from corporates and companies or it received donations but did not submit details. Income tax department is the final authority which can say whether a party received funds or not and the onus is on the I-T department to seek information from either the party or the ECI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376852", "title": "One-woman army rights traffic mess", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Desperate times call for desperate measures. This was proved right at T-point near Fun Republic on Chandigarh-Shimla Road on Wednesday afternoon. When on-duty traffic policemen copped out of the chock-a-block junction, a young woman stormed in and adroitly started giving directions. And voila! Within minutes the mess was cleared.Gurvinder Kaur, 28, showed how an aware citizen can play an important role for society. Caught in a serpentine queue, she parked her car on roadside and manned traffic for good 45 minutes. Rain and defunct traffic lights near Housing board light-point and Manimajra had hit vehicular movement, causing snarls on the stretch.\"If we claim a smooth drive is our right, then we should be ready to perform our duties too. At least in such a situation, one must come forward to take the charge,\" said Gurvinder.A facility support in an IT company, Gurvinder was going to her Panchkula home from Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park, Manimajra, via the old Patiala road when she heard siren of an ambulance. It was caught in the jam due to over-following drains on Manimajra-Panchkula and Chandigarh-Panchkula road. \"What made me come out of my car immediately was the stuck ambulance with command hospital patient in it. It was annoying... drivers of two buses were arguing with each other, holding up the traffic. I came out to clear the mess, as I could empathize... I too have an ailing mother at home,\" she added.For the first 30 minutes, she managed the traffic alone, and later three youths joined her till cops reached the spot.She, however, rued the \"poor\" conduct of drivers, who at times ignored her requests. \"Some educated and decent-looking people behaved like uneducated ones,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16378023", "title": "Suicide bid by undertrial", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An under-trial identified as Ashish on Wednesday made an abortive attempt to hurt himself inside lock up located on the collectorate campus under Colonelganj police station.As per reports, he had been brought here for court hearing. Ashish was lodged at the Naini central jail for the last two years after police slapped on him cases under the Gangsters Act.Reports added that the under-trial was locked up in a room on the collectorate campus where he made an attempt to hurt himself with a blade. When cops on duty noticed it, they aborted his bid.The under-trial had also moved an application which would be heard on September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16374361", "title": "One killed after fishing plan goes awry", "text": "COIMBATORE: One person was killed and another injured after crude underwater explosives they were carrying for fishing accidentally went off. S Loganathan, 30, and his friend, A Ravikumar, 30, had gone to the Bhavani near Mettupalayam for fishing with the explosives on Wednesday. Unfortunately, the explosive exploded in Loganathan's hand killing him on the spot. Ravikumar sustained severe injuries and has been admitted to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) in a critical condition.According to police, Loganathan, a daily-wage labourer from Vellipalayam near Mettupalayam, was at the river with seven other friends to fish. They had planned to fish with crude explosives. In this mode of fishing, explosives are stuffed into small pipes which are covered at both ends with metal balls, and thrown into the river. These blow up killing many fish in the process.However, it went off when Loganathan took the pipe. He died on the spot and Ravikumar, who was standing next to Loganathan, sustained severe injuries. Their friends rushed them to the Mettupalayam government hospital. Loganathan was declared brought dead and Ravikumar was refereed to CMCH for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16376127", "title": "Police tighten security at US consulate", "text": "MUMBAI: The BKC police on Wednesday increased the US consulate's security cover after the Libya attack. Unidentified armed men stormed into a building in Libya and killed four persons, including US ambassador Christopher Stevens.\"The police have reviewed the security and increased it in and around the consulate. There is no intelligence input or alert. It has been done as a security measure,\" said a police source.US offices across the world have been provided with additional protection. US President Barack Obama has ordered security tightening at US diplomatic posts around the globe.Police sources said that they were monitoring the situation and everything was under control. \"After such incidents, we tighten security at important installations as precautions,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375706", "title": "Land grabbing racket busted after trying to dupe poor widow's family", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and some social workers helped a poor family consisting of a widow and two sons get justice after some racketeers nearly grabbed their property. This incident was another example of land and property being grabbed in and around the city by racketeers with bogus documents and fake sellers.Following the CP's instruction, deputy commissioner of police Chandra Kishor Mina inquired into the matter, leading to the arrest of Ravindra Meshram, Mukesh Rahulkar and Shashikant Patil by Ajni police on Tuesday. Rahulkar has a prior criminal record against him. After being produced before the court, the trio was remanded to police custody till September 15.Tulsabai Gedam, whose husband Laxman passed away in July this year, had been shocked to find out that ownership of a 1,500 sq ft plot of land at Babulkheda was being claimed by Meshram. Her 20-year-old son Ravi rushed to Nagpur Improvement Trust ( NIT), where he was stunned to find out that the official records showed Meshram as the owner and not his late father Laxman, who was a retired railway guard.The Gedams started running pillar to post in government offices and also approached Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) city women's wing president and social worker Nutan Rewatkar. The Gedams also approached the cops, but their application was merely sent from one police station to another, with no progress until the CP intervened.Police investigations later revealed that Meshram and his accomplices had roped in a beggar from the roadside and used his photographs in place of Laxman's to transfer ownership of the plot to Meshram. The fraudsters had reportedly spent Rs 8.50 lakh to get Meshram's name on the land records.Laxman had been paralysed after retirement and was almost bedridden. While the Gedams stayed at Gujarwadi, they had built two small rooms on their plot at Babulkheda, which had been rented out. A crippled Laxman could not go to his plot for a long time, and the racketeers took advantage of this.Despite DCP Mina's intervention, there was an unexplained delay at the police station level which led to a bunch of women NCP workers under Rewatkar to protest at Ajni police station. It is learnt that despite pressure to withdraw the complaint, the social workers ensured the case was not diluted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376570", "title": "State govt removes mining head", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after, TOI published a report on how natural resources in Sonbhadra district were being plundered through illegal mining, the state government removed Bhuvnath Singh from his post of director Geology and Mining. An RTI query had revealed that 38 individuals or parties were holding mining activities without legal permission. The document supported that the illegal activity was taking place with the involvement of the local administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "uluberia (howrah)", "code": "16377102", "title": "Be prepared to miss 'daak'er saaj' this Puja", "text": "ULUBERIA (HOWRAH):As the city debates the monsoon deficit this year, there are at least 300 families in Uluberia, about 50km from the heart of the city, for whom the lack of rains has spelt doom. These are among the country's last sholapith workers, after whom the art will die forever.The poor monsoon has affected the growth of the shola plants in Bengal and there is no raw material available for them to work on. With the festive season round the corner, these shola workers who would have otherwise worked at least 20 hours a day around this time are sitting idle. This time, not only will the festive market be affected, there will also be a deficit in shola products that are mandatory in Bengali weddings. The wedding season unfolds immediately after the Pujas.The cottage industry around sholapith is over 200 years old in Uluberia and started under the sponsorship of the British. That the soft, light and porous texture of the sholapith plant can be used to make hats was first \"discovered\" by the British. Shola hats were used by the British because they found the hot and humid tropical weather unbearable. The scraps that were left behind after the hats were made then started being used for making decorative items. In course of time, the Uluberia sholapith workers started making chandmala and other decorative items that are used in pujas and topar-sinthi (headgear) that are a must in Bengali weddings for the bride and groom.A good monsoon means a good shola crop that grows in the marshy lands near waterbodies. The rains help to add lightness and porousness to the stems. \"We cannot use the entire stem because only the portion that happens to grow under water gets matured when fresh monsoon rains come,\" explained Asim Roy, a fourth generation sholapith worker. Shola stems lay piled in his one-room workshop at Jadurberia, the village in Uluberia that has the maximum number of shola workers in the area. Holding up a stem, Asim explained that the raw material is ready for use as soon as the skin of the stem is removed.One moved through the lanes and bylanes of the villages that are dotted with hutments of shola workers. Poverty and misery were apparent. Added to this is the despair of lack of work this year. \"We have visited the Ultadanga haat for shola, which is a regular feature during the monsoons ahead of the festive season and come back empty handed because the harvest of local shola has not happened. So we are late for this year's festive season,\" said Anup Manna.The workers are now ordering shola from Odisha where the rains have been sufficient. There are traders in Haur and Bhogpur in Midnapore, who bring the supply from Odisha. \"We expect a hundred per cent price rise and then, we can afford to buy only one-fourth of our requirement for raw materials,\" explained Bidhan Mondal, another shola worker.A bundle of shola will cost Rs 700-Rs 900 this time and a pile will cost ten times this price. \"Those who are unable to buy raw material will miss the forthcoming Viswakarma Puja on September 17, which for many of us is a bigger market than even the Durga Puja,\" rued Kakoli Maiti.The market for shola products has started reacting accordingly. The most popular shola decorative puja items - chandmala and kadam phool - have already found paper substitutes, not to speak of the daak'er saaj or shola decorations for the goddess, that have been replaced with decorations made out of golden and silver paper.Some artisans have raw materials left over from last year. These are being used to make the topar-sinthi. To cope with the deficit in supply, the artisans are mixing shola and paper. \"Topar-sinthi will be in short supply this time. Those that will be sold will sell at three times the price, as things stand,\" said Anath Maiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378215", "title": "Centre to release crop insurance amount", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Wednesday assured the state government that crop insurance amount for farmers of 497 gram panchayats will be released, during a discussion with revenue minister S N Patro and cooperation minister BK Arukh in New Delhi.Pawar, however, told the ministers that the Centre did not have crop cutting report for rest left out 80 gram panchayats and 26 urban bodies which were hit by natural calamities in the state last year. He said the technical committee would discuss this matter and take a decision. The union minister said he would give necessary direction to insurance company on Thursday for release crop insurance amount for drought and flood-hit farmers. It is estimated that those farmers, following this decision, would avail about Rs 100 crore as crop insurance. Of the total insurance amount, the Centre and state government would share 50% each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16376688", "title": "Former scavengers set to address global conference", "text": "ALWAR: After living on the fringes of the society for a long time, scavengers are slowly becoming a part of the mainstream. With an increased awareness about the discrimination against them, manual scavengers are building the courage to share their stories with the world.Some of them flew to France on Wednesday to attend a convention on industrial and economic growth, where they will narrate their story about life transforming experiences.Laxmi Nanda from Alwar and Dali from Tonk, who were earlier scavengers, now lead a better life with the efforts of NGO Sulabh International Sanstha.The duo has been selected for a visit to France, where they will interact with the French and Israeli presidents.\"I didn't know how to write in Hindi but today I can talk in English as well,\" Laxmi said filled with pride.Both Laxmi and Dali are no longer manual scavengers but work with the NGO.Laxmi would narrate her journey from being a scavenger and facing discrimination to being brought into the mainstream and leading a life of dignity.She describes her years as a scavenger 'bad' and 'atrocious'. A few months ago, she met the then President of India Pratibha Patil .Coordinator of NGO Nai Disha Santosh Singh said \"These women are making the country proud in other parts of the world with their efforts. They have quit scavenging and are now a part the mainstream society.\" Nai Disha also works for provid ing better opportunities those who earlier worked scavengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375476", "title": "\u2018Consumer cybercrime cost India $8bn in a year\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Software security services provider Norton on Wednesday said consumer cybercrime has cost the country around Rs 42,000 crore in the past 12 months, impacting 42 million people.Releasing the findings of its annual cybercrime report, it is estimated that over 42 million people fell victim to cybercrime in the past 12 months in the country, incurring around $8 billion in direct financial losses. In terms of cost, this is a full 18% increase. Against this, the global loss has been pegged at $110 billion.The study further notes that as many as 66 percent of online adults have been a victim of cybercrime in their lifetime in the country.During the past 12 months, as many as 56% of adults who go online here have experienced cybercrime \u2014 that is over 1,15,000 victims per day, 80 victims per minute and over one every second.The study is based on the findings of self-reported experiences of over 13,000 adults across 24 countries, Norton by Symantec said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374994", "title": "Prime Indian Mujahideen accused still on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: In September 2008, 26 lives were lost in Indian Mujahideen's first terror strike in the capital. Four years on, Delhi Police and intelligence agencies are yet to arrest the planners of the September 13 serial blasts, including the alleged leader of the outfit, Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh. Intelligence officials believe Bhatkal is hiding in the country and Delhi still happens to be on his hitlist.Officials claim that if Bhatkal is arrested, several modules of Indian Mujahideen \u2014 one of the biggest threats to the country at present \u2014 would be unearthed. Every year on September 13 and September 19 (the date of the Batla House encounter), Delhi Police gets on its toes fearing an attack by the outfit to avenge the killing of two IM terrorists in the encounter. Both cases are on trial in court.So far, 17 people have been arrested for their involvement in the serial blasts. However, key members of the outfit, Junaid, Mohammad Ariz and Dr Shahnawaz, have been dodging intelligence agencies for over four years now. Security agencies believe that Bhatkal targeted the city during the CWG in 2010. He's also suspected to be behind the blast that rocked the Delhi high court in May last year. Intelligence Bureau inputs suggest that he may carry out more attacks in the capital.Following the September 13 blast, Delhi Police's special cell had swung into action and cracked Atif Ameen's module at Batla House, killing two members, Atif and Mohammad Sajid. Five IM men had been arrested from Delhi \u2014 Mohammad Saif, Zeeshan Ahmed, Mohammad Shakeel, Zia-Ur-Rehman and Saqib Nisar. At that time, most of the outfit's members were from Azamgarh, UP, but over due course of time, IM managed to recruit youths from Bihar, Karnataka, West Bengal and various other parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "sarju ( latehar)", "code": "16378476", "title": "Maoists losing grip on Red bastion", "text": "SARJU ( LATEHAR): Like many others children enrolled at Utkramit Rajkiya Vidyalaya in Sarju, the fourteen-year-old Mohammad Gulam Roshan has, of late, been regularly attending school. Since January, the attendance in the school - which has 426 students on its books - has been over 60%. The numbers are a marked changed from barely a couple of years ago, when the 30-40 students attended classes at the same school in 2009-10.Roshan, now in class IX, has been studying in the same school at Sarju since 2005. He vividly remembers the instances when the school was set on fire in 2007 and a landmine was recovered from beneath the veranda. \"At times, only a handful of students came to school and we often had to return home because no one turned up,\" he remembered.Once considered a 'liberated zone' and the de facto capital of Maoist territory, Sarju is slowly but steadily slipping out of the control of rebels and normalcy is returning to the hill region. Ever since Jharkhand came into being in 2000, Sarju village, a hilly and forested area, was overtaken by rebels. Maoist attacks were almost the order and villagers were barred from visiting any government facility. On some occasions, the rebels even laid landmines to stop the locals from attending welfare programmes. In 2003, the police lodged an FIR against almost every villager accusing them of being Maoist supporters. Not a single vote was cast in the Sarju polling booth in the 2009 general elections as the Maoist had called for poll boycott.The face of the village started changing since the government began its area dominance programme by establishing security camps across the region. While deployment of security forces at Koney, Oreya and Sarju, the authorities significantly reduced incidents of violence. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's announcing of Integrated Action Plan (IAP) also convinced the villagers not to flee the region.These days, local women visit primary health centres for treatment and pregnant women give birth in government hospitals. One assistant nurse, who originally hails from Bihar, said she is not scared to live near the PHC any more - she even opens her gates for any patient late at night. Farmers work their fields to save their crops from the drought and they are eagerly awaiting development packages to reach the region.The villagers, who once were staunch supporters of the Red brigade, have decided to give their luck a chance. \"Though we fear that the area will again be taken over by the Maoists as soon as these camps are dismantled, we decided to stay back and see if some livelihood opportunities are made available to the villagers under IAP,\" said Md Taufid, a septuagenarian.Some of the villagers, unwilling to be identified, still praised the Maoists and expressed doubts over the intentions of security forces and assurances given by government. \"How can we expect any development in this region when the government did nothing for us before the 1990s, when the area hardly had any Maoists,\" argued an old tribal. He said he wants these camps removed and blames the security forces for the souring relationship between the villagers and the Maoists.Since January police have arrested over two dozen Maoists - including some top leaders like Pramod Paswan alias Pakur jee. Some Maoist supporters have also been arrested along with a couple of activists of the splinter groups. A large number of Maoist sympathizers have fled their homes and belongings fearing arrest. Villagers claim that they have gone out in search of jobs because of the drought condition.SDPO Burwadih Mani Lal Mandal admitted that most of the top Reds have fled to the neighbouring Chhattisgarh and some have even entered the Baresarh region. \"We have to establish similar security camps in Baresarh region and instill a sense of confidence among the villagers in this part of the district so that the rebels cannot create a new safe haven for themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375542", "title": "Year after cave-in, BMC yet to fix Dharavi bridge", "text": "MUMBAI: It's been over a year since the Sion-Dharavi-Mahim bridge collapsed, but the civic body has not been able to get it repaired till now.Angered by this, more than 100 locals blocked a key junction on Dharavi 60 Feet Road for 45 minutes on Wednesday, demanding that the civic body start reconstruction of the bridge at the earliest. They argued that the delay would cause them huge problems during Ganeshotsav as at least 2,000 mandals use the road during the festival.As the blockade took place in the afternoon, it did not have a huge impact on traffic. Still, some motorists had to face difficulties in covering the stretch.The bridge that runs over the Dadar-Dharavi nullah was built in 1991. On August 6, 2011, a portion of the bridge collapsed after the foundation wall on which it rested caved in. Since then, traffic has been diverted to the parallel Sion-Mahim bridge.While the bridge was constructed by the public works department, it was handed over to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) in 1993 for maintenance.\"The bridge is important as it is uses by traffic coming from Tulsi Pipe Road, Sion, Dharavi and Bandra junction. It should have been repaired by now, but the civic body does not seem to be bothered at all,\" said Muttu Thevar, a Shiv Sena vibhag pramukh in Dharavi.Expressing concern over the situation that might arise during Ganeshotsav due to non-availability of the bridge and the consequent traffic chaos on the parallel one, Sridhar Mhatre of a Mahim (E) Ganpati mandal said: \"People faced a lot of problems during Ganpati last year as the bridge was shut. But we thought that the troubles would not last long as the bridge would be ready before the 2012 festival. However, that has not happened and we are in for more difficulties this year.\" Incidentally, locals had protested outside the local ward office twice earlier.The G-North (Dadar west) ward office has sent at least three letters being sent to the central agency asking it to repair the bridge, but to no avail.Officials said the tender for reconstruction of the bridge was ready. \"It took some time to finalize the design as the initial plan was rejected. Work will start after the monsoon,\" said a bridge department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16373321", "title": "US envoy to Libya killed in violence over film on Prophet Mohammed", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States' ambassador to Libya and three other American personnel were killed on Tuesday when fundamentalist mobs, purportedly enraged by a film mocking the Prophet Mohammed, attacked the US consulate in Benghazi on a day that also marked the 11th anniversary of 9/11.Angry crowds swept over US missions in Libya and Egypt after excerpts of the film, derisively titled Innocence of Muslims, and ridiculing the Prophet, surfaced on the Internet. The US ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens , who helped the Libyan opposition overthrow the Gaddafi regime and was visiting the US consulate in Benghazi at the time of the violence, is said to have died after he was injured in a rocket attack from a nearby farm. A US foreign service officer and two other US marines assigned to protect them were also reported killed in the incident.President Obama expressed outrage at the attack and ordered increased security for US diplomatic posts across the world, even as the episode became fodder for campaign politics in the US. The President was pilloried by Republican candidate Mitt Romney and others for a weak-kneed response to the attacks, with calls from right-wingers to the administration to wield a \"big stick.\"Soon after, Obama pledged that the attackers would be brought to justice. \"We will not waver in our commitment to see that justice will be done,\" he said in a statement from the White House Rose Garden that reminded one of the way in which Washington hunted down the Lockerbie bombers and Osama bin Laden . \"Make no mistake, justice will be done.\"Earlier, the Obama administration reeled back initial comments from lower level functionaries that sought to understand the rationale for the attacks, condemned the provocation for it, and ended up seeming to validate the violence. The comments, which officials later said were \"not cleared by Washington and does not reflect the views of the United States government,\" were overwritten by strong condemnation of the violence from President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.\"Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the Internet. The United States deplores any intentional effort to denigrate the religious beliefs of others. But let me be clear: There is never any justification for violent acts of this kind,\" Hillary Clinton said in a statement.President Obama echoed similar sentiments, saying that while the US rejects efforts to denigrate the religious beliefs of others...\"There is absolutely no justification for this type of senseless violence. None.\"The initial US reaction to the violence read as follows: \"The Embassy of the United States in Cairo condemns the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims -- as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions. Respect for religious beliefs is a cornerstone of American democracy. We firmly reject the actions by those who abuse the universal right of free speech to hurt the religious beliefs of others.\"Evidently, the statement, issued in Cairo in response to the violence there, came before the scale of the violence was known and news emerged of the killing of the US ambassador in neighboring Libya. In fact, the State Department first announced the death of a single unnamed person. It was only hours later that word emerged of Ambassador Stevens' death. Ironically, Stevens' was the US envoy to opposition forces that overthrew long-time Libyan dictator Moamar Gaddafi.Both President Obama and Secretary Clinton absolved the Libyan government and the people for the attack, with the latter saying it was carried out by a \"small, savage group.\"Meanwhile, the Israeli-American real estate developer-turned-film maker Sam Bacile, who made the provocative movie, went into hiding in the US. Quickly dubbed \"imBacile\" on social media, he was reported by the Israeli news channels Ynet as having raised $ 5 million from 100 Jewish donors to make the movie, the trailer of which revealed it to be thoroughly mediocre and tacky.The 52-year old Bacile said he had made the two-hour movie in three months in California last year, working with about 60 actors and 45 crew members. He was quoted as saying he produced the film to call attention to what he perceived were the \"hypocrisies\" of Islam. \"Islam is a cancer,\" he said in a Wall Street Journal interview. \"The movie is a political movie. It's not a religious movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16377948", "title": "Candidates show scant regard for Allahabad University poll norms", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The code of conduct for student's union elections of the Allahabad University may have come into effect from Tuesday, right after the authorities announced the poll notification, but it seems to have no effect on candidates who have put up banners, posters and hoardings meant for canvassing all over the university and its surroundings.The campus is heaped with posters and banners of candidates despite the fact that AU authorities have announced the election programme and displaying these banners on and around the campus is a violation of norms laid down in the recommendations of the Lyngdoh committee and that of the newly approved constitution of AU student elections. The violation of guidelines continues on the campus despite the fact that recently the varsity authorities had clearly told candidates to remove hoardings, banners and posters failing which action would be initiated against them leaving even to cancellation of their candidature.But making mockery of the varsity authorities' diktat, the candidates and their supporters have left their mark on various spots at AU, including the Union Hall, entrance of the Science faculty, besides major crossings of the city. At all the major crossings in the city there seems to be a 'banner war' in progress in which none of the aspirants wants to be lag behind his opponent, paying no heed to the guidelines of the Lyngdoh committee recommendations to keep poll expense within prescribed limits.One of the candidates has pasted his poster, a photocopy, at one of the buildings of the Physics department (Photography) in the Science faculty. Many have put up huge hoardings at various important crossings of the city, with scant regard to the fact that AU authorities don't allow candidates spend more than Rs 5000 on canvassing.Those associated with the process of holding elections had said they would make a video of AU and its surroundings to see who all have put up their posters, banners and hoardings but the authorities are caught up in other official work.Chief proctor, on being asked to comment, said, \"All information in this regard would be given by the returning officer.\" Likewise, the public relation officer said, \"We are busy with meetings and other official work, so cannot comment.\"Sources say the chief proctor along with his team did visit the Union Hall and different adjoining roads of AU and made a video of the posters, banners and hoardings put up at places like Holland hall, KPUC and areas up to Lala Chungi. The authorities are expected to hold the same exercise in the coming days visiting the science faculty on September 13, added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376199", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation hospital found flouting environment norms", "text": "PUNE: Private hospitals found disposing biomedical waste in the open are fined by the Pune Municipal Corporation. It also threatens the doctors with legal action. But when it comes to monitoring its own hospitals, the civic body does not practice what it preaches.Biomedical waste ( BMW ) like surgical hand-gloves, gauze, cotton swabs and blood stained bandages generated at the PMC-run Kamla Nehru Hospital in Mangalwar Peth were found in a garbage container along with regular garbage. By doing this, the hospital has not only flouted environmental norms, but has indulged in unscientific disposal which poses serious health hazards to those handling the waste.The unscientific disposal came to light after a few vigilant citizens contacted the TOI complaining about the unhealthy practice which they claimed has been on for many days now.When this reporter visited the hospital on Wednesday, the garbage container placed inside the hospital's premises had blood-stained surgical hand-gloves, cotton swabs, bandages, needles, medicines mixed with dry and wet garbage.\"The PMC imposes fine on private hospitals if they are found disposing biomedical waste in the surrounding in an unscientific manner. It remains to be seen what action the PMC administration will initiate against its own people,\" said an alert citizen.A few months ago, the PMC had imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on a nursing home in Market Yard for gross mismanagement of biomedical waste. Besides, the civic body decided to stop lifting waste from 35 hospitals that refused to comply with the norms for treatment and incineration of hospital waste. \"We fined this nursing home in Market Yard because the waste at this hospital was not segregated and some of it was also found lying in the surroundings, which can pose danger to human health,\" R R Pardeshi, the then health chief of PMC, had said when TOI had contacted him for a comment.S T Pardeshi, the present medical officer of health, PMC, said, \"Throwing biomedical waste in regular garbage bin is absolutely unacceptable. We will investigate the lapse and whosoever is responsible will be punished.\"It is mandatory for all clinical establishments to obtain authorisation under Bio Medical Waste (management and handling) Rules, 1998, and amendment thereof. It is also compulsory for them to submit an undertaking and treat the biomedical waste generated at their units as per the Act. The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board is responsible for effective implementation of the norms.\"The rules for handling and management of biomedical waste are stringent. It does not spare anybody. If the PMC hospital is found at fault we will serve a show-cause notice to them. Our officials will visit the hospital and check their biomedical waste generation records,\" said A D Mohekar, regional officer of the MPCB.The common biomedical waste treatment facility located at Kailas crematorium scientifically treats and incinerates hazardous bio-medical waste generated at hospitals and clinics in Pune and charges a certain amount for the services. Subscribing to the facility is mandatory for all clinical establishments under the Bio Medical Waste (management and handling) Rules, 1998 and amendment thereof.PASSCO Environment Solution Pvt Ltd, a service providing company runs this facility on behalf of Pune Municipal Corporation.Considering serious lapses in the disposal and management of biomedical waste generated by clinical establishments in the region, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), on Supreme Court's directive, prepared a region-wise inventory of all biomedical waste generating units. The move helped consolidate the surveillance system of the board in respect of biomedical waste. It has brought every hospital, clinic and diagnostic centre on the list of the board, following which it has become possible to keep a tab on the biomedical waste generated at these units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16378238", "title": "Eye camp to screen kids for poor vision", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Ganjam administration will launch Bal Jyoti, a visual screening and treatment programme for schoolchildren.The programme, aimed to provide free treatment facilities to schoolchildren with poor vision through health camps at the block-level, will be undertaken by the Sarva Sikshya Abhiyan (SSA), District Red Cross Society and District Blindness Control Society (DBCS). The year-long programme, the first of its kind in the state, is expected to cost around Rs 50 lakh, said a senior officer.Berhampur-based Ecos Eye Hospital has agreed to train school teachers to help them screen students with poor vision. The first training started at the hospital on Wednesday where 60 people, mostly teachers of four out of 22 blocks, were trained.District collector Krishan Kumar said a dedicated mobile ophthalmic unit, equipped with sophisticated equipment and eye experts and paramedical staff will be posted at the camps. At least five camps will be held in each block, he said, adding that the first camp will be held at Chhatrapur on September 24.Medicines and spectacles will be provided to children free of cost. The district administration will tie up with the MKCG Medical College and Hospital here and the LV Prasad Eye Hospital, Bhubaneswar, for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16375190", "title": "Nani formally joins YSR Congress", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Without giving up his membership in the assembly, the TDP legislator Kodali Sri Venkateswara Rao alias Nani formally joined the YSR Congress Party in the presence of YS Vijayamma at a huge public meeting held at Pamarru on Wednesday. Nani said that no force on earth could stop Jaganmohan Reddy from becoming the chief minister in the 2014 elections.He said that people were overwhelmingly backing the YSR Congress and they were eager to see YSRCP form the next government in the state. Lashing out at his former boss Chandrababu Naidu, Nani said that people were not prepared to believe even if he undertook 100 padayatras. He said that Naidu had lost credibility even among his own party cadres and asked as to how the people would put faith in him.\"Naidu would resort to all sorts of dramas to grab power. He is coming out with BC declaration, SC declaration and so on. He is not realising that people have already prepared a declaration not to make Naidu chief minister again as he would never do what he promises,\" Nani thundered amidst cheering and shouting of the crowd. Kodali Nani said that he was suspended from the party because of his meeting with Vijayamma and he had decided to be with Vijayamma and Jagan as long as he would be in public life.Along with Nani, former TDP politburo member Uppuleti Kalpana and former ZP chairman Kukkala Nageswara Rao also joined the YSR Congress. Lashing out at TDP policies, Curiously, Kukkala Nageswara Rao, sambandhi of revenue minister Raghuveera Reddy, criticized the Congress regime for taxing commoners. Senior YSRCP leader Gattu Ramachandra Rao said that the day was not far away for the Congress party to openly apologise to Jaganmohan Reddy. District party president Samineni Udayabhanu, senior leaders YV Subbareddy, Vasireddi Padma and other leaders present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375944", "title": "Amputee moves HC for damages from Rlys", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman, who lost her leg after being pushed out of a train during a robbery bid in June, has moved the Bombay HC seeking medical treatment and compensation from Indian Railways.A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani on Wednesday issued a notice to the railways asking them to respond to the petition filed by the Bhiwandi resident, Bhavika Mehta.\"The railways should treat this incident on a par with a train accident and provide compensation and rehabilitate the victim,\" said advocate Uday Warunjikar, who is representing Bhavika. \"The attack took place inside a train and it is the railways' duty to ensure protection of passengers,\" he added.On the night of June 5, Bhavika was returning from a holiday in Kashmir with her relatives and had boarded the Golden Mail Express from Amritsar. She woke up in the middle of the night when a thief tried to snatch her purse. Bhavika confronted the thief, who dragged her out of the train.Her foot got crushed under the train's wheels as it was slowing near Ambala station. Subsequently, Bhavika's left leg was amputated. According to her plea, the railways offered no medical aid or help. The Mehtas have spent Rs 3 lakh on her treatment and may be required to shell out an additional Rs 6 lakh, the petition claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378900", "title": "Clerk, aide in Lokayukta net", "text": "INDORE: Special Establishment of Police (Lokayukta) arrested an upper divisional clerk taking Rs 2,000 bribe through his accomplice here on Wednesday. Lokayukta Superintendent of Police (SP) Virendra Singh informed that the complainant Vineet Tiwari needed to transfer the house of his maternal aunt to his name and the upper division clerk of Housing Board Corporation, Indore Rameshwar Parmar was allegedly demanding money for the same. Vineet Tiwari is the student of MGM College, said the SP.Following the complaint, lokayukta cops laid a trap. In the morning, Vineet went to meet the accused clerk with all the documents as per his instruction. After verifying the document, he sent Vineet to one of his aide Mukesh Nayak who took Rs 2,000 from Vineet. Police immediately arrested Mukesh with the money and later arrested the clerk as well, Singh said, adding that both have been booked under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376414", "title": "Call centre employee held for abducting minor girl", "text": "PUNE: The Bharati Vidyapeeth police on Monday arrested a 34-year-old call centre employee for allegedly abducting a 10-year-old girl after offering her a lift on his motorcycle.However, some alert residents in Sukhsagarnagar noticed the man, later identified as Nitin Maruti Nanaware of Ambegaon, taking the girl towards an under-construction building in the area. \"On questioning the girl, they came to know that she did not know Nanaware. They immediately nabbed him and handed him over to the police,\" said Sunil Yadav, inspector of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station.Yadav said Nanaware has criminal background and had molested minor girls earlier. \"He has four cases registered against him at Swargate and Sahakarnagar police stations,\" Yadav added.Sub-inspector Dwarika Dokhe, who is investigating the case, said that around 8 pm on Monday, the girl and her eight-year-old brother were going to their uncle's house in Sukhsagarnagar. Nanaware approached them and offered to drop them at their uncle's house. \"After riding a few metres, Nanaware told the boy to get down and went ahead with the girl on the motorcycle,\" Dokhe said.He then told the girl to show him a temple in the area. \"The local residents nabbed him while he was entering the building with the girl,\" Dokhe said.Yadav said Nanaware works as a supervisor in a call centre. \"He has been booked under section 363 (kidnapping) and 366 (A) (procreation of minor girl) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375962", "title": "Canada turns page, wants to sell nuclear reactors to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Canada wants to sell nuclear reactors to India. Putting behind a troubled nuclear history with India, Canadian foreign minister John Baird said, \"We have turned the page with India. India is a very different country today.\" With Canada emerging as an energy superpower, buoyed by a thriving economy, the minister said, \"We value and welcome Indian investment in natural resources and energy.\"Baird is in New Delhi to meet foreign minister S M Krishna and prepare for a November summit visit by Canadian PM Stephen Harper.A nuclear deal between Canada and India signed in 2010 is yet to be operationalized, waiting for a follow-up end-user agreement. After meeting Baird on Wednesday, Krishna said, \"We also look forward to early completion of negotiations on Appropriate Arrangements for the bilateral Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement signed in 2010.\"Acknowledging that the agreement was \"actively discussed\", Baird said, \"We're readying an end-user pact with India, same thing we have with 42 countries. We're not asking for or imposing any additional obligations on India.\"Canada is emerging as a favourite source for energy and resources for India. New Delhi wants to buy oil and gas from Canada especially after abundant oil finds from its tar sands. Baird said Canada was ready to supply oil and gas to India from its oilfields in the west as well as the east. India is trying to use Canada as a route to ship out US oil and gas as well.The two nations are also working on a bilateral investment protection pact and a comprehensive economic partnership agreement. Baird said, \"This is very important for Canadian firms and investors.\"With separatist Khalistan activities growing in parts of Canada, both nations are teaming up to fight terrorism. Baird said, \"Our political director has been here, meeting officials. Our two countries have the same end while fighting terrorism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16378451", "title": "Govt to launch drive in eight Jharkhand districts to prevent trafficking", "text": "RANCHI: In an attempt to prevent trafficking and unsafe migration from the districts, the Jharkhand Police and the state welfare department will be launching a programme next month called Sankalp in collaboration with NGOs like the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh and Action Against Trafficking, Sexual Exploitation of Children and Women (ATSEC).The districts that will be covered in this programme (between October 4 and 24) will be Simdega, Gumla, Lohardaga, Khunti, Ranchi, West Singbhum, Chaibasa and Dumka. \"We are starting with Simdega, one of the key districts where trafficking is rampant. Our aim is to coordinate with all stakeholders like public prosecutors and district board members. Our target groups are panchayati raj institution members. These people at the grassroots know their area and the people. We want to sensitize them and create awareness,\" said Sanjay Mishra, member, State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights and state convener of ATSEC.He added, \"Awareness will be created through films and documentaries and we will also make people aware of the laws regarding trafficking. If it is successful in these eight districts, then we will try to implement it in other districts also.\"Lauding the efforts of the police department, he said it plays an important role because it is they who help rescue girls. \"At the police station it's the reader (munsi) to whom people go and register their complaints. So we have decided to sensitize them. Our aim is to rescue at least 70 trafficked girls. We have information that many of them are languishing in Haryana and other areas.\"Mishra said they want to make girls aware that they have as much right to lead a life of dignity as others. \"We also need to keep a check on girls who get trapped between middlemen and placement agencies in cities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16378913", "title": "Dasara registration goes online this year", "text": "MYSORE: This season, ensure your participation in Dasara cultural events without any hassles. Unlike previous years, you can now register your names online and the icing on the cake is it is free of cost.The facility has been launched by Mysore Dasara committee with an intention to save time and improve efficiency.It will also set aside travelling time and cost of the participants.Mysore Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya said they have already received 82 online applications in three days. The facility will be open 24x7 and entries can be sent anytime.Explaining the reasons that prompted the authorities to launch the facility, he said an aged woman along with her granddaughter had come to the city from Bidar to submit application. They wanted participate in the Hindustani classical musical programme and were waiting outside the palace board from early in the morning. This made us think of making the entire process hassle-free, he said.\"Sanjay of the Software Guru has designed the website. It takes only 30 minutes to register names. Online procedure will help bifurcate applications easily according to various categories. Instead of 14 persons, now it needs only two or three persons to separate the entries,\" he said.Earlier, those who wish to take part in events had to submit applications to the deputy commissioner's office and the palace board.\"Every year, we receive around 5,000 to 6,000 applications. Dasara committee officials will select the participants based on their eligibility and experience. Any decision on the selection will be communicated through online,\" he said.The same procedure will be continued if this experiment proves successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16379202", "title": "Maharashtra's Tadoba reserve records 65 tigers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In an encouraging development, the tiger population in and around Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) has been shown to be going steady with 65 big cats being reported to be inhabiting this wildlife belt, forest officials have claimed.There are at least 65 tigers in the area, excluding the 20 odd cubs sighted in the area, which is quite encouraging, TATR chief conservator of forests and field director Veerendra Tiwari told PTI.The figure has been reached after the tiger monitoring exercise held in the reserve between April 1 and May 31, 2012, during which the movements of felines in various parts under TATR were monitored by as many as 94 camera traps, Tiwari said.\"There are a minimum of 43 tigers in TATR while at least 20 carnivores are present in buffer area (around the core reserve), besides presence of two animals being reported in the adjoining FDCM (Forest development corporation of Maharashtra) area,\" he said.Spread over 625 sq kms of area, TATR is known for high density tiger population.On the accuracy of the census, Tiwari said even the figures on population census at the national level might not be accurate point-to-point, despite the fact that people have a specific address, locality and other details for contact. It is likely that some individuals might miss the census drive for some reasons or the other.\"In case of a tiger, it is free to roam in any area of its choice and its territory ranges from 35 to 50 sq kms and hence, none can be sure to trap it in the cameras installed for the purpose until the animal sticks to its usual trail or track,\" he stressed.\"All that I can claim is that there are a minimum of 65 tigers in the territory,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16378641", "title": "Guwahati roads waterlogged", "text": "GUWAHATI: Heavy rains on Tuesday waterlogged AT Road, GNB Road, Lamb Road, Zoo Road, GS Road and many by lanes in the city on Tuesday.\"Artificial floods have become a big cause of concern for city residents. Though it did not rain for long on Tuesday, all the busy roads got submerged. The Guwahati Development department is to be blamed for the mess,\" said Ratul Baishya, a school teacher.People who were returning home from their offices faced great difficulties as many places remained under water till late evening. Heavy traffic jam was witnessed across the city. Experts say the water carrying capacity of the arterial drains along the busy roads needs to be enhanced to get rid of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376963", "title": "On the adventure trail", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This is a bikers' group with a difference, whose members inspire others to drive safe. Comprising youngsters from Panjab University and other colleges, the group called 'Team Addicted to Bikes' was started by Rahul Malhotra, from PU's french department along with several other young biking enthusiasts.The group has been actively spreading awareness messages about road safety along with a host of NGOs and the UT traffic wing. \"We have been very actively associated with the Chandigarh traffic police and other social groups to spread the word among youths on how to drive safely and avoid danger on roads,\" says Angad Singh, a student of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), PU.Others in the group include Nitish Raizadam and Chetan Gupta from Chandigarh University, Sartaj Virk and Samandeep Singh, both from Doaba College.\"Most of us in the group are individual or group champions in various biking events on the national and state level. However along with our practice sessions and our passion for biking, we ensure that youngsters get the message about driving safely. In July 2012, we participated in a mass awareness rally on road safety,\" informs Malhotra.The team members practice at lesser crowded roads in the university's south campus and on roads that have dead ends. \"We first make sure that we ourselves adhere to safety norms and always wear our knee guards, gloves and head gear,\" says Gupta.\"The first 5-10 seconds after an accident are very crucial in terms of protecting oneself. We have been addressing the common public about how to deal with a situation in case one meets with an accident. Instead of getting scared, we educate others about what all is to be done as a precaution to avoid more harm during out awareness drives,\" says Angad.The group has also prepared a list of dos and don'ts, while driving on the road and have been educating others on these.\"We have done 42 road shows in India with a top automobile company as our chief sponsor. We have also done shows in Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal and Uttar Pradesh,\" says Malhotra.Two riders in this group are also associated with Rotaract Club and a few years ago they travelled throughout India in a 25- day event covering 8,800 km to spread the message on polio eradication. Driving across 21 states and 3 UTs, two former UIET students, Gaurav Gupta and Deepak Sharma, who are a part of this biking group, did their buddies proud.The group has also been driving across Chail, Shimla and Kufri, besides other places uphill on adventure trips. \"Every Sunday we train at different locales and our group is open for anyone who wants to be a part of it. We meet either at PU or the Sector 10 leisure valley.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "saranda", "code": "16379408", "title": "CRPF should procure consumables from local markets: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "SARANDA: Union minister Jairam Ramesh on Wesdensday asked Jharkhand government to ensure 100 per cent purchase of consumables including vegetable and poultry products for security forces from local villagers. The orders were given during the visit to Digha village here for the inauguration of Integrated Watershed Management Programme with seniors officers of Jharkhand.\"The state government ensures 100 per cent supply of vegetable and poultry from local villages as this will bring economic revolution in the life of the villagers of Saranda,\" said Ramesh.He directed state principal secretary of water resources department SK Satpathy to cover all the 73 villagers under watershed management programme at the earliest so that the farmers are able to grow at least two crops a year and in future even supply food grain to the camps of security forces not only in Saranda but also neighbouring places of West Singhhum. \"I have asked the CRPF DIG to provide the list of requirement to the local district administration so that they prepare an inventory and start supplying almost every thing used by the security men at the earliest,\" said Ramesh.He said \"The government should focus on improving the economic condition of people living in Saranda. I feel that the producrement of daily use commodity from the villagers will be of great help,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16375678", "title": "Central Zoo Authority 's doublespeak on circus elephant to fore", "text": "NAGPUR: It's a classic case of how the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), a statutory body monitoring zoos and circuses in India, functions. First, the CZA issued orders to seize the Amar Circus elephant as it was not legally owned. But before any action could be taken, it itself legalized ownership with the circus owner.The fact came to light when owner of Amar Circus Chandrakant Gadge sought to know under the RTI Act about list of circuses in India and record of elephants with these circuses, including their identification (microchip number).Interestingly, acting on a complaint by animal rights leader Maneka Gandhi , a CZA team did spot inspection of the circus on June 25 at Nagpur and had submitted a report on July 25. The CZA report, copy of which is with TOI, states that the female elephant Padma is ill-treated. The team found fault on 13 counts, including the animal's upkeep.The report said Padma was in illegal possession of the circus owner violating Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. The eight-member committee recommended the state's chief wildlife warden to seize the elephant immediately and send it to the rehabilitation centre where the animal would receive better care and get natural environment.Besides, the circus owner was also asked to be booked by the chief wildlife warden and Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI). The AWBI was even told to cancel registration of Amar Circus. The CZA had also threatened to initiate legal action against the circus owner for concealing information about three elephants that had eventually died earlier.In between, Gadge made several trips to the CZA, Delhi, to comply with conditions put forth by the committee in its report. On July 23, Gadge filed an RTI application seeking information on circuses and elephants housed in these circuses.On August 13, in its reply, the CZA said there are 24 circuses operating in the country housing 84 elephants. Padma of Amar Circus also figured in the list, indicating the CZA had legalized its possession with Gadge. It seems the paper work was done between July 5 and 23. On one hand the CZA recommended action but on the other hand legalized the elephant ownership.The RTI also revealed that some circuses like Jumbo, Moonlight, Gemini, Empire and Famous had more than five elephants. Sources said not all elephants were well kept. Yet, no action has been taken against these owners but Amar Circus was threatened with legal action.Naresh Kadyan of People for Animals (PFA), Haryana, says elephant is a Schedule I animal under the Wildlife Act and its ownership cannot be exchanged for winning bread and butter and performances. The CZA has no answers to it.\"The decision must have been taken by the member-secretary,\" said B K Gupta, monitoring and evaluation officer with CZA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373850", "title": "1% lower rate for some, 11% for others", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The opposition Congress submitted a list of objections to recent civic works listed in the weekly agenda of the standing committee. One of them is the road construction work in Shilaj and Thaltej areas of the city.Interestingly, it was in February that the road contract was awarded to a contractor at a 1.1% reduced rate. However, the opposition alleges that the new road contracts for these areas this month are being awarded at 11.11% reduced rates.Congress opposition Badhruddin Sheikh says, \"One wonders how in the beginning of year the tender was awarded at 1.1% reduced rates while this month it further goes down to 11.11%. At a time when price of raw materials are on the rise how can the AMC award road contracts at reduced rates. What about the road contracts in February,\" says Sheikh.In another work the opposition has raised objections to parking contracts.The stretch near Rajasthan Hospital is supposed to be turned into a pay-and-park zone. In 2010, while bringing out a tender, the AMC had stated an upset value of Rs 3.75 lakh. No one came forward to take the contract work. \"This year again when the same stretch was put out for contract the upset value was quoted to be Rs 2.5 lakh,\" says Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374895", "title": "Uninsured vehicles: Govt reply sought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the Centre, Delhi government and Delhi police to respond to a plea against allowing uninsured vehicles to ply on roads. A bench of acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought the replies by October 13.The bench was hearing a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) seeking directions to authorities to \"effectively\" implement the provisions of Motor Vehicles Act 1988. The petition alleged the authorities deliberately neglect the provisions of the Act and do not prosecute the owner or driver for plying uninsured vehicles.\"The respondents permit the uninsured vehicles to ply on the road in breach of law and thereafter neither prosecute the owner or driver nor seize or auction the offending vehicle,\" said the plea.The petition also sought directions to compensate the road mishap victims, suffering losses due to non-implementation of the MV Act. The PIL was filed by the family members of a 48-year-old man, Dinesh Sehgal, who had died in a road accident in August last year when he was hit by an uninsured tractor.Sehgal's family has sought compensation for his death. The family asked the court to direct respondents \"to explain measures adopted by them since 2009 to curb the menace of uninsured vehicles on roads\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16379275", "title": "HC notice to Sanskriti school for not admitting two EWS pupils", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday issued notices to the city government and Sanskriti School on a plea of man challenging denial of admission to his two children under the economically weaker section (EWS) quota.A bench of justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Vipin Sanghi also sought responses of Directorate of Education (DoE) and Land and Development department to the man's plea and slated it for hearing on September 24.East Delhi resident Anit Kumar Bahuty in his plea said his son Aniket and daughter Sweta have been \"illegally\" denied admission by Sanskriti school in classes VI and IV respectively in academic year 2012-13.\"The school is situated on a public land allotted by the L&DO; against Rs one only as annual rent with the condition that it will provide admission to the children of economically weaker section to the extent of 25 per cent (of its intake capacity) and grant them free-ship\".\"Despite the fact that the school in this academic year has taken 8 fresh admissions in both classes IV and VI but no student under EWS category has been admitted which is illegal and in breach of the conditions for land allotment\", said Ashok Agarwal, the counsel for Bahuty.The petition alleged that the decision of the school was in violation of an earlier judgement of the court and the DoE guidelines which provided for admissions of EWS category students to schools, built on subsidised government land.The school earlier had taken the plea that the vacancies in class IV and VI were filled by the wards of the government servants who came to Delhi on transfer and there was no vacancy under the EWS category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16379456", "title": "Where will the baby of working couple stay after coming from school?", "text": "INDORE: It seems that relying over neighbours for working couple, to arrange their child to stay for few hours, is not secure option for their baby. In a horrendous incident the police have arrested one Jitendra Jajpuria, 22 for harassing a 5- year- old child.The child harassed is a neighbour of the accused. Incidentally both the parents of the juvenile are office goers and return late in the evening, hence they had no time to look after the kid in the second half of the day untill evening. To solve the problem they had arranged for the kid to be looked after by their neighbours post his school hours. For this, the couple used to pay Rs 1,000 per month to their neighbours.While talking to TOI the child's father divulged the details, \"Yesterday, when I came at around 7 pm, we became busy in our routine activities. At around 10 pm, when we were going to bed the kid started crying out of pain. It created doubt to us as the kid had complained of similar a pain few days ago. When we talked to the child in detail, we came to understand the seriousness of the matter.''The couple immediately reached to Bhanwarkuan police station and lodged a complaint. After investigation and medical check up of the victim, police booked the accused under section 377 (voluntarily having carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal) and 506 (Punishment for criminal intimidation) of IPC and arrested him.The incident is a clear example of social breech of trust wherein one cannot afford to trust people easily.The victim's father added that the old couple KC Jajpujia and his wife( whose son is the accused in the present case) are nice people and they usually take care of the child. They have three children among which two including a son and a daughter live in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376865", "title": "Collector rates to shoot by 10%", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Property registration is set to get costlier. The Chandigarh administration has decided to revise collector rates by 10% in the next week.The neighbouring cities of Panchkula and Mohali had recently hiked the rate by 20%. UT decided 10% increase, as the property rates are already very high in the city.A senior UT officer said, \"We do not want the hike to be more than 10%, as property rates here are much more than in Panchkula and Mohali. Besides, a higher increase will discourage buyers. The rates will be revised for both residential and commercial properties. The revision will be uniform throughout the city.\"Deputy commissioner Mohammed Shahin said, \"The 10% increase is based on the average of the recent registries.\"At present, collector rate for residential premises is Rs 49,920 per square yard. The charges in rural areas that come under the municipal corporation are Rs 6,240 per square yard. And villages falling under the jurisdiction of UT administration have to pay Rs 4,160 per square yard.Earlier, the collector rates were revised in August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16374790", "title": "One more held for Delhi cop\u2019s murder", "text": "ROHTAK: A head constable with Haryana police, accused in the murder of a Delhi cop, has been arrested. Devender, a Delhi Police constable, was shot inside a car and his body was dumped in a canal near Jhajjar last month.A Jhajjar court has remanded Sandesh Kumar, posted at Sampla police station, in five-day police custody. Jhajjar police has declared a reward of Rs 1 lakh on Deepak alias Khillu, the prime accused in the murder, who is still at large. Police teams have been conducting raids in neighbouring states and various places in Haryana to track him down.Bahadurgarh police SHO Vijay Dahiya said Sandesh's interrogation can reveal important information related to the case. \"The case has got strong with his arrest. We hope to piece together some more evidence\", he said.The third accused, Ankit Kumar, who was arrested on September 6, was sent to judicial custody on completion of interrogation on Wednesday. Cops had recovered a pistol and a blood-stained shirt on the basis of information provided by him.The trio harboured a grudge against Devender and had killed him on August 28.His body was recovered two days later and cremated in Rohtak after police declared it \"unclaimed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16377143", "title": "Youth stalked girl for a month before murder, say police", "text": "PUNE: A 19-year-old youth was arrested on Wednesday for the murder of tenth standard student Pooja Jadhav (16) at Pashan on Saturday. The youth, Akash Koli, had been stalking Pooja for the last one month but she was unaware of this, the police said.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said Koli, who lives at Nimhan chawl in Pashan, is a school dropout who works as a sweeper in the housekeeping section of a private company . \"Around 7.30 pm on Saturday, he stopped Pooja as she was returning home from her tuition class and proposed marriage to her. He also asked her to elope with him. Pooja, who was taken aback, turned down his request. Koli then gagged her by stuffing grass into her mouth and smothered her to death with his hands,\" he said.To confirm that Pooja had died, Koli scratched her body with a drawing compass that she had in her school bag, Bansode said. Koli pocketed the girl's cell phone and fled.Pooja lived in the staff quarters of the Armament Research and Development Establishment (ARDE) at Pashan where her father works. Her body was found by her brother, Vicky, in an open grassy plot near their house around 1 pm on Sunday.The Chatushrungi police had initially registered a case of accidental death. However, after receiving the post-mortem report which stated that Pooja had died due to asphyxia, the police registered a case of murder.Inspector Sunil Pawar of the crime branch said that during investigations, he received a tip-off about Koli's involvement in the murder. He said Koli's company is located near Pooja's tuition class. \"For the last one month, Koli had been following Pooja after she left for home around 8 pm after her class. On two or three occasions, he had followed the girl right up to her house. Through all this, Pooja was unaware that she was being followed,\" he said.Pawar said Pooja's cell phone has been recovered from Koli's house. The Chaturshrungi police have taken Koli into their custody for further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16375429", "title": "NGO writes to CM for banning gutkha in UP", "text": "NOIDA: A Noida-based NGO, Hai Ummeed, has demanded in a letter to the UP CM that the state government impose a blanket ban on sale of gutkha like it has been done in Delhi. The NGO said such drastic measures need to be taken due to rise in tobacco-related illnesses among youths.\"The state exchequer may be earning a lot of revenue as taxes from the sale of this tobacco product, but the harmful effects on the health of individuals consuming this product far outweigh any monetary gains,\" said convenor of Hai Ummeed, Vineet Chaudhary. \"Schoolchildren and young adults get hooked on to tobacco early in life due to easy availability of such products but develop deadly forms of cancer later,\" he added.Chaudhary said that consumption of tobacco products is more rampant in rural belts of UP as compared to Delhi and Haryana. tnn\"The average per capita income in Uttar Pradesh is also low which makes it difficult for those afflicted with tobacco-related illnesses in the state to avail proper medical treatment,\" said Chaudhary.Earlier, several villages in Gautam Buddh Nagar had held demonstrations against the sale of the product. Villagers including Sorkha, Sarfabad and Baraula in Noida, had burnt gutkha products in these demonstrations and demanded a ban on it. \"Sale of tobacco and tobacco-related products continues to take place in Noida well within easy reach of students despite guidelines in place,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16376011", "title": "After factory fire, owner barred from leaving Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 314 people were burnt to death as fire engulfed factories in Pakistani cities of Karachi and Lahore on Wednesday.In Karachi, several people on the second and third floors prised open the metal grills and jumped out. Rescue workers said at least 68 people suffered fractures as a result. \"The death toll is 289. This is not final. Search for more bodies continues,\" said Karachi commissioner Roshan Shaikh.The factory is located in Baldia town on the outskirts of the port city. According to fire officials, many people trapped in the building died due to asphyxiation, pointing to lax safety measures and the abysmal working conditions of factory workers.\"We found many people died because of suffocation caused by the highly toxic smoke. They died first and their bodies were later consumed by the raging fire,\" said Karachi fire chief Ehtishamuddin Siddiqui.So devastating was the fire that most bodies were charred beyond recognition.\"Many of those dead can be identified only through DNA tests. It was a large garment factory that employed hundreds of people. It's difficult to assess how many have come out safely and how many failed to escape,\" said Roshan Shaikh.\"The blaze was deadly. Within minutes the fire spread to all floors. The heat was so intense that we rushed towards the windows, broke open its steel grill and jumped out,\" said Junaid Ahmed, who fractured his legs after jumping out of the third floor. \"I was the fifth person to jump and many others followed. I saw many people who had jumped out of the windows crying for help,\" Junaid said from the hospital bed.Firefighters said the building was in a precarious condition with cracks in its walls. They warned that it could collapse any time.Interior minister Rehman Malik directed Sind inspector general of police to investigate the incident and included the name of the factory's owner in the exit control list (ECL), which means he cannot travel out of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373863", "title": "Sadiq encounter: IB sleuths in CBI net too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI team investigating the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter of 2003, now believes there is more to the case than meets the eye. The agency is probing the possible involvement of some officials of central intelligence bureau (CIB), apart from Gujarat and Maharashtra police in the case.CBI sources claim that some top cops of Gujarat and Maharashtra actually handed over Sadiq to officers of the city crime branch right before he was killed in a police encounter near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda on January 13, 2003. \"Also involved in this conspiracy were some central IB officials. We have got some names in this regard. We are probing into this further to check all aspects before initiating any action,\" said sources in CBI.The probe agency is closely analyzing the statement of one of the accused in this case, Ketan Tirodkar. Tirodkar, a former journalist from Maharashtra was arrested by CBI for his involvement in this case.Tirodkar had told courts in Gujarat, Maharashtra and also the CBI that he was present when Sadiq was handed over to the Gujarat police by Mumbai's encounter-specialist police sub-inspector Daya Nayak in 2003, just days before the encounter. Tirodkar had also claimed that he had introduced Sadiq to Nayak for a job. Based on this confession CBI arrested Tirodkar in July. He is now lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail.However, CBI is now probing into a larger conspiracy involving more cops. \"Our investigations have revealed that there are several senior police officers involved in this case. Some Gujarat and Maharashtra police officials are likely to be arrested in this case,\" said a source in CBI.Gujarat high court has asked CBI to complete the investigations into this case by October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16376564", "title": "Kolkata no longer SP's lucky charm?", "text": "KOLKATA: The Samajwadi Party considers Kolkata as its lucky charm. But that does not seem to be the case this time. The SP, which organized a two-day national executive here, was also eyeing the occasion to ease its strained relations with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee but things do not appear to be going the party's way.The last SP executive committee meet was held here in 2010 to prepare for the UP assembly election. The meeting proved lucky as the party returned to power in Uttar Pradesh. The party also held meetings in Kolkata in 1993 and 1996. \"Every time it (Kolkata) has brought luck to the party. It has been an auspicious one,\" says SP general secretary Mohan Singh. But will the Bengal bastion will continue to remain lucky for the Mulayam's party remains to be seen.The party though was mum on the possibility of a meeting between Mulayam and Mamata. SP's West Bengal general secretary Kironmay Nanda said: \"Both Netaji and Akhilesh Ji have a busy schedule so it entirely depends on how the situation shapes up.\" Most of the SP leaders ducked questions on the possibility of the two meeting in Kolkata. But senior SP leaders Mohan Singh and Ram Gopal admitted that party's relations with the Trinamool Congress were not the same as they were before the presidential election. \"This is correct that our relationship is not at the same level but at the same time, it will barely take a minute to put the things rights,\" Mohan Singh said.Mamata-Mulayam bonhomie hit a low during the presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16378589", "title": "Monsoon break over, digging to resume soon", "text": "KANPUR: Brace yourselves for dirt, potholes and general commuting troubles with the third and final phase of digging under Jawahar Lal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) set to begin in the coming week. The work this time would continue till its complete, and the deadline for the laying of 134 kilometre sewer pipeline and feeder line has been fixed as September 2013.While Jal Nigam and municipal authorities are confident all work would be completed within deadlines, the history of digging work carried out under the scheme does anything but inspire confidence in citizens. The authorities concerned have taken four years to dig up 99 kilometre of the roads so far. By these standards, the target of 35 more kilometres within a year seems rather ambitious.Moreover, even if the digging is scheduled to start within the ongoing month, the tender process will delay the project for some more time as the majority of firms working under the project were earlier suspended due to poor quality work. The new tender process is expected to start from the last week of September.As per Jal Nigam's work report of JNNURM work done in the city, the majority of the projects are barely 60% complete. Around 25 kilometres of the 65 kilometre pipeline is left to be laid under the drinking water program. The feeder lying program, to be executed between Chunniganj and Parade, Rawatpur and Guttaiya, and Vijay Nagar and Galla Mandi is also about 70% complete. Around 10 kilometre of pipeline is left to be laid under the sewer pipeline wherein 59 kilometre has been laid out so far. Apart from this, 10 kilometre of feeder pipe laying and 30 kilometre of domestic pipeline laying is pending.Phase three of JNNURM work would also include construction of roads in Naveen Market, 80 feet road, and Phoolbagh, and from Vijay Nagar to Double Puliya, Rawatpur to Company Bagh, Kidwai Nagar to Bada Chauraha, as well as PAC Mod to Shyam Nagar. Despite that the fact that the digging work has caused major traffic snarls in the city, neither the municipal authorities nor the district administration have planned any alternative routes for commuters this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376617", "title": "7,000 km rural roads to be upgraded", "text": "LUCKNOW: The agriculture production commissioner (APC) Alok Ranjan on Wednesday gave approval to upgradation of 7,000 km rural roads in different parts of the state. He said work on approved project proposal should be started from next month so that public could avail benefits without any delay.Alok Ranjan issued these directives at a meeting of state-level committee held in connection with Prime Minister Rural Road Scheme headed by APC . He said if any shortcoming was found by National Quality Monitor in the newly constructed roads, then immediate solution should be provided by the working institutions concerned, thereby maintaining the quality as well. He also called for regular maintenance of roads constructed under the Prime Minister Rural Road Scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376743", "title": "State expects major investments in shipyard, food processing sectors", "text": "KOCHI: The investment pattern that is set to emerge from Emerging Kerala is expected to give sectors like food processing, tourism, education &amp; knowledge, precision farming, IT, medical and infrastructure development a strong foothold in the state.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty told TOI on the sidelines of the Emerging Kerala Global Business Connect 2012 here on Wednesday that this investment pattern would become possible with the state becoming the hub of overseas remittances (from migrant Keralites apart from foreign direct investments).\"We cannot quantify the investments at this phase, but many projects such as Rolls Royce's (UK) plan to expand its business in Cochin Shipyard by building an LNG vessel and its venture into aerospace and marine industry, and Synthite Industries plan to expand its food processing industry business in the US and China, are in the pipeline,\" said Kunhalikutty. There are 552 registered delegates here from 51 countries. In addition to this there are delegates from across the country. And many are keen to invest in the state, he added.Kerala state planning board member C P John said the state was currently focusing on industrial expansion, from shipyard to food processing, and that investments were sure to come in as Kerala was an attractive investment destination. Kerala is on the growth path with a buoyant 8.9 per cent GDP and with overseas remittance of Rs 60,000 crore, he said. Investments in food processing industry in the state would be higher than that of the manufacturing sector , he said. The state's main concern is about its labour population turning negative by 2016, and then human resources would become a priority, he said.Quoting state planning board member Tarun Das, he said though a few companies in Europe, the UK and the US were down owing to the global recession, the state would try to attract at least 10 of the best companies in those regions to invest here. NRI welfare cooperative society director Mohanan K said, non-resident Keralites were bringing in Rs 28,000 crore a year to the state and at least 10% of that should be invested for developing the agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16375167", "title": "Civil court right forum for you: HC to ex-DC exec", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice GV Seethapathi of the AP high court on Wednesday refused to entertain a civil revision petition filed by Timothy Wright, the former chief executive of Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise Deccan Chargers (DC), seeking a directive to the team management asking them to pay his dues before the franchise is put up for sale.Referring to the alleged refusal by a civil court to entertain Wright's interim plea for stalling the auction process of Deccan Chargers and also to restrain DC management from selling away their assets, the judge said that the former chief executive should have moved the same court again rather than coming to high court. The judge, however, directed the civil court to settle the matter at the earliest.S Niranjan Reddy, counsel for Wright, told the court that his client had received a favourable judgment in London High Court which has directed DC management to clear the Rs 93 crore which it owes the former chief executive. \"We filed an execution petition in the Secunderabad civil court urging it to implement the same and also sought an interim relief with a view to protecting our dues and interest,\" the counsel said.The civil court issued a notice to the DC management in the execution petition and posted the matter for hearing on October 3. The counsel said that were the team's auction to go through in the meantime, without any mention of the dues owed to Wright, it would cause irreparable loss to his client. He added that the civil court had sat on the petition filed by them for a full week (from August 24 to August 31) even as it issued out of the blue a notice to DC on August 24 and posted the matter to October 3 without calling for a hearing in the matter by the bench, the counsel said.What we sought was an ex parte order seeking details of DC management and a direction against creation of any third party interest in them given that it is heavily in debt. But what we got instead was an ex parte order that ended up affecting us badly, Niranjan said.The counsel for Wright brought it to the judge's notice that following a petition by Tata Capital , Bombay high court had already ruled that the auction money would be kept in an escrow account with only 5% will go to the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ). \"There is no mention about my client's dues despite his being a decree holder; unless this court intervenes, my client's interests will suffer,\" he said.The counsel for DC argued that Wright was not present himself and noted that his attorney was seeking relief without stressing the clause of urgency in the civil court.Justice Seethapathi intervened at this stage and asked Niranjan to approach the same civil court again and move a fresh petition pleading urgency for interim relief. The counsel replied that their efforts in this regard in the lower court had not been successful and hence they had approached high court as the auction process is set to begin on Thursday. The judge did not agree with this. \"You must move a fresh petition citing the urgency,\" he reiterated.At the end of the day, the counsel for Wright confirmed to TOI that they had moved a petition in the civil court citing the urgency and, adding that they would be making a special mention for an urgent hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16376217", "title": "Construction of Moshi centre likely to start soon", "text": "PUNE: The way will soon be cleared for the construction of the International Exhibition and Convention Centre at Moshi as the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) gets ready to acquire land from the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC).The PCNTDA is to construct the centre on a 200-acre plot in Moshi. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Prabhakar Deshmukh, Pune divisional commissioner and chairman of PCNTDA, said that a 3.83 hectares plot in Moshi, which was given to the APMC by the district collector office, was right in the middle of the plot where the exhibition centre is planned.\"As a result, we could not begin the first phase of the project,\" he said.The PCNTDA has decided to give an equal amount of land to the APMC in return for this land. The decision to exchange the land will be finalised with the state marketing department in a week. \"Phase one of the project will be implemented on 25 acres of land,\" said Deshmukh. The total cost for this phase is Rs 200 crore which will be incurred by PCNTDA on its own over a period of around three years. It will generate income for the authority once the construction is completed. At its executive committee meeting on Wednesday, the PCNTDA also passed a resolution to recruit staff needed for implementation of the project.Another proposal approved was for the appointment of an architect for a project to construct houses for the poor at sector 30 and 31 in Walhekarwadi in Chinchwad. Around 1,200 flats are to be constructed. The authority will also construct houses for the poor and those belonging to the Low Income Group category on land freed from encroachments. Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said that the authority has freed an area of 20 acres in various parts of its limits. The houses to be built for the poor will cost in the range of Rs 2 to 4 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375623", "title": "Cabinet okays plan to curb octroi evasion", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday approved a proposal to modify the process of octroi collection in order to check irregularities and evasion at nakas.The amendments will be introduced to the Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act and other similar Acts to increase efficiency and transparency in collection.While provisions now rule that an evader has to be penalized up to 10 times of the duty after conviction, the new provisions will empower the civic chief to collect 10 times penalty after detecting evasion. TOI had reported in its August 25 edition about the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376717", "title": "'Job creation, not farmland, is key'", "text": "KOCHI: Certain comments by deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahulwalia will surely spark a huge debate in Kerala in the coming days.\"Kerala should not focus too much on food security aspects as land is scarce. The prime focus must be on exploiting the huge pool of talented human resource. The focus should be on employment generation rather than preserving every bit of farmland,'' he told TOI on Wednesday.He said that but as a country we should have food security intact, and there are large areas of fertile land in Bihar and Orissa, which can produce rice. \"This does not mean that we should convert the paddy fields into real estate , but use it productively for sunrise industries like information technology and even value-added services.''When asked how Kerala can surpass the recommendation of Madhav Gadgil report, which has classified many areas along the Western Ghat as strictly non-development zone, he said the report is being currently reviewed by an expert committee headed by G Kasturirangan. \"The government reviewed the report because the study was outsourced. We need more consensus amongst such issues,'' he said.He made it clear that he is not a great defender of the mining that is going on. \"We need to have more regulations in place. We need to be practical when dealing with hydel projects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16376786", "title": "Suspended cop detains SP, frees him after DGP calls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleged harassment in police ranks came to the fore yet again on Wednesday night with a suspended head constable confining a superintendent of police (SP) at a shop in Adarshnagar for over six hours. At around 11 pm, the drama ended with a police team entering the shop and rescuing the officer and took the culprit into custody.At around 10.30 pm, the suspended constable of the Police Transport Organisation (PTO) KN Giri Prasad Sharma agreed to free his captive, SP, PTO, E Lakshminarayana, only after director-general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy assured to review his suspension. Sharma was suspended from PTO in May for alleged malpractices.On Wednesday afternoon, Sharma called up the SP and asked him to come to his shop in Adarshnagar to talk to the advocate about the case he had filed in the Lokayukta against the corrupt practices in PTO. However, sources said the SP went to Shailaja Mineral Water shop located near HACA Bhavan in Adarshnagar to enjoy the liquor party hosted by the head constable. The sources said Sharma had earlier worked as an assistant to the SP and, due to the intimacy, Lakshminarayana used to frequently visit the shop and consume liquor there.Police said that Sharma had taken the shop on rent and when the SP arrived there at about 4.30 pm he was alone at the shop.the suspended head constable home.Immediately, after the SP walked into the shop, someone, suspected to be a worker or Sharma's son, latched the door from outside and pulled the shutter down. After that, Sharma bound the hands and legs of the SP. He then showed him a can containing 40 litres of petrol and threatened to set him ablaze if he did not cooperate.At about 6 pm, Sharma sent an SMS to a Telugu news channel stating that he 'kidnapped' SP Lakshminarayana and asked them to flash the news about the incident. In the SMS, Sharma also stated that he had 40 litres of petrol with him and if police tried to break in, he would kill the SP. After news channel began flashing the news, police rushed to the spot and tried talking to Sharma over the phone. Later, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy and Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma spoke to Sharma over the phone and tried to convince him to release the SP.\"Sharma put three demands before me. One, to put an end to corrupt practices in PTO, second to suspend a senior officer of PTO and third to fill vacant driver and mechanic posts in PTO. I assured him that an inquiry will be conducted into alleged harassment by a senior PTO officer against Sharma and other corrupt practices. I also assured him that vacancies will be filled up soon and appealed to Sharma to release the SP without harming him,\" home minister Sabita Indra Reddy told TOI. He demanded that additional SP Vijay Kumar, who made him carry slippers, and IG, PTO, Venugopal Krishna, who had not responded to his pleas about corrupt practices in the organisation, be immediately suspended. He also alleged that DSPs Chandulal Boon and Venkateswarulu had harassed him while he was with PTO.The home minister said that while she was talking to the SP, who sounded really scared, Sharma snatched the phone.By 8 pm, two fire tenders were brought to the spot to put off any possible fire. At around 9.30 pm, an Octopus team and a team of City Security Guard reached the spot. They started preparations to break into the shop by cutting the shutter using lasers. A little later, Sharma released a letter to the media threatening to kill the SP by stabbing and setting him ablaze if police try to enter the room. As Sharma refused to budge, DGP Dinesh Reddy stepped in and tried to convince the suspended head constable. The DGP called him to his office on Thursday at 10.30 am to review his suspension. After the assurance, Sharma agreed to free the SP. A little later, police entered the shop and shifted the SP to hospital and sent home the suspended head constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16377035", "title": "Kudankulam anti-nuclear protest: Patrolling intensified along coast", "text": "MADURAI: Four more marine patrol vessels have reached Tuticorin as part of a plan to intensify patrolling in the region following the unrest in Kudankulam.The Kudankulam anti-nuclear protest has gained momentum after the recent upheaval.Fishermen from the coastal regions including Tuticorin and Kanyakumari have expressed solidarity with protesters by not putting out to sea.It is rumoured that the anti-nuclear activists and their supporters would take to the sea or when the stir intensifies, try and block or gherao traffic to the Tuticorin harbour, which is the major port nearest to the nuclear plant.ADGP (coastal security) Sylendra Babu is stationed in Tuticorin to review the situation. Tuticorin has two marine patrol vessels. Now, four more have been brought from Mandapam, Devipattinam, Cuddalore and Athiramapatinam. There are also six coast guard vessels including a big one in this region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16376621", "title": "Villagers block NH 1 after dumper truck runs over woman", "text": "SONIPAT: Angry protesters blocked national highway No 1 near Delhi-Sonipat border in Kundli village, following the death of a woman in a road accident on Sherpa-Kundli road on Tuesday night.Residents of Sherpa village came on NH 1 after Sushma Devi, 32, of the village died in a road accident at around 8 pm and blocked traffic for almost two hours. The woman was run over by a dumper truck when she was crossing the road.Villagers alleged that drivers of dumper trucks, engaged in heavy construction work near the highway, drive vehicles rashly and that their negligent driving has resulted in many road accidents near the village.Police had rushed to the spot but had to retreat after the villagers refused to listen to them. The protesters also torched two dumpers.The villagers demanded adequate compensation to the victim's family and also urged the authorities to check rash drivers of dumper trucks, operating near their village.According to late reports, Sonipat SSP K K Rao rushed to the spot and placated the people to clear NH 1 for vehicular traffic. The protesters had shifted to Narela-Safiabad road, a link road between Delhi and Sonipat, in support of their demand for adequate compensation to the family and arrest of the accused driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377191", "title": "Gutka worth 1.3L seized in two days", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and the Drug Administration (FDA), Nashik and the city police continued its joint action against gutkha sale with two more persons being booked on Monday and Tuesday. Gutka sachets worth Rs 1.35 lakh seized from them.Sachets worth Rs 77,000 were confiscated in the action takenin Bhadrakali from the shop belonging to Ansari Jafar Ahmed. . Bhadrakali police got a tip-off over the discrete sale of the contraband in their jurisdiction by a local, Ansari Jafar Ahmed, who owned a supari shop in Bhadrakali area.The FDA raided Ahmed's shop Subsequentlywith the help of the Bhadrakali police, the said shop was raided by theon Monday afternoon and recovered 38,000 gutka sachets in the operation. In another incident, Satpur police nabbed Hemkant Pawar of Ashok Nagar and seized gutka worth Rs 58,000 from him.with him, was apparently waiting for some vehicle on the Khutwad Nagar Road near NIMA house, when the action was taken against him.FDA officials said Nashik had seized gutka worth Rs 57 lakh since the ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16376726", "title": "Thieves pull off \u2018Oye Lucky\u2019 stunt", "text": "JAIPUR: City cops were left red-faced on Wednesday when, in a major breach of security, thieves took off with a red beacon-mounted government vehicle from the parking lot of the state secretariat, which is guarded by almost 200 security guards and at least 50 policemen.In a scene straight out of a Bollywood film, the brazen theft of the Indigo car from the high-security area left cops in a tizzy. But till reports last came in, the vehicle had still not been traced. The car, registration number RJ-14 CB- 4088, belonged to RAS officer Suresh Gupta, a deputy secretary with the chief secretary's office.The alarm was raised on Wednesday evening by the vehicle's driver Mangilal, who failed to locate the car on the premises. He immediately intimated the Ashok Nagar police station. Initially, for almost 20 minutes police officers at Ashok Nagar, under whose jurisdiction the state secretariat comes, kept questioning the driver. Finally, they decided to visit the spot to verify his claims.Later, a team of police officers searched the entire area just in case the driver had parked the vehicle somewhere else by mistake. In fact, the theft was initially taken as a prank or joke, even by senior police officials, but eventually they were convinced that the vehicle had actually been stolen.City cops were left red-faced on Wednesday when, in a major breach of security, thieves took off with a red beacon-mounted government vehicle from the parking lot of the state secretariat, which is guarded by almost 200 security guards and at least 50 policemen.\"Prima facie it appears to be a clear case of vehicle lifting. Our team visited the spot and spoke to the driver. We have also intimated the registration number of the vehicle to the border districts including Dausa, Ajmer, Tonk and Sikar,\" said Don K Jose, deputy commissioner of police (south).He added that various teams of the Jaipur police were raiding places to find the vehicle. The police did not rule out foul play by the driver. \"The case is somewhat different from what it appears. The matter is under investigation and we will definitely recover the vehicle ,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376728", "title": "Vallarpadam: DP World to launch marketing blitz", "text": "KOCHI: DP World, which runs the International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) at Vallarpadam, will launch an aggressive marketing campaign across the world to woo mainline vessels to the terminal.\"Now that the central government has granted the terminal cabotage waiver, we should be able to attract more vessels here. This was an important requisite for the growth of the terminal and we are happy that it has been approved,\" DP World senior vice-president Anil Singh told TOI on the sidelines of the Emerging Kerala summit on Wednesday.On the terminal's growth potential, he said since ICTT Vallarpadam was on the mainline shipping route, there was huge scope for it to attract cargo.\"We will launch an intense campaign to promote Vallarpadam as a major global transshipment hub and we should be able to make up for the lost time (due to the delays in cabotage waiver) and achieve our growth targets,\" he said. The terminal would, however, be able to grow to its full potential only when dredging is complete. Currently, the draft at the terminal is around 13 metres, but large mother ships will be able to anchor here only when it has draft of 14.5 metres. On the Emerging Kerala meet, Anil Singh said: \"Kerala is now like an aircraft waiting to take off. This is the right time to showcase the state's potential to the world and to tell investors that we are ready to receive them. Kerala can gain enormously by leveraging on its vast-trained manpower.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16379496", "title": "Appoint people with judicial background to CIC: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that central and state information commissions perform quasi-judicial functions, the Supreme Court on Thursday asked the government to appoint people from judicial background also as its members.A bench of justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar also lifted the stay on appointment of information commissioners.The bench passed the order on a PIL challenging section 12 and 15 of the Right to Information Act, 2005 enumerating the qualifications needed for the appointment of members to the commissions.The bench, however, refused to quash the sections but asked the government to modify it so that people from judicial background are also preferred for the post.Currently, none of the eight members of the Central Information Commission (CIC), including the chief information commissioner are from judicial background.The CIC comprises one chief information commissioner and 10 information commissioners.Presently, three posts of information commissioners are vacant in the CIC.The petition filed by one Namit Sharma had contended that since the work of the CIC under the RTI Act is mainly connected with the law, members in the transparency panel should have judicial background.However, government had opposed the petition contending that it could not be made mandatory that the members should have judicial background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16375686", "title": "Raj steps into Sena pitch, opposes India-Pak tie", "text": "MUMBAI: After opposing the collaboration of Indian vocalists with eight Pakistani artistes in Sur-Kshetra, the Raj Thackeray-led MNS has now closed in on the proposed India-Pakistan cricket match. Raj said his party will not allow the India-Pakistan Test match to be held in Maharashtra. \"The MNS is opposed to Pakistani players playing on Maharashtra's soil,'' Raj told reporters on Tuesday.\"By opposing the India-Pakistan cricket match on Maharashtra's soil, the MNS has backed the Shiv Sena's time-honoured agenda,'' a Sena functionary. \"Rajsaheb's statement shows that he and Matoshree are on the same page on a range of issues,'' he added.Of late, the Sena and MNS have been fighting on a slew of common issues\u2014the August 11 violence, involvement of Pakistani artistes in Sur-Kshetra and the civic move to bring Shivaji Park under heritage cover.Meanwhile, Saamna on Wednesday slammed the state government for arresting cartoonist Aseem Trivedi on sedition charges. In an editorial, Sena chief Bal Thackeray said, \"By slapping sedition charges on Trivedi, the state government has brought him on par with Afzal Guru.''Recalling that actor Shah Rukh Khan had a few years ago shown disrespect to the national flag, Saamna wanted to know if the police had dared to try the actor on sedition charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16377020", "title": "Mother held for killing twin daughters", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old woman, who became a mother after 11 years of marriage, killed her 42-day-old twin daughters on Tuesday evening and threw the bodies into a well close to her house at Kulinpara in Khardah. The woman, Arati Pal, has been arrested and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days. Her mother-in-law alleged that Pal could not get over the 'shock' that she had given birth to daughters and started neglecting the twins soon after their birth.While one of the bodies was fished out on Tuesday evening, the other was found on Wednesday morning after the water in the well was pumped out.The in-laws and her husband loved the twins and made all attempts to convince the woman that there is nothing wrong in giving birth to daughters. Arati got married to Shankar Pal, owner of a garage on the B T Road, 11 years ago. Since then they made all efforts, so that Arati can conceive. She finally did so in the end of 2011. On July 31, she delivered the twins, Anwesha and Shoumili, at a private hospital and her relatives claimed that she broke down soon after that. the problems started immediately after the birth.\"She had a Caesarian. After she regained her senses, the nurse informed her that she had twin daughters. Soon after, Arati broke down and she was inconsolable. This continued even after she returned home. She wouldn't care for the twins and my daughter Swarnalata, who lives next door, and I had to take charge of things,\" said Durga Pal, Arati's mother-in-law.Around 7.30pm on Tuesday, Arati's sister-in-law Swarnalata came to her house and asked her where the twins were. But she didn't reply. On entering the babies' room, Swarnalata didn't find them there. \"We informed my brother and the police. Around 9pm, my brother returned and took a look inside the well, the cover of which was removed earlier. He found Anwesha's body floating on the water with a black tape on her mouth,\" said Swarnalata. and found her sitting alone in a room. When Swarnalata asked where the twins, Anwesha and Shoumili, were she replied that she had no idea as she had been sleeping. Swarnalata entered the room where the infants normally slept, but the bed was empty. She called out to her mother but the elderly woman had no idea where the twins were. Arati was nonchalant, but nobody suspected her as she never displayed any feelings towards the twins anyway.\"We informed the neinghbours and the police. Everybody suspected that the infants had been stolen and a search was launched. My brother also rushed back from his garage. For the next hour, we searched the neighbourhood. Around 9 pm, my brother glanced at the well, which has a wooden cover. He noticed that the cover had been moved. When nobody could say who had moved the cover, Shankar glanced into the well and found Anwesha's body afloat. The policemen helped fish out the tiny body and were shocked to find its mouth covered by black tape,\" Swarnalata said.Arati still denied any knowledge but a search of the house led to the discovery of the roll of black tape in her room.Arati confessed everything before police on Wednesday. Police reached there and took all the members of the family to the Khardah police station. Early on Wednesday, Arati finally broke down and confessed that she had covered the mouths of the twins with black tape and then strangled them.She then dumped the bodies in the well. The fire brigade was summoned and water from the well was pumped out. Shoumili's body was found at the bottom of the well. Arati was arrested.\"Shankar loved his daughters like anything and is completely shattered. He can't imagine why his wife would do such a thing after so much effort in getting pregnant,\" said friend Uttam Roy. The police confirmed that there are no indications that Pal or his family misbehaved with Arati.In a gruesome case of female infanticide, a 35-year-old woman throttled her 42 days old twin daughters to death on Tuesday evening and threw the bodies into a well outside the house. THe incident occurred at Kulinpara in Khardah, North 24-Parganas. Locals and the woman's in-laws said that she had not got over the 'shock' of having given birth to daughters and neglected the infants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379432", "title": "Army show-of-strength in Ranchi today", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Army's capabilities will be on display in a \"know your army\" exhibition beginning Thursday at Morhabadi grounds here.The show to be inaugurated by governor Syed Ahmed will consist of activities like daredevil action by the corps of Military Police motorcycle riders, flying maneuvers of Chetak helicopter, display of the military bands and military equipment. Firsthand information on recruitment procedures will also be part of the event.The exhibition is part of an army mela to be organized by the Cockerel division. The fair will comprise an 'ex-servicemen rally' which will be inaugurated by chief minister Arjun Munda .\"We are busy with the preparations and are done with almost all the arrangements. The rally has been organized to assist the armed forces veterans and 'veer naris' (brave women). This is also a platform where they will share their experiences regarding the welfare measures,\" said Lt Col Saurabh Chauhan.Welfare initiatives for the ex-servicemen include presentation of special scooter and motorized wheel chairs for the disabled veterans and disbursement of financial assistance for improvement of dwelling units and education of their children.Besides, there will be stalls on resettlement opportunities, pension adalat, medical and dental check-up for the people and various health schemes for ex-servicemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16374882", "title": "Three student suicides in a day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two teenaged students were killed by the Hirakud Express in north Delhi, on Wednesday evening. Police suspect the 17-year-old boy and the 15-year-old girl killed themselves in a suicide pact, although no suicide note has been found.The tragedy was reported from the Narela area around 4.30pm. The train driver confirmed the hit to police and said he had registered it in his logbook and informed his seniors.The boy (name withheld) studied in a government school while the girl was a Class 9 student of a reputed school in the area. \"It seems they were in love and were facing opposition. We are questioning their families,\" said a senior railway officer.Another schoolgirl reportedly committed suicide in the Malviya Nagar area of south Delhi on Wednesday morning. Ashiya, 17, was a Class XI student of an MCD school. She was found dead at her residence in the Jagdamba Camp slum around 11am. Police suspect she was depressed due to a failed relationship. Her body was handed over to the family after postmortem at AIIMS.In another alleged suicide, a 23-year-old newlywed woman was found hanging at her residence in the Gokulpuri area of northeast Delhi, on Tuesday. Ritu had married 25-year-old Naresh Kumar on June 28. \"She was found hanging by a rope tied to the ceiling fan around 9pm on Tuesday,\" a police official said. Ritu's in-laws informed police after which she was brought to GTB Hospital, where she was declared dead.Although no suicide note was found, Ritu's father Shyam Babu said Naresh may have killed her. \"Naresh and his mother Sushila used to physically and mentally torture Ritu. She had borne their cruelty for the past few months,\" Shyam said.A case of cruelty and dowry death under sections 498A and 304B has been noted at Gokulpuri police station. Since the woman died within seven years of her marriage, a sub-divisional magistrate will investigate the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "16376830", "title": "Dalit beaten to death by upper caste landlord", "text": "JIND: A 42-year-old dalit labourer was allegedly beaten to death by his upper caste landlord father-son duo for coming late to work on Tuesday.Police have booked the accused landlord Amir Singh and his son Buta, of Rashida village in Jind district, on the complaint of victim Miya Singh's wife Nanhi Devi under Section 302 (murder) of IPC and certain provisions of the SC/ST Act. They have detained one person for interrogation while the two accused are absconding.Narwana DSP Rameshwar Singh told TOI that the victim had been working for his upper caste landlord for many years. \"In her complaint, Nanhi Devi said her husband returned for tea in the afternoon and was supposed to go back to work,\" said the DSP, adding that Miya stayed back for around half an hour more. \"Soon after, Amir Singh with his son came to their house and thrashed her husband. They took him away on their motorcycle and sped away,\" he added.According to Nanhi, the accused father-son duo returned with Miya about three or four hours later. \"They dumped him outside the house and drove away. I immediately took him (Miya) to the civil hospital at Narwana, where doctors declared him brought dead,\" she told police.The DSP said that the body has been sent to a Rohtak medical institute for post-mortem examination. \"Internal injuries were inflicted. We are waiting for the postmortem report,\" said the DSP.Amir is a prosperous farmer and owns around 50 acres of land, said a villager. \"Miya had been working on his field for several years and used to get an annual quota of food grain and other monetary assistance on special occasions. Although Amir Singh has been strict with his workers in the fields, nobody has complaint about thrashing earlier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16378254", "title": "Organic farming can create 80 lakh jobs in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Organic farming can generate nearly 80 lakh jobs in Odisha in the next five years, said Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) national general secretary D S Rawat, reading out from the organic farming in the state, on Wednesday.Rawat said 60 lakh jobs can be created directly and 20 lakh jobs indirectly (storing, processing, value addition, packaging and marketing).\"Promotion of organic farming can lead to wealth accumulation of about Rs 23,000 crore and generate exports worth Rs 600 crore during the period 2012-17,\" said Rawat.He said adoption of organic farming will increase net per capita income of a farmer by 250% (Rs 10,500 in the next five years compared to Rs 3,000 at present). \"Odisha has a huge role to play in taking India's share in global organic exports from about 0.2% to about 2.5%,\" he said.The Assocham study claimed that out of the total area of the country under organic farming, 1.7 lakh hectare, Odisha has the maximum share of 26,300 hectare followed by Jammu and Kashmir (22,316 hectare) and Rajasthan (22,105 hectare).Assocham urged the state government to promote organic villages in each district to encourage the use of organic fertilizers. The industry body advocated mapping of the status of organic farming and certification along with agro-climatic zones to tap the potential and understand the possibility of micro-level production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376584", "title": "Woman commits suicide in jail", "text": "Deepender DeswalROHTAK: A woman who had been undergoing life imprisonment for killing her three-month-old daughter in a sacrificial ritual committed suicide in the district jail in Rohtak on Tuesday night. The victim, Sonia Devi, 22, was a Faridabad resident and was lodged in the female ward of the jail for around one and a half months. Cops said the woman went to the toilet around 10pm and hanged herself from the ceiling with her dupatta.The body was spotted by another inmate who raised the alarm. Jail superintendent Rajender Siwach told TOI that Sonia Devi had had been suffering from psychiatric disorders and was being treated in the jail itself. A judicial inquiry has been ordered.Sources said the woman had killed her three-month-old girl child at her parents home in Rahul Colony in Faridabad on July 17, 2010. She had married Raju in 2008. Her husband, however, deserted her when she bore a girl child in April 2010. She then suffered from depression and began using tantric practices. Cops said she slit the baby's throat. The jail superintendent said none of her family members visited her in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16373977", "title": "Admission to vacant engineering seats to be conducted again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) officials said that admissions to 7,674 vacant engineering seats and 476 high merit seats, which have fallen vacant after the second round, will be conducted again. Students can register for admission to these seats from September 13 to September 14.Officials said that the interested students will have to visit the ACPC website and give their consent following which they will be registered. They will have to take a print out of this and bring it when they come to the ACPC office for off-line admission.The merit list will be posted on the website on September 16, while the offline admission will be carried out from September 17.Meanwhile, the admission on 3,660 seats for degree to diploma which have remained vacant after multiple rounds of admission and 1,239 seats which have gone vacant due to non-reporting will be conducted from September 16 to September 18. The students will have to give their consent on the website and register themselves. They can also upgrade their choice of branch, said the official. \"However, if the admission to higher merit seat is not available, the students will have to take admission in the branch for which they had originally filled their forms,\" an official said.Officials said that this admission round will be the last chance for students wishing to get admission in professional engineering and pharmacy courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376701", "title": "Most resident associations in Gurgaon hail 'Pune model' move", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most resident welfare associations of Gurgaon have welcomed the DHBVN move to introduce the \"Pune model\" to ensure 24X7 power supply in the city. On Tuesday, DHBVN asked the officials in operation circle of Gurgaon to identify private colonies and group housings societies with single source connections.\"Once the process is complete we will start the administrative work,\" said Devender Singh, chairman and managing director of DHBVN.The power discom on Monday had announced plans of introducing the \"Pune model' of public private partnership to ensure uninterrupted power supply in the Millenium City. DLF City Residents Welfare Association has asked the discom to start the system from DLF city as pilot project.\"We have enough infrastructure and our members have no objection in case we get an uninterrupted power supply. We'll approach the distribution company very soon,\" said Sudhir Kapoor, secretary general of DLF City RWA -- the biggest resident body in Gurgaon.RR Singh, director general of National Real Estate Development Council (Naredco) endorsed Kapoor's point of view, saying, \"Nobody dwelling in new colonies would mind paying extra for a hassle-free service. But going by the past experience, we need to be assured that the distribution company will honor its word, especially at a time when the country is facing power shortage and there is a widening demand and supply gap.\"However, Mission Gurgaon Development (MGD), an umbrella body of various RWAs, expressed reservations about the project. \"Providing adequate power supply is the responsibility of state. However, it could be an effective measure for those who can afford it. Otherwise, this simply means holding consumers to ransom. Else, if surcharge is nominal, then this is a welcome step,\" claimed Bhawani Shankar Tripathi, the secretary general of MGD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16379450", "title": "25 trafficked girls rescued from Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: The state chapter of Action Against Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation of Children (ATSEC) with the help of Bhartiya Kisan Sangh on Tuesday brought here 25 girls who were rescued from different parts of the national capital in the past two days.State social welfare minister Bimla Pradhan, who met the girls, said all of them were minors and belonged to Gumla, Simdega and West Singhbhum districts. \"We have informed their parents to take them back home. They will be admitted to Kasturba Gandhi Vidyalaya to continue with their studies. Such girls are being lured by middlemen with job offers and then are sold to the placement agencies in various cities,\" said Pradhan.She said the girls would be given education till 18 years and then provided with employment opportunities. \"Those girls who will not be taken back by their parents and don't want to study can stay in care home at Ranchi or Dumka.\"ATSEC officials said the number of girls rescued till April 2012 were 53 and the number was increasing. \"FIRs have been lodged against four traffickers in the state. We want that now registration of girls should take place at the block and district level. And for this we are trying to coordinate with the labour department,\" said an official.On the problem of catching the middlemen, the official said these girls were not able to identify them. There are around 100 NGO's who are running after care homes in the state.Narrating her experience, a rescued girl said, \"I was a student of Class 10 and was lured to Delhi by my uncle. I reached Delhi on May 27 at Mubarakpur Placement Agency Company. Police raided the place and we were rescued.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377245", "title": "Notice for hostel over food poisoning", "text": "NASHIK: Twenty-four students of an aided hostel in Baglan run by a social organization became sick after consuming 'khichadi'after which the social justice department has decided to issue a showcause notice to the school's superintendent.The students in the boys' hostel run by Jai Bajrang Bahuuddeshiya Sanstha, Dhule, in Nampur village, had taken ill after dinner on Monday. Some of the students reported nausea and fever after which the students were admitted to the local hospital and the sub-civil hospital in Malegaon.\"Eleven children have been admitted to the sub-civil hospital with some complaining of vomiting and diarrhoea. None of the patients were serious but will be discharged only considering their health,\" a senior hospital official said. Another group of 13 children were admitted to other hospitals in Nampur, the officials said.While half the student have already been discharged the remaining have been kept under observation. the administration was informed of the incident on Tuesday evening. \"There has been a huge delay by the authorities in informing the administration about the same. We have asked our social welfare officer to issue a showcause notice to the superintendant of the hostel and action will be taken accordingly,\" zilla parishad (ZP) chief executive officer, R K Mehta said.Social welfare officer, Prachi Vaze, said that the delayed information had resulted in inability of the department to collect food samples. \"The food cooked on Monday was naturally not available, but samples of food grain and water have been collected,\" the official said. Vaze added that a report would further determine further course of action against the school's authorities.An official from the department suspected water to be the cause of the illness. \"Water could be the primary cause for the incident, food is the less likely reason. However, we can't understand why authorities informed the ZP after 16 hours of the incident, \" the official said. and even why did they not preserved the food that was consumed by the children on Monday night, before the incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16379070", "title": "AIIMS Bhopal to have sleep lab", "text": "BHOPAL: Not getting enough sleep and feel restless? Soon, you could move into a sleep lab to be cured. All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Bhopal would have a multidisciplinary 'sleep laboratory' to handle patients suffering from sleep disorders.\"It would be one of a kind sleep laboratory in the country with a multidisciplinary academic and research oriented approach to treatment,\" said head department of physiology, AIIMS Bhopal, Dr S S Mishra. The sleep laboratory is likely to start functioning in the next 6 to 12 months.Researchers at the laboratory would analyse patients while they curl up in comfortable bedrooms. \"Once evaluation is conducted, various experts from department of neurology, respiratory medicine, psychotherapy, paediatrics and medicine would perform desired interventions,\" he added.Studies have often linked sleep disorders to variety of health problems including heart attacks and obesity. \"More often sleep problems are attributed to stress,\" said neurologist Dr Narendra Singh.Patients with breathing snoring, mouth breathing and apnea (abnormally long pauses in breathing during sleep) are categorised as people with sleep disorders.\"Shifting of biological clocks and inadequate sleep affects quality of life,\" said Dr Mishra suggesting that the study of somnography (monitoring of relevant normal and abnormal physiological activity during sleep) has gained importance not only for the old but young children too are increasingly face the hazards of lack of sleep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375283", "title": "1 killed as auto overturns near IFFCO Chowk", "text": "GURGAON: A man was killed and three were injured after an autorickshaw hit a divider and overturned near IFFCO Chowk on Wednesday morning. The injured were rushed to a private hospital nearby and are reportedly safe.According to police, the incident took place around 10am on Wednesday. The autorickshaw, going from IFFCO Chowk to Sector 31, was carrying seven passengers. The autorickshaw driver fled after the accident. The victim has been identified as 33-year-old Govind Sahay, a native of Luxmi Nagar in Agra, UP. Sahay used to work in a %private firm in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16376622", "title": "Cops beat man to death, police claim he drowned", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 42-year-old man, booked for manufacturing spurious liquor, was allegedly beaten to death by four constables of the Malihabad police station on Wednesday morning. The victim was identified as Kallu Pasi, a resident of Ghola village, Dular Mau locality in Malihabad police station area.Enraged over the incident, villagers staged a road block demanding adequate compensation to the kin of the deceased and action against the four constables, identified as Sujit Verma, Akhilesh, Sukhraj and Subhash Chandra , posted at the Malihabad police station.Police tried to cover up saying it was a case of drowning. Spokesperson of the Senior Superintendent of Police, quoting the Malihabad police, said that Kallu, an illegal manufacturer of liquor, while being chased by police, fell in a nullah and drowned.According to reports, Kallu was nabbed by the police on September 8 along with two others for making illegal liquor. Since, it was a bailable offence, Kallu was released on bail from the police station, circle officer Rakesh Saxena told TOI.According to Kallu' family members, around 8 AM on Wednesday, the four constables raided the field of Hamid where Kallu was making liquor along with his 11-year-old son Akash. Family members alleged that the cops demanded money despite his being released on bail two days back.The cops allegedly started beating Kallu with lathis and rifle butt. Akash fled the spot and rushed to his village to inform about the police atrocity. Kallu rushed towards Behta Nullah, about 100 metres away from Hamid's field, but collapsed on the bank of the nullah at Kewal Haar village. The cops fled on noticing that Kallu was dead. Family members alleged that the cops wanted some money from Kallu to allow him to continue with his illegal trade. It was because of severe beating by the cops that Kallu died, his family members alleged.Villagers kept Kallu's body on the main road and blocked it demanding action against the guilty cops and adequate compensation to the kin of the deceased. After over three hours the district administration accepted the demand and claimed that a compensation of Rs 1.20 lakh would be given to the kin Kallu.Later, circle officer Rakesh Saxena confirmed that process to suspend the four constables had been initiated. An FIR in the matter would be registered after the post mortem report is received, the circle officer confirmed. Later, SSP RK Chaturvedi told TOI that the four constables had been suspended. He said the cops had gone to the spot where Kallu was manufacturing illegal liquor without informing any of the senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16375264", "title": "Farrukhnagar Master Plan 2031 notified", "text": "GURGAON: The draft of Farruhnagar development of 2031 has been published by the state for a projected population of 1.25 lakhs and an area of 377 hectare.The state has invited objections or suggestions by October 3. One can write to director general, DTCP for this.The plan proposes one pocket measuring 18 hectares as residential Sector 1 reserved for low and medium income group with population density of 1,125 persons per hectare.Another area of about 36.50 hectare has been proposed for commercial use in sectors 1, 3, 4 and 8 to cater the commercial needs of the town.The plan also has 64 hectare which has been reserved for industrial use in sector 6 &amp; 7 for development of industries.An area of 145.50 hectare has been proposed for transport and communication use including the land under sector roads.An area of about 40 hectare has been provided for public utilities like water works, grid substation etc. All the major roads connecting Farrukhnagar with other adjoining urban belts are proposed to be widened to 75 m with 30 m green belt on both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16376722", "title": "Hartal fear fuels price hike postponement", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Why did the Centre refrain from increasing diesel, kerosene and LPG price on Tuesday? With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh set to inaugurate the Emerging Kerala summit on Wednesday, chief minister Oommen Chandy was apprehensive that the price hike would fuel protests by the Left parties.Sources told TOI that the CM contacted A K Antony, defence minister and a member of Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA), and briefed him about the intelligence report on the hartal threat on the first day of the meet.Antony apprised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union finance minister P Chidambaram about the situation in Kerala. Chidambaram, in consultation with petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy , then, decided to defer the move to hike fuel price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377205", "title": "Police team attacked in Trimbak tehsil, 2 held", "text": "NASHIK: Five cops attached to the Harsul police station in Trimbak tehsil including assistant police inspector Gautam Gaikwad, were attacked by four men near Khairaee Pada on Wednesday morning, when they were on a visit to take custody of two children, accoridng to court issued orders.The court had issued the order , under Section 97 of the code of criminal procedure (searching for wrongfully confined persons),six months ago.The cops were attacked with sticks and stones, while they were on their way back with the two children aged four and three, who were to be produced in court.when the two they were bringing the two kids.A magistrate had issued a notice to produce the two kids, who had been wrongfully confined.A police team of of five had police party including API Gautam Gaikwad, Assistant Sub Inspectgor A L Jadar, head constable R G Gosavi, M N Kambli and N L Dahawad,left to take custody of the two kids, who were to be produced in the court.The team of five police personnel were returning with the kids when four persons people who were working in the fields, saw the kids being taken away by the police in the police vehicle and subsequently hey attacked the cops by police party by pelting stones at the vehicle.When the cops alighted the vehicle, they were beaten up by the children's father Bhagwan Subar, Madhav Subar and two others with stones and sticks.Subar, who is the father of the children, and another person Madhav Subar.While Bhagwan and Madhave were arrested, the other two managed to escape. Meanwhile, the other two managed to escape.Assistant police inspector Gautam Gaikwad who was among those assaulted said the policemen had suffered minor injuries in the scuffle. have suffered injuries in the scuffle. Nonetheless, they managed to arrest the two accused who attacked them and also retained the custody of the children.The two children have been produced at a local court in Trimbak. Investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376713", "title": "Kochi Metro also finds takers at meet", "text": "KOCHI: As the city prepares to host the foundation stone laying ceremony of Kochi Metro project at Marine Drive on Thursday, investors attending the Emerging Kerala summit have expressed their interest in associating with the project. Though there is no scope to invest in the project now, these companies are keen on giving technical assistance to Kochi Metro.Balfour Beatty Pic, UK's largest construction and infrastructure group, stated its interest in the summit. \"We have constructed the rail and metro projects in London; the metro rail there has withstood the worst of weather conditions and has great shock absorption powers,\" said Puneet Puri, business development manager, Balfour Beatty.The Japanese have also expressed their willingness to associate with the project. Toshiba has already written to the Metro authorities regarding this. The company plans to hold discussions with Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) in this regard.The reconstituted board of KMRL had informed that there was no move to bring in private investment in the project. When the Centre gave its approval, the project was estimated to cost Rs 5,181 crore. The KMRL will bear 20.26 per cent share of the total cost, of which 15% will be in the form of equity participation and the remaining 5.26% as subordinate debts that will be used for processing the loans. The state government will have an equal equity participation of 15%. This funding structure will see the Centre pitching in with Rs 1,002.23 crore. An amount of Rs 2,170 crore will be raised as loan from the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA).The state government will have to raise the remaining part of the project cost, roughly estimated at Rs 2,008 crore. As the implementation of the project got delayed, principal advisor to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) E Sreedharan pointed out that the project cost would go up by Rs 40 lakh a day.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will lay the foundation stone of the project at 10.30 am. Urban development minister Kamal Nath will preside over the function, which will be attended by a host of Union and state ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374855", "title": "CoP-11 spruce-up: GHMC goes for overkill", "text": "HYDERABAD: The eagerness of GHMC to beautify the city for the upcoming CoP-11 has gone over the top, the proof of which is seen in the way city pavements that are fairly new and in good condition are being retiled. The quarter kilometer footpath outside the NTR gardens on Tank Bund is one such stretch which is being re-laid with new tiles. All the old cement parking tiles are being replaced with the new ones which are of the same quality and colour. However, the irony is that the old ones look almost as good as the new ones.\"What is the use of wasting precious money on such works which can be avoided\" said Shashank R, a social activist who was present at NTR gardens on Wednesday when the old tiles were being dug out. \"The old tiles are in a good condition and I find it meaningless to replace them with an identical set of tiles. The expenditure for this project will be really huge as the area on which the works are going on is large. \"Even if the administration wanted to go for leveling they could have just used the old tiles. Even the surface and the texture of the old tiles was good,\" he said.The cost of these cement parking tiles cost anywhere between Rs 30 and Rs 32 and two contractors have been awarded the works on this stretch which began a couple of days ago.\"I do not find any difference between the old and new tiles. If the new tiles are also used less they would resemble the old ones. If they wanted the pavement to look better, they could have laid new pleasing tiles,\" felt P Rajesh, a vendor on this footpath. However, the officials assure there is no wastage of materials or the funds. M T Krishna Babu, commissioner, GHMC said, \"We are replacing the tiles only if we think it is necessary.Efforts are on to use the old tiles which are in good condition as much as possible. Many of the old tiles might have got damaged due to civic works or over usage. Along with leveling road, we are also extending at some points which may require additional tiles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16375958", "title": "Officer fails to deliver on time, coughs up fine", "text": "BANGALORE: Over five months after the ambitious Sakala programme to promise time-bound delivery of services was flagged off, a government official has been asked to compensate a common man for delay in replying to a query.The first claim under Sakala was paid in Hospet in Bellary on August 26.\"The deputy tahsildar of Kampli, Hospet taluk, Bellary district, was asked to pay a compensation of Rs 40 to a citizen for the delay in the issue of a caste certificate under Sakala,\" urban development and law minister S Suresh Kumar said here on Wednesday.Addressing the media, the minister said various departments had received 1 crore applications under Sakala till September 4. About 92 appeals have been filed against delayed Sakala deliveries, of which 71 are pending.He said that the government is considering including five more BBMP services under Sakala. Till date only four BBMP services are included.\"Up to August 31, the Sakala call centre received over 58,618 calls. Of these, 778 calls were of complaints, 151 complaints relate to Sakala and 627 to non-Sakala. People are now calling the mission office and sharing their thoughts rather then just accept or simply complain. We observe that enquiries relating to revenue and urban development departments are the most sought after,\" Kumar said.He also said that 16,811 government officers will be trained to handle Sakala queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16376765", "title": "HC cancels appointments of 1983 PTIs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday quashed the appointments of 1,983 physical training instructors (PTIs) of Haryana school education department.The high court has also directed the Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) to hold fresh selection within a period of five months. The appointments were made by HSSC in 2009 during the tenure of Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led state government. The directions were issued by the court after holding that the criteria for the entire selection process was changed by HSSC during appointments.HSSC had issued notice for holding a written examination for appointment of PTIs, however, later it decided against it and directly conducted interviews for these posts.Justice Augustine George Masih of the high court passed these orders while allowing a bunch of 69 petitions.Holding that HSSC was nothing but a one-man show during the selection process, Justice Masih held that \"stunning revelation\" from the perusal of the records revealed that though the Commission had eight members apart from the chairman, at no stage had the panel assembled or met to take any decision in or during the process of selection.\"All the decisions pertaining to the selection process have been taken by the Commission chairman alone,\" observed Justice Masih. He further maintained, \"Records reveal and point to only one conclusion that the selection does not pass the test of it being in accordance with law, rendering the selection illegal.\"In its 42-page verdict, Justice Masih further held, \"Once the criteria has been laid down and the selection process initiated, selection criteria cannot be changed in the midst of the process or after the selection process has come to an end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16376687", "title": "MDU students protest, demand removal of warden", "text": "ROHTAK: A section of girl students of Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak, staged a protest demonstration at the vice-chancellor's office on Tuesday, demanding removal of a hostel warden accused of intimidating and misbehaving with girls at Sabarmati hostel of the varsity.The protesting girls said they suspected the warden's hand in the mysterious disappearance of a girl from the hostel on September 6. The varsity authorities who probed the allegations have ruled out any foul play, claiming that the girl had felt threatened due to internal tussle between the two groups of girls and went to her local guardian in Rohtak.Around 100 girls locked gate number one of the varsity for around one hour in support of their demand and later met the vice-chancellor. Talking to TOI, a girl on condition of anonymity said they apprehended some mishap had occurred with the girl. \"We suspect that some more girls could also have fallen victims to the highhandedness of the warden in the past and, now we are also feeling unsafe under her custody as she could retaliate due to our protest,\" she said.Meanwhile, the varsity authorities claimed that the apprehensions raised by girl students of Sabarmati hostel were unfounded. \"The chairpersonship of the girls' hostels, Indira Dhull, conducted an inquiry and found that the girl stayed at the guardian's place in Rohtak that night. She went there with due permission of hostel authorities\".The inquiry report mentioned that the girl had gone to the guardian's place as she was facing unnecessary jibes and taunts from hostel inmates. The local lady guardian of the girl deposed before the committee, along with her mother and brother.Dhull said all the girl students of Sabarmati hostel were invited to attend the meeting on Monday but none turned up. MDU vice-chancellor RP Hooda said the administration was taking all measures to provide requisite facilities and amenities to hostel residents. \"The university administration is fully concerned about the safety and security of the hostel students, and security measures will be further strengthened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16374194", "title": "Get ready to splash: My Ladye\u2019s Park swimming pool to open soon", "text": "CHENNAI: After remaining in a state of disuse for more than 70 days, the corporation-run swimming pool at My Ladye's Park near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium is getting ready. The 750sqmt pool has helped several children learn swimming and compete in national events.With the renovation completed, the pool is being filled with water and will be thrown open to the public next week, a corporation official said. Residents of the locality are happy. Soumithra P Devi, a resident of Sowcarpet, said, \"I used to take my children to the pool. My son goes for skating classes at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. So this was a natural next stop for him. He is eagerly waiting for the pool to open.\"P Marthandan, a worker at the Integral Coach Factory said, My Ladye's pool is much more peaceful than the Marina beach pool which is always crowded. \"I was a regular here,\" he said. \"After the pool closed down in July for maintenance, I have put on a lot of weight.\"Some residents complained about the inordinate delay in carrying out the renovation. P Balaji, the contractor who did the work, said he had done his best. \"I was given the contract after many others refused to do the work. We had to remove chlorine deposits on the tiles. It took time, as there were sheets of chlorine.\"A Chennai Corporation official agreed there was delay, but the work had to be done meticulously. \"Sealing and replacing broken tiles wasn't an easy job. There was much more damage than estimated. Now the pool is in perfect shape so people can enjoy their swim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16376903", "title": "Early birds Goa's latest migrants", "text": "Migratory birds which winter in Goa have started arriving early this year, with a few gull-billed terns sighted over the Mandovi river since late August.According to avid birder Parag Rangnekar: \"It's too early, but it could be a passage migrant, a gull-billed tern, which will travel further south of Goa.\" He explained, \"They will be here for a few days and then will go south. The true migratory birds which spend their winter here come in October-November.\"Amateur bird watchers who sighted the birds confirmed that they are gull-billed terns. Terns are amongst the first migratory birds to arrive in Goa. They are white birds, the size of crows, with pointed wings and can be sighted till the beginning of summer as they fly to and from the Chorao bird sanctuary. They always fly only in the middle of the river as they go hunting for fish to eat out into the Mormugao-Aguada bay, making for a pretty sight as they dive or dip to the surface of the water.But the early birds may have also been blown here because of last month's stormy days. According to Carl D'Silva, internationally-acclaimed bird illustrator, \"It is definitely not the beginning of the migratory season.\" He suggested that \"it may be a freak sighting of a tropic bird or a white storm petrel, which has been wind-blown or come here because it is exhausted.\" The Caranzalem-based artist had, however, not personally checked out the arrivals.Petrels and tropic birds are normally only sighted out at sea and never venture into inland rivers or land. They're known as true sea birds.More than 180 migratory bird species visit Goa, most of them during the winter months, according to a study done by Rangnekar for the department of science, technology and environment. Apart from these migratory visitors, there are around 200 other bird species in Goa which stay put.While many of the migratory birds are 'water' birds, there are many which also migrate to the forests in the Western Ghats, like the colourful forest wagtail. Many of the water birds, most of them little more than the size of sparrows, can be sighted along the banks of the Mandovi river, especially on the stretch from the bridge towards Ribandar. Hundreds of sandpipers, dunlins, etc, all from faraway lands, can be seen pecking around for tiny creatures.Rangnekar's favourites among the sea birds are the seagulls. \"They're a good sight to see, especially on the beachfront,\" he says.They also make a pretty sight as they sit like ducks out in the water of Mormugao harbour and elsewhere on the coast.At times there are thousands of them all over the water. Thousands of them congregate on a sand bar at the mouth of the Chapora river, between Vagator and Morjim.\"November-December is a good time to go to the Bondla wildlife sanctuary to see the forest wagtail,\" said Rangnekar, adding that \"Carambolim lake has lost its charm, but it's still a good place to see the migratory water fowl. The Batim lake is also good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16375674", "title": "BJP attacks Rahul\u2019s ability to lead, SP also doubtful", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday found himself under \"friendly\" fire from UPA outside supporter Samajwadi Party and also \u2014 more expectedly \u2014 from BJP with both parties questioning his ability to lead the country.The Samajwadi Party criticism came just days after UP CM Akhilesh Yadav said he wanted the Congress leader to make good his pledge of assuming bigger responsibilities soon.BJP attacked Rahul, saying it is time the Congress general secretary expressed views on crucial issues like coal allocation scam or the 2G spectrum controversy and wondered if he is not \"fit\" for a bigger role at 42 could one be sure he would be so at 52.\"Many a times, there are views from his party that he will be holding the highest post in the government, that he will head the party... But a person who is not fit at 42,\" what assessment can we have that he will be fit at 52? BJP spokesman Rajiv Rudy asked.SP general secretary Mohan Singh said Rahul has shown little to prove that the country's future would be safe in his hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16374038", "title": "Lewis Hamilton gets BKC green signal", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-awaited Lewis Hamilton's drive in his Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes car finally got the green signal on Wednesday. The British F1 racer will now zip down a nearly 2km stretch of main Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) road -- from the Asian Heart Institute to MTNL office -- with no speed restrictions on Sunday evening.The only pre-condition and warning for the British racer and the organizers being that there should not be any mishap or stampede as over 40,000 people are expected to gather along the road to watch the show.Earlier, the idea of holding the event on the Marine Drive didn't go down well with the residents of that area as well as the administration following which the venue has now been shifted to BKC. The actual driving show will last for just 7 to 12 minutes.\"The organizers have booked the ground in BKC by paying us Rs 8 lakh as rent for seven days and we have given them the permission. A function other than the drive has also been planned inside,\" informed Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar. Additional Commissioner of Police (West region) Vishwas Nangre Patil said the organizers have been given permission but with a condition that the barricading along the road should be of international standards to avoid any untoward incident.The organizers have been also asked to provide volunteers and security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16374655", "title": "Fake currency notes: Suspected hideouts raided", "text": "MOTIHARI: Close on the heels of the arrest of two fake note peddlers with fake notes worth Rs 8.98 lakh at Motihari on September 10 by state Economic Offences Wing (EOW), a special team of New Delhi crime branch, raided several suspected hideouts of racketeers with Raxaul police at Raxaul and Ramgarhwa police stations adjoining Indo-Nepal border on Tuesday.The police team of crime branch of New Delhi headed by SI Ramesh Sharma said they raided Laxmipur, a suburb of Raxaul, to arrest the kingpin but he escaped. Laxmipur is the centre of this gang operating in various states of the country .The police team conducted raids on the basis of information given by six fake note peddlers of Raxaul area arrested by New Delhi police last week with fake notes worth Rs 1.98 lakh. Sharma, a SI of the crime branch of New Delhi, said that Noornisha Khatoon, Munni Khatoon, Asama Khatoon and Sabbira Khatoon, all young women of Laxmipur village and Mohammad Ayub of Adapur and Srikant of Champapur village under Ramgarhwa PS were arrested with fake notes. A case has been lodged against them with the crime branch PS in New Delhi. They have confessed that they had been pumping fake notes into Delhi markets for a long time.The New Delhi police suspect that the two fake currency racketeers arrested on Monday might be a part of an inter-state gang having links in neighbouring countries like Bhutan, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal. According to intelligence sources, over 500 persons are engaged in this racket in East and West Champaran districts alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16378838", "title": "HC directs petitioner to file rejoinder", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of high court on Wednesday asked petitioner of PIL over misuse of public fund development of infrastructure in the city to file rejoinder before September 27. Earlier, Indore Development Authority (IDA) and commissioner had filed their replies over use of fund for the development of the city.It is to be noted that a PIL was filled by Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Dhristi Mitra 2050 against misuse of public fund and improper planning for city infrastructure in November 20011. PIL had mentioned that city had been allocated Rs 7,411 crore for the development of city infrastructure under different projects, out of which Rs 4000 crore have been spent. But different reports prepared by the state and union governments have given negative account about the development of city infrastructure. Following this, HC issued notices to district administration, town and country planning, police, Indore Municipal Corporation, Indore Development Authority. And court gave 33 point orders during the hearing.Petitioner Kishore Kodwani had questioned the joint reply filed by all the departments.Additional advocate general Manoj Dwivedi said that all the matter raised in the PIL like drainage, water supply, solid waste management etc are subject of municipal corporation and IMC had already submitted its reply, so there is no need for every department of government to file separate reply. Now, petitioner has to file reply before the next hearing.However, Kodwani said that IDA had filed just one-page reply saying that it has planted 2,500 saplings in 2012 under four different schemes. He added that IMC in its reply claims that it had never promised 24X7 water supply, whereas condition of Asian Development Bank (ADB) loan for Narmada project was round the clock water supply. On garbage, IMC claimed that they are lifting 650 tonnes of garbage wherein details given by A2Z Company show that they are lifting just around 550 tonnes of garbage per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16376704", "title": "UK may soon set up trade centre in TVM: James Bevan", "text": "KOCHI: The UK may soon set up a trade centre in Kerala to give a fillip to the trade and investment relations with the state. British high commissioner James Bevan told TOI on Wednesday after a session at the Emerging Kerala meet that the UK is awaiting the Indian government's approval to open a trade centre in Thiruvananthapuram.\"Kerala is obviously a great place for trade and business tie-ups. The bilateral trade between India and the UK stands at 16 billion and we look forward to this state investing in the UK,\" he said.Britain is focusing on tie-ups in education, sustainable energy and consultancy in aerospace and marine engineering. India is the fifth largest Investor in the UK and plans are on to open new trade centres in major cities of India, he said.Now, two new British deputy high commissioners will be appointed in Chandigarh and Hyderabad. This is in addition to the presence of deputy commissioners in Delhi, Mumbai, Calcutta, Chennai and Bangalore.British deputy high commissioner Mike Nithavrianakis also pointed out that indications are positive for the setting up a British trade centre in the state.\"We held discussions with the Kerala government and industry officials and we expect the central government's nod soon,\" he said.Kerala with its high literacy rate, per capita income, human development index and talent pool, is an attractive destination for UK companies, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16378146", "title": "CBI raids offices of BPF's youth wing, Hagrama fumes", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The CBI on Wednesday raided the offices of the youth wing of Bodoland People's Front (BPF) in Kokrajhar district in connection with the recent BTC violence. The officials took photographs of BPF youth wing workers and transferred data of mobile phones of some BPF workers.Angry over the CBI's action, BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary, who is also the BPF president, has warned that the council may be compelled to boycott the rehabilitation process. Mohilary said the CBI team on Wednesday raided four primary offices of the youth wing of BPF located at Titaguri, Gaurang Tinali, Karigaon and Buismuri and collected the identity cards of all members. He added that the team also collected mobile numbers of youth members.Mohilary said the CBI should have obtained permission from the Election Commission of India (EC) before raiding the office of a registered regional political party. He added that he would take up the matter with EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16377185", "title": "6 booked for harassing 23-year-old", "text": "NASHIK: Upnagar police have arrested Akshay Vanjare and five others of Panchasheel Nagar, Nashik Road on charges of harassment, as per a complaint lodged by 23-year- old Poonam Vanjare of Shantiniketan Row House, Jail Road. In her complaint, Poonan Vanjare alleged that she was tortured physically and mentally by her husband Akshay Vanjare and five of her in-laws to bring Rs 3 lakh from her parents. She also said that her in-laws snatched the jewellery she was wearing and drove her out of their house on June 15. The Upnagar police are investigating the case.Goods, jewellery worth Rs five lakh stolen in break-inGoods worth Rs five lakh including a gold chain and a television set were burgled by unidentified burglars between September 9 and 11 from a row house at Cidco. Shailesh Ravindran of Govind Nagar, Cidco stated that burglars entered his rowhouse by breaking the latch and lock of the house between 1.00 pm of September 9 and 7.00 am of September 11 and stole the said articles. Ambad police are investigating the case.Gold chain worth Rs 10,000 stolenA gold chain worth Rs 10,000 was stolen from a 24 year old woman when she was asleep. The woman Chhaya Bairagi of Dhanadai Row House, near Hindi Madhyamik School, Satpur, was sleeping in her row-house on the night of September 11. At around 3.00 am, some unidentified person reached her neck from the open window and snatched the chain she was wearing. The Satpur police have registered an offence.21-year-old booked for kidnapping minor: A 21- year-old youth Rahul Bhalerao of Jijamata Colony, Shivaji Nagar, for kidnapping a 17- year- old girl on charges of kidnapping her to force her into illegal activity. The minor's father said that her daughter was abducted by Rahul Bhalerao on August 16. However, her father lodged the complaint on September 11Rickshaw driver booked for attacking passenger: The Bhadrakali police have arrested 23-year-old Salman Ismail Sayyad of Jahangirwada Bagwan Pura, Bhadrakali for attacking a passenger with a sharp weapon. Complainant Nikhil Vilas Gavali of Satpur, alleged that the rickshaw driver abused him and attacked him with a knife. Gavali blocked the attack with his right hand, which has sustained an injury. The BhadrPolice have arrested Salman Sayyad. Further investigations are underway. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16374995", "title": "CBI Court rejects Acharya's bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U V Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI Court on Wednesday dismissed the bail plea of jailed IAS officer B P Acharya, accused number one in the Emaar fraud case. The accused was working as MD of the APIIC at the relevant point of time and he was charged with conniving with the private players in defrauding the state.Stating that there is overwhelming evidence to show that Acharya, despite being its MD, did not keep his own APIIC board posted about the commencement of sale of plots in an unlawful manner in the Emaar episode. The judge, however, said he would take all these aspects into consideration at the time of the trial and for now the evidence is enough to reject the claims of innocence by Acharya, the judge said. \"Moreover, there is no change in situation since his last bail was rejected and the CBI is still trying for the end users of the money that was robbed from the state,\" the judge said.CBI is proposing to examine one Dinesh Jain of Delhi, who is close to Emaar MGF MD Shravan Gupta. Enforcement directorate had earlier seized Rs 6 crore from Dinesh and we cannot ignore the apprehensions of the probe agency that Acharya may influence the process if he comes out on bail, the judge said. The court also dismissed the bail plea of MGF finance head Vijaya Raghava another accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-13"}
