{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696251", "title": "Divya murder case: Ranjit Krishne Gowda switched off phone 30 minutes after attack", "text": "BANGALORE: Ranjit Krishne Gowda, who is suspected to have hacked his estranged girlfriend S Divya to death in BTM Layout II Stage on Monday, reportedly switched off his mobile phone 30 minutes after the attack.\"He also called someone after attacking Divya. He then moved to Hulimavu, switched off the phone and vanished without a trace,\" police sources said. No details of the call are available. Ranjit had also contemplated suici8de after his relationship with Divya soured, sources said.But Ranjit's elder brother, Vijay Kumar Gowda, counselled him to forget Divya and not do anything that would harm him or his family. \"Vijay, an auto consultant, had repeatedly spoken to Ranjit when the latter told him he would commit suicide if Divya married another man,\" sources revealed.Ranjit, a resident of Kalkere near Hulimavu on Bannerghatta Road, worked at Slash BPO in Garvebhavipalya. He suddenly quit this job six months ago for no reason. It's suspected he did so to stalk Divya as he suspected something was amiss in their relationship, sources said.\"His parents, Krishne Gowda and K Jayamma, too were surprised by the resignation,\" they added. Ranjit once snatched Divya's mobile phone to check her messages, sources said. \"Divya had sent her new boyfriend, Pradeep, messages like 'you are my dear and I miss you'. Ranjit then grew furious and warned Pradeep,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696616", "title": "Denied transfer certificate, student consumes poison", "text": "BANGALORE: Denied a transfer certificate by his college principal , a 21-year-old student attempted suicide by consuming poison in his flat in Kengeri on Thursday.Pavan, doing BCom at JK School of Business Management in Nagadevanahalli near Bidadi, was spotted writhing in pain by a friend who was staying with him. He rushed Pavan to hospital, and he is said to be out of danger.Pavan, who was staying with his friend in Shirke Apartments, Kengeri, wasn't doing well in his course. He wanted to drop out and approached the principal, who refused to give him a transfer certificate. An upset Pavan rushed to his flat and consumed rat poison . Police officers said they haven't been able to contact the college principal yet. Pavan's parents have left for Bangalore from their native Koppa in Chikmagalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13703495", "title": "MS Dhoni to visit forward area of Jammu region", "text": "JAMMU: Indian cricket captain and honorary Lt Col Mahendra Singh Dhoni will visit the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu region on Saturday and interact with the troops there.Dhoni will visit Hamirpur in Pooch on Saturday before heading to Rajouri. The skipper will then move to Naushera to interact with the troops in Kalsian area, defence sources said.The World Cup winning captain will visit the Northern Command headquarters in Udhampur on June 3 before leaving for Srinagar on tour of Chinar Corps Zone, they added.Dhoni will also visit north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Sunday to witness the final of the first phase of Kashmir Premier League (KPL) at Shaukat Ali Stadium, a defence spokesman in Srinagar said.Dhoni is scheduled to interact with media persons after the cricket match, the spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695833", "title": "BJP MLA loses temper in House, defies warnings by Kalraj, Speaker", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BJP on Thursday appeared to be a much emasculated party on the floor of the assembly when it faced a piquant situation following an unruly conduct by its MLA Upendra Tiwari, who was defiant and rude despite repeated warnings to maintain calm both from the Chair and senior BJP leader Kalraj Mishra.Apparently a case of political rivalry, Tiwari had defeated Ambika Chaudhary in the assembly polls that were held in February, Tiwari leveled a long list of charges against Chaudhary on Wednesday. Accusing him of 'arm-twisting tactics' in his home town Basti, Tiwari also accused the minister of inciting violence. However, Tiwari got agitated and disobedient on Thursday when the revenue minister was called by Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey to give reply on the charges leveled against him. A visibly upset revenue minister rebutted his charges point by point. To prove his innocence, he also cited the judgments given in his favour by the Allahabad bench of High Court, Human Rights Commission and also a report submitted by the forensic lab.Tiwari's repeated interruptions irked the speaker, who had earlier requested him to maintain calm. When his request failed to cut ice with him, the speaker asked the BJP leadership to intervene in the matter. At this, Kalraj Mishra first tried to pacify him, but Tiwari started arguing with him. Later, Tiwari sat on the passage of the House for some time. Then, he started moving towards the podium of the speaker. The security guards had to stop him physically. He then left the House.Later, speaking on the issue, Kalraj Mishra said the matter should be resolved amicably without any ill will towards anybody. Although refusing to concede to Ambika Chaudhary's demand for a probe by a House committee, the speaker later ruled all 'unparliamentarily' words used by Tiwari would be expunged from the House proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695842", "title": "Returned child says he misses Gurgaon \u2018home\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sitting inside a small room in a south Delhi locality, the 12-year-old rescued boy seems oblivious to the legal turmoil he has recently created. Back home with his elder brother and sister, he even refuses to delve into the two years he was forced to stay away from the family. But he carries a few memories - all far removed from any of the statements he has recently made before a magistrate. His family, too, insists they have forgotten the past and don't want to drag Azad Hussain to court.The family never gave up hope. \"We have spent a fortune trying to trace him. We visited every child care home, every orphanage in NCR, police stations in even UP and Haryana, and pasted his posters all around Malviya Nagar and Chirag Dilli. I was not even at home when my kid brother returned with the help of Azad,\" says the brother.Their own beliefs notwithstanding, the family consulted astrologers and pundits, showing them photos of the lost child and relied on their \"readings\" to rush in all possible directions. \"We checked every railway station and bus stop; we even checked a park in Malviya Nagar for over 16 hours after people told us they had spotted him roaming around it. When nothing worked, we began visiting cities like Kanpur and Nagpur on the advice of pirs and pundits,\" adds the brother.The visits took a heavy financial toll on the family. \"We make Rs 15,000-20,000 a month working as stone masons. In the absence of my wife, who passed away 11 years ago, I was forced to leave my eldest son in charge of the family. It was only in the last three months that I could save enough to make another trip,\" says the father.Ask him if he misses his Gurgaon home and the boy shyly agrees. He remembers all the tough times when he was slapped and forced to work, but he also remembers Azad for buying him toys, telling him stories at night and bringing him food from the supermarket.The rescued boy's family accepts that he has a few \"mental blocks\". \"My brother is not as mature at the age of 12 as he should have been, but he is now reacting more positively to our queries and even taking some mature and informed decisions,\" his elder brother says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13693615", "title": "Badaghagara dam loses power steam due to falling water table", "text": "KEONJHAR: Power generation in Badaghagara waterfall has been stopped due to water scarcity in the dam. According to official sources, the production of electricity was stopped from March 23 till the water level rises in Badaghagara dam.This year, the temperature in the district has broken all records, said sources. Due to severe heat, many dams, rivers, ponds and wells have dried up in the district, leading to severe water scarcity.The water level of Badaghagara multi-purpose dam was continuously declining since the past few days. Baidyanath Mishra, junior technician of the project said, \"The project was closed and electricity production stopped due to water scarcity in the dam. It will start again when the water level in the dam rises.\"Sources said the capacity of the dam has declined in recent years due to silting, requiring immediate renovation. \"If the dam is renovated, the water level will rise. More electricity can be produced by using more induction motors in the project,\" Mishra added.Since the state is facing an acute shortage of electricity, proper renovation and upgradation of the electricity project should be taken up urgently, sources said.\"Badaghagara is a multi-purpose dam constructed many years ago. The dam was mostly constructed for irrigation purpose, as about 10 villages depend on it for irrigation of cultivated land. Besides, it also helps produce electricity. The dam was also leased out to local people for fish farming too.The dam was also supplying drinking water to Keonjhar town. Due to decline in the water level in the dam, people in the town have been facing an acute drinking water scarcity. If there is no rain in the next 10 to 15 days, drinking water supply to Keonjhar town might be further affected, sources said. The declining water level in the dam is also affecting the summer crops in the downstream are, along with fishermen.The power project in Badaghagara was established in the year 1986 by Orissa Renewal Energy Development Agency (OREDA). Two big induction motors with a capacity of 20 kilowatt power production each were established at the project site. Electricity of about 40 KW per day produced from the project was supplied to the electricity department through an 11 KV line. In lieu of this, the electricity department was paying revenue to OREDA at a prescribed rate per unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13693651", "title": "Big growth in IPL's online viewership", "text": "NEW DELHI: Season Five of the IPL, which concluded recently, saw a 55 per cent increase in online viewership. In comparison with 72 million video views in 2011, 113 million video views were generated during this year's action packed season. The matches were streamed online by IPL official partner, Times Internet Limited (TIL) in partnership with YouTube.Showing a strong growth of over 87 per cent from the previous year, the video views for India stood at 80 million as compared to 43 million last year. The final on May 27 generated 7.5 million video views, making it the highest single-day viewership during the entire season.Rishi Khiani, CEO, Times Internet Limited, said, \"Premium video content is a key focus area for us at Indiatimes. We promised IPL 2012 viewers a highly interactive and engaging cricket viewing experience beyond what India has seen before. The online viewership numbers and advertiser traction across the season validate our delivery of this promise.\"Gautam Anand, Director of content partnership, Google APAC, said, \"It's heartening to see the continuous growth in the viewership of this exciting tournament online from across the globe. This season was extra special with lots of close matches and last-ball finishes and we are really glad that we were able to bring all the action live to our audience on YouTube for the third consecutive year. Indiatimes has been a fantastic partner for us and we would like to congratulate the entire team of Times Internet on achieving this success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13694842", "title": "Woman robbed of chain while asleep in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: A homemaker is suspected to have been robbed of her gold chain while she was asleep in Gejjegalli in Mysore south police limits on Thursday.Police say Lokeshwari, 30, has complained that she lost her 40gram gold chain while she was sleeping at an under-construction house in the village, and that she realized the same on Thursday. To safeguard the materials at the new house, she decided to stay overnight along with her family. She suspect burglars may have robbed her chain. However, no other material is missing from the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695759", "title": "Doon accident: 3 trains cancelled, routes of over a dozen diverted", "text": "LUCKNOW: Due to derailment of train number 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express between Mihrawan-Khetasarai stations of Lucknow Division of Northern Railway, the following trains have been either been cancelled, diverted or short-terminated.The trains cancelled include train number 14213 Varanasi-Gonda Intercity Express leaving Varanasi at 2.15 pm on Thursday. Consequently, 14214 will remain cancelled on Friday between Gonda and Varanasi. Train 54109 Mughalsarai-Faizabad Passenger has been cancelled between Mughalsarai and Faizabad. As a result, 54110 will remain cancelled on Friday between Faizabad-Mughalsarai. The 54372 Faizabad-Prayag Passenger has also been cancelled.The trains passing through Lucknow, which were diverted on Thursday were train numbers 13010 Dehradun-Howrah Doon Express, which was diverted to run via Shahganj, Mau, Varanasi and Mughalsarai, 13308 Ferozepur-Dhanbad Ganga Sutlej Express, 14236 Bareilly-Varanasi Express, 14854 Jodhpur-Varanasi Marudhar Express and 13152 Jammu Tawi-Kolkata Sealdah Express has been diverted to run via Sultanpur, Zafrabad and Varanasi.The 13238 Mathura-Patna Express and 13484 Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express passing through Lucknow on Friday will be diverted to run via Sultanpur, Zafrabad, Varanasi and Mughalsarai. The 13010 Dehradun-Howrah Doon Express passing through Lucknow on Friday will be diverted to run via Faizabad, Sultanpur, Zafrabad, Varanasi and Mughalsarai. The 11055 Lokmanya Tilak Terminal-Gorakhpur Godan Express passing through Sahaganj on Thursday has been diverted to run via Zafrabad and Varanasi.The trains passing through Varanasi are also affected. The 19168 Varanasi-Ahmedabad Sabarmati Express and 14235 Varanasi-Bareilly Express have been diverted to run via Zafrabad, Sultanpur, and Lucknow. The 13483 Malda Town-Delhi Jn. Farakka Express is diverted to run via Varanasi, Pratapgarh and Lucknow.The 13151 Kolkatta-Jammu Tawi Sealdah Express to pass through Varanasi on Friday will be diverted to run via Varanasi, Sultanpur and Lucknow. Similarly, the 13307 Dhanbad-Ferozepur Ganga Sutlej Express passing through Varanasi on Friday will be diverted to run via Sultanpur, Faizabad and Lucknow. The 15668 Kamakhya-Gandhidham Express passing through Varanasi on Friday will be diverted to run via Varanasi, Pratapgarh and Lucknow.The 54334 Faizabad-Varanasi Passenger was short terminated at Faizabad and remained cancelled between Faizabad and Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695793", "title": "Tobacco consumption leads to premature wrinkles in smokers'", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you need another reason to quit smoking, you can add premature wrinkles to the list. Smoking causes immediate and direct irritation to skin. After developing less collagen and elastic in the skin, smokers look 10 to 12 years older than their actual age.Addressing a lecture on World No Tobacco Day, former Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) teacher Prof Ramakant explained the causes of premature ageing in smokers. \"The nicotine in cigarettes narrows the blood vessels in the outermost layers of the skin, thereby impairing the blood flow level. This reduces the supply of oxygen and other nutrients in the body and the result is that the skin begins to sag and wrinkle prematurely,\" he said.Scientific study shows that many smokers develop a disease, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), which culminates into many forms of cancer. Besides cancers, tobacco may cause diabetes , tuberculosis , respiratory disorders, high blood pressure , stroke and heart related diseases. The reason: more than 90% of 4,000 chemicals present in tobacco smoke are carcinogenic.According to recent estimates, 27% Lucknowites are on high tobacco consumption. With 2,200 person dying every day in India, the number of deaths due to smoking is on the rise. Nearly 10 lakh people die every year in India as compared to 60 lakh across the world.\"The fetus of pregnant women under the influence of passive smoking is at a higher risk and once the infant is born there are chances of the baby getting pneumonia and tuberculosis,\" said Dr Vend Jain of CSMMU's surgery department.All these aspects call for an elaborate prevention strategy. Dr MC Pant, who works for cancer prevention, said, \"Most of the smokers are not aware about the injurious effects of tobacco consumption, so it is necessary to educate them. Since the average age of initiation in rural areas is 11.5 years, it is our first priority to make the children aware. India could become tobacco free if they stop smoking.\"Experts believe giving up tobacco is not difficult. Psychologists also have methods to help people quit smoking. Psychologist Madhu Pathak said the behavioral therapy helps a person quit smoking as it identifies the mood changes that affect while quitting and develop problem-solving techniques. Anti-Tobacco Day was celebrated in the city and Balrampur hospital organized an awareness rally . Dr T P Singh, Director, Balrampur hospital marked the opening of the rally early in the morning.-- Asmita Pandey and Priyangi Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694599", "title": "700 arrests keep life 'normal' in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: No major incidents, around 700 arrests, 21 state buses damaged, a driver and a conductor injured and more or less a normal life. The BJP-led shutdown on Thursday brought with it a package that may be termed \"average\" as per the bandh standard set by the state over the years.Though the day started on a slow note, there was sporadic violence in several parts of the state and city pockets - thanks to the muscle flexing by the BJP loyalists.According to transport minister Madan Mitra, 21 state transport corporation buses were either stoned or torched in the state. However, the bandh could not dent the normal operations in various industrial belts of the state. Though the city cut a desolate picture with lesser number of commuters, Metro services and operations at the airport were normal. Even the state's IT hub - Salt Lake Sector V - functioned normally.However, taking a lesson from the previous BJP bandhs, where the party activists vandalized vehicles, people ventured less on the roads. State-run services were normal since the morning and additional buses and trams were deployed. The initial blockades and gatherings disrupted train services on the Sealdah and Howrah section but with reinforcement, the state and the railway police soon managed to disperse the protesters.State Additional DG (Law and Order) Surajit Kar Purakayashthya said 700 bandh supporters, including BJP state president Rahul Sinha, were arrested for trying to impose the strike. A parked private bus was torched near Howrah's Tikiapara.Similar instances of muscle-flexing were reported in some areas of North 24-Parganas. In Barasat, the BJP supporters ransacked at least four buses. They also attacked a long-distance bus at Amdanga and ransacked a few private cars leading cops to round up around 40 bandh activists from the district. But their shutdown effort did not affect the Barrackpore industrial belt and Kolkata airport.BJP activists were also active in some parts of the city. Thirty-six of them were nabbed for blocking roads. The party activists however managed to keep Burrabazar shut. Meanwhile, attendance in state government offices was high, thanks to a circular issued by the state government that said absence would mean deduction of salary. Attendance was as high as 93% in Writers' Building.The BJP led National Democratic Front sponsored bandh ended in Bengal without any major law and order trouble. However, several muscle flexing efforts were made by bandh supporters in different parts of the state and the city, though they achieved little.According to transport minister Madan Mitra, 21 state transport corporation buses were damaged - either with stones or torched - in different parts of the state. A driver and a conductor of a state bus were injured and admitted to hospital.In most part of the state and the city, train services remained normal, and the bandh could not dent the normal operations in different industrial belts of the state including the tea garden sector of north Bengal. In the city, despite lesser presence of commuters, metro rail service was normal, operations in city airport were not disrupted, and even the state's IT hub - Salt Lake Sector V - worked normally like other days in presence of huge police contingent.State Additional DG (Law and Order) Surajit Kar Purakayashthya said 700 bandh supporters were arrested across the state including BJP state president Rahul Sinha who was taken into custody at Coochbehar town in north Bengal. Till Thursday evening, 35 persons were rounded up in Kolkata for trying to impose the bandh.Early on Thursday morning, the scene was however different from the rest of the day. Remembering previous bandh calls by the BJP, where the party activists vandalized vehicles at different parts of the city and the state, people ventured less on the roads and the private vehicles chose to stay off the roads.However state run services started running normally since the morning and additional state run buses and trams were seen on the roads to defy the strike, forcing bandh supporters to put up blockade on train tracks and roads.The initial blockades and gatherings disrupted train services in Sealdah and Howrah section but soon with reinforcement, state and railway police managed to disperse the activists to resume normal services.Meanwhile in the morning, bandh supporters tried their best to paralyze normal life in some pockets where they have some presence. In Howrah, they torched a parked private bus near Tikiapara, ransacked a few state buses at Uluberia, heckled passengers, attempted to set fire on vehicles and put series of blockades along rail track and roads. But timely intervention of cops foiled their attempt and later in the day gradually the city regained normalcy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13688534", "title": "'Kahaani' to be remade in Tamil", "text": "Vidya Bagchi, the pregnant woman portrayed by Vidya Balan in the critically acclaimed Kahaani, could soon assume her Tamil avatar with a Hindi serial production house bagging the vernacular remake rights.Endemol India Private Limted will join hands with noted Tamil production house Nemichand Jhabhak Productions for its maiden venture in Tamil which will be the remake of the Sujoy Ghosh-directed film where Vidya Balan portrayed the role of a pregnant woman in search of her husband in the bustling metropolis of Kolkata.\"Remake rights is owned by Endemol while investment partner of the movie in Tamil would be V Hitesh Jhabak of Nemichand Jhabak Productions,\" a release said.Talks were on with top three directors and two heroines of Tamil cinema and a formal announcement was expected soon, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694633", "title": "Trinamool leader held in Canning murder case", "text": "KOLKATA: The arrest of a Trinamool leader on Wednesday, in connection with the murder of the ruling party's Canning-II block president Manik Paik, has once again brought to the light the factional feud in the party in South 24-Parganas.Paik, the 52-year-old Trinamool leader, was shot on March 30 night when he was asleep in his room. Soon after the incident, the leader's family members alleged that a rival faction of the party was behind the murder. His wife Uma suspected involvement of Saibal Lahiri, the president of Canning I block of Trinamool Congress .Officers of state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) on Wednesday rounded up Hasan Mollah, the Trinamool youth leader in the area, who is believed to be close to Paik's rival camp. CID officers said that Mollah has been arrested from Nagartala of Canning. Spl IG, CID, Vineet Goyal confirmed the arrest.Though the talks of factional feud surfaced soon after the murder, some Trinamool leaders - C M Jatua and Syamal Mondal - did not admit it and blamed CPM for the murder. Sujan Chakraborty, the district CPM secretary in South 24-Parganas, rubbished the allegations. The increasing political blame game, however, prodded state government to ask CID to probe the murder. Nearly two weeks back the officers rounded up Majid Jamadar, a professional killer, with murder weapon. During interrogation, Jamadar reportedly confessed his involvement in the case and revealed Mollah's name as the person who engaged him to kill Paik.On the fateful day, Paik was sleeping in his room keeping the windows open when the assailant came and opened two rounds of fire at him. Paik died on the spot.The investigators confirmed that apart from Mollah, more political persons are involved. They, however, did not disclose the names of the persons who, according to them, had hatched the murder plan. But the officials said that more persons would be arrested after the interrogation of Mollah is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702030", "title": "Change of Genre in Punjabi Movies with \"Khauf \u2013 The Hand\"", "text": "The action, drama and comedy packed Punjabi films will see a sheer shift in genre with Khauf- The Hand, a horror movie. Moreover, it will be a 3d movie- a double surprise for Punjabi movies lovers.?Directed by Karan Singh Maan, film stars Jimmy Sharma, Gauri Singh, Aman Singh, Kavita Arora, Arvinder Bhatti and Chandan Prabhakar in key roles. Mika , Rahat Fateh Ali Khan , Shaan , Kamal Khan have given their voices for playback songs in the movie.Khauf - The Hand is also said to be higher in the budget as compare to the other Punjabi Movies. Estimate budget spend for this movie is somewhere between 3 to 4 crores. The movie is expected to release later this year.Source: Punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13696138", "title": "New property tax likely to hurt Haryana residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the finance department and legal remembrance giving their go ahead, Haryana is likely to clear the proposal on property tax in the cabinet meeting on Friday.The property tax will affect residents, especially those dwelling in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonepat and state capital region of Panchkula municipal corporation, where the collector rate is already high.According to officials, more the collector rate, higher will be the property tax as per the new formula devised by the state government. As per the proposal, there will be relief for the owners of residential plots of less then 100 square yards and flats having a covered area of 500 square feet. The residents will have to pay property tax for the period 2008-10.Meanwhile, the residents will also be burdened by fire tax. Owners of non residential properties shall have to pay fire tax, which will be 10% of their property tax.Those who have rented out entire premises of residential properties will face a tax equivalent to 2% of rental value or the formula devised for ascertaining house tax on the collector rate formula. Similarly, in case of commercial buildings property tax will be calculated on the basis of collector rate as well 5% of the monthly rental value of the property, the proposal states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13694973", "title": "Train passengers run into bandh", "text": "PANCHKULA: Hundreds of passengers had a harrowing time when protesters stopped two trains near gate number 125, Panchkula, on Thursday morning as a part of Bharat Bandh call to protest the recent petrol price hike.The two trains, Delhi-Chandigarh Shatabdi and Himalayan Queen, were delayed by about an hour, inconveniencing several passengers. \"I had an important meeting at 11.30am. But as I reached Chandigarh around 12.20pm due to the bandh, I could not attend it,\" said Devyank Ghosh, a resident of Sector 8, Chandigarh, who was coming to UT from Delhi by Shatabdi. \"The protest has upset my plans. I wanted to attend my coaching classes at 11am, but I could not reach on time, as protesters had halted my train,\" said Preeti Handa, a resident of Sector 11, Panchkula.Those waiting to receive their near and dear ones at the station, too, faced a tough time. \"I have been standing here since half-an-hour, and the authorities are not telling us when Delhi-Chandigarh Shatabdi will reach the station. My daughter and her kids are coming to spend their vacations with us,\" said Rajbinder Singh, a resident of Sector 16, Panchkula. \"I have been waiting since half-an-hour for my senior, who is coming by Himalayan Queen.The hot weather is making the wait tough,\" said Debojit of Sector 15, Chandigarh.The station superintendent, Praveen Kumar, said, \"Protesters had stopped only these two trains near gate number 125, Panchkula. The other trains were not affected. The scheduled time of Shatabdi to reach Chandigarh from Delhi was around 11.05am, but it came around 11.55am. Himalayan Queen was to reach Chandigarh from Delhi at 10.22am, but it chugged in around 11.24am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694514", "title": "Court fees, marriage bills tabled in Assembly", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Court Fees (Delhi Amendment) Bill, 2012 - which proposes a 10-fold hike in fees - was introduced in the Assembly on Thursday.The Bill, approved by the Delhi cabinet in April, seeks to do away with stamp paper of all denominations and proposes a shift to the electronic-stamping facility, a move aimed at ensuring hassle-free transactions.Once the new rate comes into effect, revenue collection from court fees is expected to go up to Rs 500 crore annually from Rs 50 crore.The Delhi government also tabled the Delhi Registration of Marriage Bill in the Assembly. If passed, the bill will make it mandatory for every couple to register their marriage within 60 days of the wedding. Failure to do so will fetch a penalty of Rs 10,000. Also, if the couple provides any faulty information, they can be sent to jail.The Bill, which will be opened for discussion in the Assembly on Friday, makes registration of all marriages mandatory under the Hindu Marriage Act or Special Marriage Act.s per the Bill, registration of marriage will take place in the office of the Registrar of Marriages in whose jurisdiction either the husband or wife resides or in whose jurisdiction the marriage is solemnised. However, both the parties are to be accompanied by a witness. The act will apply on all the marriages solemnised outside Delhi or India involving Delhi residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695458", "title": "Coalgate: Team Anna firm on CBI probe, govt tells them to take legal action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna remained steadfast on its demand for an independent probe against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on charges of corruption leveled in the draft CAG report while dismissing CBI as a compromised agency.The group was reacting to news that the Central Vigilance Commission had asked for a CBI probe of coal block allocation between 2006-2009. Activist Arvind Kejriwal said the PM was minister in charge of CBI and this was a \"sham\" of an investigation. \"These investigations are meant to give PM a clean chit. Why is the PM scared of investigation,\" he asked.The strong reactions came on a day when the government continued its offensive against Team Anna and condemned their attempt to \"demolish\" a constitutional office, demanding that the group take legal recourse if they felt necessary.Responding to queries, I&B; minister Ambika Soni said it was easy to demolish the confidence of people in democratic institutions and the office of the prime minister. \"Members, who were closely associated with Anna Hazare, for keeping themselves in the headlines, have almost made a campaign to demolish the basic confidence of people in our democratic institutions,\" she said.Responding to queries, the minister said the documents on the basis of which they were making these allegations were the \"primary draft\" of the CAG report and \"comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai had also said that quoting from the draft could be misleading and erroneous\".Team Anna plan to take their campaign to the streets travelling across the country in June and July. The campaign will kickstart on June 3 with a joint fast by activist Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev at Ramlila Maidan.Ramdev and Hazare will be joined by Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi, Gopal Rai and Manish Sisodia. The activists will press on with their demand for a probe on the corruption charges leveled against the PM and 14 Cabinet colleagues and setting up of fast track courts to hear charges pending against 162 parliamentarians.The campaign, which has been marred by constant speculation of differences between Team Anna and Ramdev and differences among different members of Team Anna, has got a fresh lease of life after PM Manmohan Singh refuted corruption charges laid against him and offered to quit.The activists have refused to be cowed down by this and, in fact, stuck to their guns. They now plan to travel across the country in June and July before sitting on an indefinite fast from July 25 if these two demands are not met.Soni also questioned the authenticity of CAG's findings saying the author Vinod Rai himself had said that the draft report could be \"misleading\" and \"erroneous\". \"They are accusing and raising their fingers on no one less than the PM on the basis of a preliminary draft report of the CAG,\" she said, reminding that many such drafts have been revised and corrected in the past.\"Their attempt to demolish the office of the PM, that too, of a person like Manmohan Singh is highly condemnable,\" she said.Virtually daring Team Anna members to take legal recourse if they had any proof, Soni said, \"If they have some points to make, they have a course to follow under the law of the land.\"The minister at the same time made it clear that her criticism \"in no way reduces, demolishes or minimizes the importance of eradicating corruption in our country\" for which there are means and ways according to the laws of the land.Soni compared Team Anna's attack as an \"individual approbating the process of law and wanting to circumvent it\".She said the CAG report goes through a process and also comes to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC), which has representation from all parties.Referring to the \"division\" in Team Anna, she said, \"Anna says something, Prashant Bhushan says something and Kerjiwal says something else\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694406", "title": "Residents blame Noida Authority for not maintaining parks", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority claim to spend huge amounts on development of green cover in the city, but residents have been complaining that for the last six months maintenance of parks has been completely stopped. Residents also allege that the Authority has not been paying attention towards maintenance of trees planted in green belts.\"The condition of many parks in Sector 62 have become pathetic since the last six months as no work is being carried out by the horticulture or the maintenance departments,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs. \"Not only parks, but even walking tracks have been lying in a state of disrepair. First, the Authority cited the 'model code of conduct' for not doing the works, then the absence of a CEO, but work has not begun even now,\" said SM Singh.Some enterprising residents have been cleaning parks and maintaining them on their own, but say this cannot go on for long as they have limited time and resources at their disposal.Residents say that due to non-availability of contractors, trees and shrubs planted in parks have begun wilting in the harsh summer because there is no one to water them. \"Pumps and motors in parks have also turned to junk as they have been lying idle for so many months,\" said SM Singh.\"There is no one to tend or water the trees in the green belt in Sector 33,\" said NP Singh, president of Federation of Noida RWAs.The Noida Authority, however, says that it has found contractors for maintenance for parks and have pressed them to duty. \"In Sector 62, we have already put a contractor on the job who will attend to all parks on a rotation basis,\" said a horticulture department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693780", "title": "Non Government Organisations to rally in Coimbatore on June 5", "text": "COIMBATORE: The NGOs in Coimbatore have formed a consortium to organize a rally on June 5, World Environmental Day.The rally known as 'Nizhal Thedi Nadai ( Walk In Search of Shade)' will involve people from all walks of the society - students, trade bodies, residential associations, corporates, farmers, medical and legal fraternity - in short, all the beneficiaries of nature.Exhorting everyone to walk for themselves and nature, the organisers said that people should spare one hour to join this walkathon.Hema Karunakaran IPS, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore will preside over the function as chief guest and flag off the rally from Mani Higher Secondary School at 8.30am. The rally will pass through Nethaji Road, Bharathiar Road, Dr Nanjappa Road and culminate at VOC Park. Cyclists will be leading the team thus spreading the message of an eco-friendly &amp; pollution-free lifestyle. .\"Today, we are on the brink of an ecological disaster. The government alone cannot protect the environment. As consumers, each one of us should take a pledge to safeguard the environment,\" said Vanitha Mohan, managing trustee, Siruthuli, a green NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13697063", "title": "Common man grounded as autos stay off roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: As commuters faced problems finding autos and taxis on Thursday, the digital board at the prepaid booth outside New Delhi Railway Station kept flashing the number '0'. \"Just 10-15 taxis are operating , and those have not come to us for noting down their numbers,\" said the person managing the booth.For common people like the Singhs, who had just returned from a fun-filled trip to Maharashtra, being out on the road became a nightmare .Caught between a blazing sun and unrelenting drivers, they had to fight their way home. The family of six, including an injured senior citizen , waited 40 minutes outside the station to hail a taxi to Tilak Nagar. \"We have been looking for an auto or a taxi for more than half an hour. There are almost no autos here and the taxi drivers are overcharging . One auto driver agreed to take us home but asked for Rs 220 when the normal fare is Rs 150,\" said Robin Singh. The Singhs finally went home by the Metro, but only after Robin made three trips between the kerb and the Metro station to transfer their bags.Other travellers told similar stories. \"I am going to Gurgaon by cab as there are no autos here, not even at the prepaid booth. He is charging me Rs 900: I don't have a choice as I have just returned from a hometown visit with my family,\" said Rajender Prasad.Across the city, people complained about autos overcharging, forcing them to travel 'shared' , and refusing to carry them outright. \"I waited for more than an hour to reach the station from AIIMS. I did not take the Metro as I had a lot of luggage with me.\"The autos were not willing to go, and the one that brought me here charged thrice the regular fare,\" said Ravi Chandran in Harinagar . However, auto unions said they had supported the bandh as they were at the receiving end of the price hike. \"We have been planning to strike for the last few days. We have been bearing the brunt for a long time. Auto fares were last revised in 2010.\"Since then, CNG prices have increased eight times,\" said Rajender Soni of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh. We want the government to provide us CNG at Rs 21.9 per kilo and drop the VAT proposal . The prices of spare parts have also gone up.\" The auto strike that began at midnight on Wednesday ended at 8pm on Thursday .With inputs from Irfan Ahmad, Arjun Bibhas, Somreet Bhattacharya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696329", "title": "Matric, Higher Secondary results delayed", "text": "GUWAHATI: The declaration of results of the High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate examinations (HSSLC) has been delayed even as the Supreme Court directed Seba to declare the results before June 10. It is doubtful whether Seba, which conducts the matric exam, will be able to adhere to the Supreme Court's directive.According to Seba officials, the delay is due to the various anomalies that took place during the matric exam this year and thus, it would take longer than last year to declare the result.Seba chairman Shantikam Hazarika said, \"As there were a lot of anomalies in the matric examination this year, it would take some time to declare the results. There were a lot of problems in the evaluation process too due to the frequent power shortage,\" he said.When asked about the early declaration of CBSE exam results, Hazarika said, \"There is no point of comparing Seba with CBSE as we have a lot of schools in interior places and we have to take all the schools into account, so it will definitely take more time.\" \"As of now, we have not decided the date for declaring the results as a lot of work is still pending,\" he said.The Assam Higher Secondary Council has, however, given June 4 as the date for declaring the result and they are in the last leg of preparation. U C Das, secretary of AHSEC said, \"Last year, we declared the results on May 23 and this year too, we were planning to declare it in May itself. But, there were many last minute changes so the process got delayed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694592", "title": "Groundwater levels show sharp fall", "text": "NOIDA: With the temperature soaring to new heights, groundwater supply in Noida has become a concern for the district administration. According to a survey conducted by Noida and Greater Noida authorities, groundwater is steadily decreasing with wells in certain areas in Jewar becoming almost dry. Officials explained that due to rampant pollution and illegal boring, the water table is steadily decreasing and steps need to be taken to ensure that both the quality and quantity of the water in the area can be sustained.According to the survey, certain areas in the district are critically in need of rejuvenating the groundwater supply. \"Water level trend analysis of pre-monsoon and post monsoon data reveals that out of seven wells considered, three situated in Jewar, Dankaur and Dadri showed declining trends. This is attributed to the fact that most of these areas are semi-urban centres which heavily depend on groundwater for catering to domestic as well as irrigation needs,\" reads the report.Officials explained that due to increase in population, pressure on the existing groundwater reserves is especially high. \"The district has seen the highest growth in population in comparison to any other in the state. It has been a site of rapid development and industrialization and all this is having a serious effect on water supply,\" said an official.The groundwater development in the district is still as a nascent stage, said officials. \"The present level of groundwater development is maximum (74.64%) in Bisrakh block which houses Noida and major parts of Greater Noida urban areas. The minimum (25.98%) development has been recorded in Dadri block,\" reads the report.In the face of decreasing water levels, the Greater Noida Authority has made it mandatory for plots larger than 100 sqm to allow for rainwater harvesting via the roof through which it can be channelized to pits. On bigger plots, which are industrial, commercial or institutional, measures must be made for rainwater harvesting,\" said RK Arora, water department, Greater Noida Authority.To conserve water, the UP government and Noida Authority have decided to make installation of water harvesting systems in plots of more than 300m and above mandatory. Also, installation of the system in 64 parks of the city is underway. In addition, micro-filters have been installed at the source of supply, at the storage level and from where water goes to sectors and block lines. Salt-based systems have been installed for chlorination in underground reservoirs and overhead tanks. Additionally, random water samples are taken from users on a weekly basis to keep a check. However, the enforcement of the water harvesting guidelines in Noida isn't up to the mark, admitted officials.\"We have also identified ponds and other natural catchment areas which the Authority is maintaining and conserving naturally,\" said MD Pandey, water department, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695746", "title": "Wheat stocks, jute sacks seized from ex-BJP leader's premises", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major haul, the food and civil supplies department seized a hundreds of quintals of wheat and over 1,500 jute sacks from the premises of a former BJP leader Ram Narain Trivedi in Sitapur on Thursday. In the FIR lodged in this connection, Trivedi and his son Abhishek have been accused of black-marketing and illegal hoarding of subsidized foodgrain.The department made the seizure following a tip-off on hoarding and black-marketing of subsidized wheat released by the government for distribution through the public distribution system (PDS). Following the tip-off, SDM Sadar AK Singh raided the premises in Arahawal Khurd village under Khairabad police station of Sitapur and seized hundreds of quintals of wheat and over 1500 empty government-owned jute sacks. Further inquiries revealed that the owner of the premises, Ram Narain Trivedi, was a listed transporter of the Pradeshik Co-operative Federation (PCF). On May 24 last, the district manager of PCF Prem Shanker issued challans for 1,500 wheat sacks out of which 1,000 sacks were meant for Shalarpur village and the remaining 500 for Larpur villages of the district. The challans were issued to Trivedis for transportation and delivery of the sacks.As per norms, the transporter is required to load and deliver the sacks within 24 hours of the challans being issued. In case of delay, the transporter is required to inform the PCF authorities about the reasons behind it in writing. The PCF is then required to depute another transporter to deliver the load. However, despite the challans for the sacks being issued on May 24, the Trivedi duo decided to keep the consignment with them and did not inform the authorities so that an alternative arrangement could be made to deliver the same.Trivedis failed to explain the reason behind the delay in delivery of the consignment. Abhishek Trivedi, however, claimed since the truck carrying the consignment broke down the consignment was unloaded. The authorities, however, refused to buy this reasoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13694822", "title": "Revival of young turks tops agenda", "text": "HUBLI: In a bid to infuse fresh blood into the party and build a second line of leadership at all levels of party's organization, the Indian Youth Congress began its three-day 'Chintan-Manthan' national executive sessions here on Thursday.Keeping the event a low profile affair, the youth wing of the Congress party focused its discussion on the first day at a hotel in Hubli on the performance of the Youth Congress for the past six months and the activities to be taken up in future.The forthcoming elections to Parliament and the strategy to be adopted to clinch maximum number of seats were the main aspects of the discussion.All India Youth Congress president Rajiv Satav, addressing the opening session attended by the presidents and general secretaries of the state youth Congress committees and office-bearers of the national executive committee, said the youth Congress has been rejuvenated by holding elections to all the posts in the organization at all the levels.He called upon the delegates to make all the units pro-active and help build second line of leadership. Reviewing the performance of the party over the past six months, he said the lacunae found during the analysis should help take corrective steps.Satav said the expectations of the people in the country from the youth are high and the party should rise to the occasion.Stating that AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi was keen on developing and strengthening the Youth Congress on democratic lines, Satav emphasized the need for the party workers to work as a team to achieve the goal.AICC general secretary in-charge of youth Congress and MP Meenakshi Natarajan, Sunny Moul Hussain and others also spoke.\"People should be informed about the pro-people policies and programmes of Congress party and ensure that they get the benefits of these programmes. Youth Congress workers have a major role to play in ensuring this,\" they said.The presidents of the Youth Congress units from different states explained the activities taken up by their respective units.Rajiv Satav told TOI that Rahul Gandhi's charisma had not failed to make an impact on Uttar Pradesh voters as is being projected in the media. The Congress had managed to increase its vote share in the UP Assembly elections. There were other factors that were responsible for the party's debacle, he claimed.\"We are eying the elections to Lok Sabha and are confident of winning 40-45 seats in UP. Under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi, Youth Congress will emerge as a strong cadre-based organization with innovative ideas and concepts keeping in view the changing global scenario,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696731", "title": "Container truckers call off 24-hr-long strike at city port", "text": "CHENNAI: Truckers at the Chennai port called off their nearly 24-hour-long flash strike on Thursday evening.The truckers went into a strike on Wednesday evening after the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) men at the port denied entry to a few containers that did not sport valid container numbers, leading to a backlog of nearly 3,000 containers at the port on Thursday.A senior port official said the strike was called by truckers in Chennai Container Terminal Limited (CCTL) against CISF personnel for crosschecking the Container Safety Convention (CSC) plates of all import containers with the numbers on the documents. Any container used for international transport must have a valid CSC plate. \"The strike affected the entire cargo movement at the entry and exit gates of the port. It has affected vessel operations too,\" said the official.According to official sources, the CISF staff decided to stop a few containers on Wednesday night after they found that the numbers were missing in CSC plate. According to port traffic department, the vessel operations were delayed up to 12 hours. \"It was a nightmare,\" said a freight operator based in Chennai. Besides the pending containers at both the import and the export sections, hundreds of trucks were awaiting entry into the port, said industry sources.It was the third strike at Chennai port in the last six months, and it took more than a week to restore normalcy in the last two strikes in October 2011 and April 2012.The Chennai port clears about 1,500-1,800 trucks every day. Sources in the port said the queue of container trucks stretched for several kilometers in the Ennore route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695146", "title": "Outgoing Army chief's last shot, fake encounter claim was not probed", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a parting shot at both new Army chief General Bikram Singh and 3 Corps commander Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, Gen V K Singh on Thursday expressed \"concern\" that a probe was not conducted into the complaint of an alleged fake encounter in which three persons were apparently killed in Dimapur.While the alleged encounter took place in March 2010, the confidential complaint about the incident was lodged by a major -- T Ravi Kiran of 3 Corps Intelligence and Surveillance Unit (CISU) -- in January this year when Gen Bikram Singh was the Eastern Army commander and Lt-Gen Suhag was the 3 Corps commander at Dimapur.\"When something is written to me, I forward it to the HQs concerned to investigate. So far as I know, it has not been investigated. This is one of the issues we are seriously looking at... Obviously, everybody is concerned that such a thing should happen and investigation does not take place,\" said Gen V K Singh.Earlier this month, Gen V K Singh had also slapped a show-cause censure notice and discipline and vigilance (DV) ban on Lt-Gen Suhag, who was the frontrunner to become the chief in August 2014 but whose promotion to Army commander rank is now on hold. The notice accuses Lt-Gen Suhag of lapses in command in handling a botched-up intelligence operation by the same CISU in Jorhat district of Assam last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699346", "title": "Nakuul Mehta is a Surekha Sikri Fan!", "text": "Nakuul Mehta, who makes his television debut with Star Plus' upcoming show Pyar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyara Pyara, is a huge Surekha Sikri aka dadisa fan (of Balika Vadhu fame).Nakuul, who was last seen in the film Haal-e-Di l and has done some of the most popular advertisements on TV, feels dadisa aka Surekha Sikri is a powerhouse of talent. Nakuul follows Balika Vadhu and can't stop gushing about the veteran actor. \"Surekha ji is mind blowing and she is one of the most talented actors in the Indian entertainment industry. It's heartening to see such great talent and the kind of work she's doing.\"Nakuul is also all praises for fellow TV actors and doesn't feel the least bit threatened nor is he apprehensive about his debut. \"I'm the least bit apprehensive and I don't feel threatened. You have to be really insecure to think like that. Working on this show has been so much fun because there is a lot of give and take between actors and I feel fortunate to work with Nitesh Pandey, Mansi Salvi and other fellow actors.\"Here's wishing Nakuul all the best for TV his debut on 18th June 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13696203", "title": "Woman liquor smuggler caught in her web", "text": "JALANDHAR: Jalandhar police commissionerate has cracked open a three-week-old case of alleged attempt on the life of woman liquor smuggler Jassi Pardhan. It can been revealed that Pardhan had orchestrated the drama and inflicted an injury upon herself to implicate an excise and taxation officer and a sub inspector as they had acted against her.Pardhan, a resident of Rajan Nagar in Basti Peer Daad, had alleged that she was fired upon by the officials on the night of May 9 and was admitted to a local civil hospital. Though she did not name the officials, she later put the blame on ETO Sukhwinder Singh and SI Avtar Singh. It was also revealed in the inquiry that the injury caused by the bullet was a superficial one. A case was registered under Section 307 of the IPC (attempt to murder) on her statement.ACP (West) R P S Sandhu said during investigations it was found that the ETO and SI had raided Pardhan's house on April 20 and she had attacked the raiding party. \"Pardhan is already booked in two cases of liquor smuggling and often threatened government officials with dharnas whenever the excise department or police sought any action against her,\" ACP Sandhu said.A case under sections 353 and 186 of the IPC for assaulting an official on duty and causing obstruction in discharging his official duty has been registered against Pardhan, who has been arrested. The accused had hatched the conspiracy with one Gurpreet Gora of Moga, whose mother is a village sarpanch.Gora and his accomplices came to Pardhan's residence on the night of May 9 and Gora fired two bullets in air from a country-made illegal pistol to create an impression that Pardhan was actually shot at. \"We have arrested Pardhan, driver of the vehicle Sonu and one Chamkaur while Gora and three others are on the run,\" Sandu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695164", "title": "Australian woman's claims over right to birth dismissed", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum recently dismissed a complaint filed by an Australian woman after she alleged that a city-based gynaecologist denied her the reproductive right of having a normal delivery and instead performed a Caesarean section. In the judgment passed last week, the forum observed that the clinical findings show that prognosis of the doctor was correct and she followed normal and settled protocol while suggesting Emergency Caesarian Section (ECS).The woman, who is married to an Indian, said she had consulted the doctor for her second pregnancy and had expressed a strong desire for a normal delivery. Her first child was born by C-section in Delhi and the second baby was due in March 2006. However, after the examination, the doctor informed her that she was not a suitable candidate for normal delivery. Dissatisfied, the woman approached another healthcare centre, where she was assured that she could have a normal delivery.On March 24, 2006, after being overdue, she returned to the first hospital where the doctor examined her and obtained her consent for an ECS. She delivered a baby girl and was discharged three days later. However, she alleged that she was wrongly stamped as an ECS and normal delivery was denied to her. She further stated that the ECS was pre-planned by the doctor and she was made to believe that there would not be a normal delivery. On February 2, 2008 she filed a complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum.The doctor denied the allegations and said that on going through the medical history and after examination, the woman was informed that there was only 50% chance of normal delivery. During the assessments made over the entire duration of the pregnancy, the doctor said the nature of the woman's uterus was dangerous for natural birth and may rupture during labour. It was communicated to her and her husband when they came back to the hospital for delivery in March 2006.The doctor further stated that after the delivery, when in Australia, the woman had consulted her for the third delivery and necessary information and advice was passed on.The forum said that facts showed that despite the doctor explaining that there was only 50% chance of a normal delivery, the woman continued to visit the hospital and preferred to be under her care. The forum noted that the allegations were made only two years later. \"This conduct of the complainant in filing a complaint after two years militates to her allegations in the compl8aint,\" the forum said. Further, the forum observed that this was her second ECS and there was no material to show that she had raised grievances earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696280", "title": "Traders support bandh but lose crores", "text": "BANGALORE: Thursday was one of the few days when you could hear a cycle bell on Commercial Street or Chickpet or Gandhi Bazaar. The bustling commercial hub of MG Road and Brigade Road wore a deserted look, with almost all shops, apparel stores, eateries and cafeterias downing their shutters. Business was hit, but the traders' associations bore losses in crores to register its protest against the petrol price hike.Commercial Street Traders' Association supported the bandh and about 250 stores were shut through the day. \"About 3,000 employees work in shops on Commercial Street and are affected by the fuel price hike. Such a steep hike increases their living costs and they either shift their business or die down. We're not supporting any political party but protesting the steep hike in petrol prices,\" Ajay Motwani, president of the association, told TOI.Trade bodies were putting together bandh-related losses. Commercial Street rings up business of about Rs 15 crore on a average weekday, said Motwani. The Gandhi Bazaar Traders' Association M Venkatesh said they too supported the bandh and losses here are estimated to be around Rs 2 crore.The silence around the MG Road-Brigade Road area was broken by evening. Crowds came in their bikes and cars once the dawn-to-dusk bandh ended at 6pm. But bigger shops and establishments remained closed the entire day and only eateries opened.\"We had no choice but to close down shops because public transport was crippled completely. We wouldn't have done much business anyway. The average weekday earning of 127 shops here would be around Rs 10 crore, which is likely to be a loss for Thursday,\" said Suhail Yusuf, president, Brigade Road Shops and Establishments' Association.Eateries and hotels remained shut from morning to evening. Around 6,000 hotels under the Hotels' Association of Bangalore (HAB) remained closed till 6pm. \"The running costs in our business cannot be avoided. We have to pay waiters and cooks for the whole day, anyway. The loss incurred from morning could run up to crores if all hotels are considered,\" said Vasudev Adiga, president, HAB. Adiga himself shut his 15 outlets in the city for the whole day.However, Russell Market remained open and businessmen said the situation was peaceful through the day. KR Market was closed up to 6pm and a few shops opened late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693602", "title": "Priest shot dead in his ashram near Surat", "text": "SURAT: A 60-year-old mahant of Tejanand Ashram located at Kharwasa on the outskirts of the city was shot dead in his room on Wednesday night.Following a complaint by one of the disciples of the ashram, the police have started investigations.According to the complaint, Swami Ashutosh das Guru Vishnu Das had retired for the day in his room on Wednesday night. When he did not come out in the morning, ashram inmates got curious and started searching for him. Later they found his body lying in a pool of blood inside the room on Thursday morning. He was shot from a point blank range and a hole in the mat on the wall suggested that bullet pierced through him .Police registered the complaint at 2 pm and Sachin police station inspector JC Raoulji has started the investigation. Police is probing all angles but believe that there were more than one assailant involved in the murder.The motive of the murder is still being investigated but police say that prima facie it looked like a fall-out of some personal enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696850", "title": "State govt to computerise land records", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government will implement the centrally-sponsored scheme to computerise land records in 221 taluk offices across the state. The government will recruit more than 400 computer operators through the employment exchange.According to sources in the revenue department, a computer and a laser jet printer will be supplied to each taluk office entailing a total expenditure of 1.25 crore. A photo copier will be supplied to the survey section of each taluk office which will cost 22 lakh.\"The supply and installation of these products are nearing completion,\" a senior revenue department official said. He said the state-owned Elcot has been requested to provide wide area network connectivity for the computers. The National Informatics Centre has been requested to develop a web-based software for uploading status of patta transfer applications so that the disposal of these application can be monitored frequently at various levels.District collectors have also been instructed to employ two data entry operators at each taluk office by obtaining the list of job seekers from the employment exchange. A data entry operator will be paid 5,000 per month and this would cost the exchequer around 2.64 crore per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696007", "title": "Get sewer link in seven days or face action: HUDA to factories", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has instructed over a dozen industrial units based near Hero Honda Chowk to apply for sewer connections within a week failing which they would face action under Water Pollution Act. The decision to take action against the industrial units was taken after a taskforce under HUDA official Sarvesh Joon visited the site and found industrial waste flowing into the Badshapur drain. \"These industrial units are violating environment rules and passing the sewer waste directly to the drain. During inspection it was found that these industrial units don't have sewer connections from HUDA,\" said Joon.He also said that the inspection report would be submitted to the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , for follow-up action.Refusing to divulge the names of the industrial units, Joon said, \"The units have been given a week's time to apply for the permission for sewer connection so that the waste can be flowed into HUDA sewer lines.\"At present, untreated industrial waste including toxic chemicals are being released in to the Badshapur drain. The HUDA team has also sealed a pumping machine of a factory which was being used to flow untreated effluent into Badshapur drain. Ideally, the industrial units should have proper sewer connection so that waste from their plants goes straight to the Behrampur STP for treatment.The treated sewage from Behrampur flows through the Badshapur drain. \"By releasing untreated waste, the industrial units are defeating the entire purpose of having a sewage treatment plant and adding toxic elements and pollutants to the treated sewage coming out of the STP,\" said Joon.In the past, TOI had reported that the underperformance of Behrampur STP was impacting the groundwater level and the Yamuna in Delhi. From the Behrampur treatment plant, the treated sewage travels to Delhi, through Badshapur drain and Najafgarh drain. It is learnt that before entering Delhi, in numerous locations, untreated industrial waste is released directly into the drain, impacting Yamuna. The situation could be controlled if the state government takes stern action against the industrial units guilty of releasing untreated waste.A recent study conducted by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) with the assistance of Delhi IIT revealed that 43 industrial clusters, including Faridabad and Panipat, are critically polluted. HUDA officials claimed that having sewer connection in industrial units would greatly reduce the pollution level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696675", "title": "Bharat Bandh: Babus stay home", "text": "BANGALORE: If attendance at government offices is a parameter, Bharat Bandh in Karnataka was a huge success. Thanks to the BJP government's outside support to the strike, government employees who didn't make it to their work places will now get the benefit of doubt.Officials sources said employees will be granted special casual leave if they can give their bosses a \"proper reason\" for absence.Thin attendance was recorded in the secretariat and other major government offices in Bangalore. Several ministers stayed away from offices as they joined the party's protest rally at Mysore Bank Circle before attending the marriage of former CM BS Yeddyurappa's granddaughter.Earlier in the day, chief minister DV Sadanand Gowda and law minister S Suresh Kumar reached their offices on bicycles accompanied by security personnel after taking a symbolic protest ride around Cubbon Park. Lashing out at the UPA government, Gowda said it had increased petrol prices 13 times. \"If the UPA government doesn't address the price hike issue, then CMs and ministers will have to use cycles for official work,\" he said.Gowda said his government would look into the possibility of reducing cess on petrol after the legislative council elections on June 10 and 11. BJP leaders led by state BJP president K S Eshwarappa protested near Mysore Bank Circle and courted arrest.The Karnataka government should reduce the burden of the common man by cutting petrol cess that amounts to nearly 50% of the price, KPCC president G Parameshwara said. \"I'm not defending the Centre. I'm just saying the state too has a big role to play here,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13696722", "title": "China loves everybody, India a little more", "text": "BEIJING: \"The furthest distance in the world/ Is not %between life and death/ But when I stand in front of you/ Yet you don't know that I %love you.\"Reciting these immortal lines from Rabindranath Tagore is the suave and charming You Jianhua. He is the director general of coordination in the international department of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) - a pretty senior position. He is urging the point that China loves everybody, with a hint of emphasis towards India. During a luncheon banquet, he says that he has a Ganesha in his drawing room because he has great respect for India.This is the kind of reaction India evokes - mostly, among the sophisticated elite. They talk of ancient cultures and shared histories, and of another more recent commonality, high GDP growth rates. \"We are both strong, emerging economies\" is a constant refrain.But as you leave the rarified circles and mingle with commoners, more color gets painted in. And, one gets a sense of barely concealed curiosity. \"Ah, India! 'Slumdog Millionnaire'!\" exclaims Hao Yuenan, a former soldier and currently working in the information office of Sichuan, a province in south central China, right next to Tibet .Across the vast nation, everybody seems to have seen this Oscar-winning film because it was shown on CCTV, China's official telecaster. Even in a remote village of the Qiang ethnic group, a shopkeeper beams and says something excitedly to the local interpreter. He is saying that he loved 'Slumdog', she translates with a knowing grin.Knowledge about India is curiously limited to images from television. In several places, people ask whether it is true that Indians normally eat straight with their hands. There is a hint of suspicion that perhaps the TV programme on Indian cuisine and eating habits was not really representative.In Haimen, Jiangsu province, on the eastern seaboard, Fen Chien who has adopted the Western name Henry for convenience of visiting foreigners, is transparently aghast at the confirmation of this habit. When asked whether he finds it embarrassing, Henry displays quick thinking.\"You eat with your hands because your food must be very delicious, isn't it?\" he says.Another slice of India that most people have enjoyed is Bollywood dances. Not whole films, not actors but the heavy-duty dance numbers, which seem to be aired sometimes on TV shows.\"I love the energy and the movements,\" says Xu Zhou, a young university student from Beijing. \"And the ...freedom,\" she adds after struggling for a proper word. %What she probably means is \"abandon\".In a gigantic eating house, halfway between Beijing and the Great Wall, 2000 tourists can eat at a time in a vast hall on the first floor (called the second floor in China; their first floor is what we call the ground floor). In the equally big washrooms, piped music is playing. It sounds vaguely familiar. Then it suddenly clicks: it's an instrumental version of SRK's Chaiyya Chaiyya.In Mianyang city in Sichuan, a local journalist who calls himself Ray raises the population question. \"On TV they showed an image of a train with people sitting on the roofs and hanging from the sides,\" he says. There is no criticism - China after all has a larger population and one never hears any complaint about that. Ray is just worried that why do they have to travel on dangerous rooftops.But the one running theme - sometimes brazenly stated, sometimes politely implied - is trade relations. China is %a nation obsessed with economic growth. So everything is explored for its economic opportunity.In the Tianfu Software Park of Chengdu, Sichuan province's capital, officials delicately talk about making efforts to catch up with India's outsourcing industry.Sometimes, the approach is direct, as in Haimen. Fen Chien is on the municipality's Board of Commerce. So he is just doing his job when he asks whether there is any market for carbon brushes in India. \"There are many manufacturers of high quality carbon brushes here. They are looking for overseas markets,\" he says expectantly. He also offers bed textiles, of which the suburb of Dieshiquiao is an international hub with an annual turnover of over about $8 billion.On an off-chance he also recommends that Indian investors can find Haimen very profitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696121", "title": "Is the state prepared for any monsoon related eventuality?", "text": "The government is making preparations to counter monsoon related disasters in the taluka of Canacona. Flooding due to rains is being avoided by clearing drains. This will help in preventing breeding of mosquitoes which would otherwise lead to outbreaks of diseases like malaria, filaria and dengue during the monsoon. The health centers here also have medicines against such diseases and also diseases like diarrhoea. Besides this, the taluka also has a disaster management cell and mamlatdars have published emergency phone numbers.Dhillon Dessai, doctor CanaconaYes, the government is prepared for rain-related disasters, but more needs to be done. For instance, in the fight against diseases like malaria and dengue, which breakout during the monsoon, the government machinery in the form of health centres are well-prepared. But in case of floods and landslides more needs to be done. Similarly, the EMRI 108 ambulances are also doing a good job when it comes to transporting disaster and accident victims to hospitals and the fire brigade is also armed with modern and sophisticated equipment. On the whole, we are prepared for small disasters, but not for major ones.Ranjan Naik, consultant for diabetes registry, DHS, PanajiThe state of Goa is not prepared to face any monsoon related eventuality. In the capital city of Panaji the gutters are not cleaned and all trees are not trimmed. If gutters are not cleared then this could lead to flooding, causing breeding grounds for disease spreading mosquitoes. As the city roads are dug and kept, as soon as the rains come down the mud will spread on the roads causing vehicles to skid resulting in accidents. Besides, as the roads are narrow, it will be more difficult to provide medical aid to accident victims. The work for monsoons should be started at least two months in advance. But, as usual the work is delayed.Nirmala Abreu, associate professor, RibandarIn several places, the public works department (PWD) is busy improving the drainage system, tarring of roads and laying underground electrical lines. A good drainage system is most essential during the monsoons to facilitate the flow of water and avoid waterlogging, which can otherwise lead to disastrous consequences. Good and well tarred roads are also essential as there will be less accidents. Besides, underground electrical lines are necessary as any snapping of power lines can cause deaths due to electrocution. So I think the state is taking small steps to prevent rain related mishaps. But, lots more needs to be done.Chelsea DSilva, teacher, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13696562", "title": "Zinc helps kids fight infections", "text": "TOKYO: Zinc has now been found to be the wonder drug for children suffering from serious bacterial infections.The first study to assess the efficacy of zinc in addition to standard antibiotic therapy for suspected bacterial infections like pneumonia, sepsis and meningitis has found that children given zinc were 40% less likely to experience treatment failure (the need for secondary antibiotic treatment within 7 days, need for treatment in intensive care, or death within 21 days) than those given placebo. There was also a relative reduction (of 43%) in risk of death in the group assigned to zinc.The study was conducted by the Translational Health Science and Technology Institute and All India Institute of Medical Sciences in India, and will be announced by British medical journal the Lancet on Thursday.\"Zinc is an accessible, low-cost intervention that could add to the effect of antibiotic treatment and lead to substantial reductions in infant mortality, particularly in developing countries where millions of children die from serious infections every year,\" explains Shinjini Bhatnagar who led the research.Christa Fischer Walker and Robert Black from John Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, USA say, \"This finding is important because case fatality is high in infants presenting with symptoms of probable serious bacterial infection\". They added, \"The exact mechanism for the effect of supplemental zinc is unknown and needs further investigation , but the clinical benefits in diarrhoea and pneumonia in children younger than 5 years suggest that therapeutic use of zinc could have wide application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13695208", "title": "\u2018City Centre\u2019 nothing more than an eyesore", "text": "LUDHIANA: The multi-crore Ludhiana City Centre project, which has been stuck amid political controversies and financial irregularities, was supposed to bring this industrial hub in the league of bigger cities of the country.But, the stagnant project has now become a source of problems for nearby residents.The partially constructed structures of City Centre, spread over acres of land, are acting as a haven for anti-social elements and drug addicts. The residents also fear other problems will crop up once monsoon begins.Sugandh Vihar resident Satinder Pal Sodhi says, ''Acres of land worth several crores has been wasted in the name of this project. Wild vegetation has grown around the project site, which has become a hiding place for anti-social elements and addicts. I have spotted used syringes here.\"Spread over about 25 acres, City Centre project was launched with much fanfare in 2006 and was expected to accommodate shopping malls, multiplexes, hotels, residential apartments, a helipad and advanced parking lots.The construction came to a halt on court orders after names of several politicians emerged in financial irregularities.''No one has an idea as to when this legal battle would end and the City Centre finally come up here. The government should keep the project site guarded and clean up the area as it would become a breeding ground for mosquitoes and insects during monsoon,'' says Nirmal Kaur, a Pakhowal Road resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694221", "title": "Cash seizures during polls a farce?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash seizure in the run up to an election routinely makes headlines, but what happens to the money seized? Well, as it turns out, it finds its way back to those from whom it was seized.An RTI query on the money seized and action taken against the errant parties during the Mahbubnagar byelection in March this year finds that whereas 78 instances of cash seizure were reported, just one case was booked. And, of the total amount of Rs 2 crore seized, Rs 1.7 crore was returned.In response to the RTI query filed with it, Mahbubnagar district police said that 78 cash seizures of amounts ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 30 lakh (adding up to Rs 2 crore) were reported in different parts of the district in the lead up to the election which was held on March 18. However, barring that one chargesheet, the rest went scot free with their money.In each case, the money seized was handed over to the revenue tehsildar who then checked if it was for legitimate use or for influencing voters. Curiously, all cases were found to be genuine which means the money had to be returned to the rightful owners. The lone case booked was against the supervisor of Punjab steel plant in Hyderabad.In Mahbubnagar's Devakadra mandal alone, police reported 51 cash seizures but local officials now say that all that money was genuine. Devarkadra mandal K Veerabrahmachary said: \"Except for that one case, we did not book any other FIRs as we found that the money was not meant for buying votes. After thoroughly verifying these cases we handed back their money.\"An official from Amarabad mandal, which reported 14 such incidents, said: \"They were all petty cases. The money was either for personal or financial or commercial use. Hence we returned it.\" The RTI applicant, M Padmanabha Reddy, who is an ex-IFS officer, blamed the Election Commission for the present situation. \"The EC has failed in its duty of conducting elections fairly. Even though money and liquor are seized, no concrete action is taken. Once the elections get over, there is no proper follow-up of such cases. Hence, those who are guilty somehow manage to manipulate and escape punishment,\" he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696449", "title": "Slight disruption during a quiet bandh", "text": "Few trains blocked but services on trackEven though protesters attempted to block trains on Central and Western railways, services on either were not affected . Passenger count, however, took a dip by around 50%. \"We expect 50-55 % drop in ticket sales on Thursday,\" said a CR official. On WR, passenger count dropped by around 50% till 4pm. After former Sena MLA Baburao Mane and his associates blocked two trains at Sion, a case was registered against them under sections 174, 147, 145 (b) and 146 of the Railway Act. Besides Mane, Suresh Sawant (48), Anita Doiphode (45) and Maya Jadhav (45), all Dharavi residents, were booked. Another 30 agitators were arrested following a rail roko in Lonavla.Smooth sailing for Mumbai University examsThe strike notwithstanding, the University of Mumbai's engineering exams at 117 centres went off smoothly on Thursday. Most of the 25,242 registered for various exams turned up, said Vinod Malale, university PRO. To ensure that shortage of public transport did not delay them, many students left home early. \"Several students were at the college gate by 8am, three hours before the exam. Some examinees who reached a bit late were given additional time to finish their papers. The exams went off smoothly,\" said a college principal. The university had directed all colleges to grant extra time to those who reached late.Mantralaya warning brings staffers to workA government warning that action would be taken against absentees in the state secretariat ensured that 55% Mantralaya staff turned up for duty. An official said if the number of those on longleave was counted, which comprises 10% of the 8,000 employees, the attendance went up to 65%. \"This bandh received a partial response . In the six divisions of the state, staffers reported to work in large numbers,\" said a senior official. About the absentees, the official added departments had been directed to take stock and if necessary, action would be taken. In Amravati, Pune, Nashik and Nagpur, the attendance recorded was 100% and in Konkan and Aurangabad, 99%.Deserted Thane district sees sporadic violenceDeserted streets, shut shops and police patrolling marked the Bandh day in Thane district even as sporadic incidents of agitation were reported in Thane, Kalyan and Navi Mumbai. At Vashi, the APMC wholesale market remained partially closed. Like in most part of the district, auots in Thane city also stayed off the roads, though buses run by the municipal transport undertaking and MSRTC defied the strike. In Kalyan and Ulhasnagar, BJP-Sena supporters pelted buses with stones, burnt tires of vehicles and also forced shopkeepers to down the shutters. In Bhayander (W), ST buses plied in the morning, but they had to stop after Sena members charged to the depot. Train services were not affecte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696052", "title": "7-year marriage annulled in Karnataka with Re 1 alimony", "text": "BANGALORE: As Rebecca D'Souza received a Re 1 coin from her husband Robert Pinto (names changed) in the presence of their advocates and the family court judge at Bangalore, the end of their seven-year marriage was marked. As the judge read out the memorandum of agreement and Rebecca received Re 1 as permanent alimony, those in court were taken aback.\"One day, Rebecca called me and said she didn't want money and would settle the issue with Re 1. She said she was self-sufficient and didn't want people to say that she was living off her ex-husband's money,'' Uppunda S Y Kumar, Rebecca's counsel said.Rebecca and Robert are doctors by profession and hail from Dakshina Kannada district. They have been living separately since September 2005, five months after their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696323", "title": "Assam's 'Soloist' rescued from streets", "text": "GUWAHATI: His precious harmonium was smashed by his elder brother because it caused commotion and the sight of the tattered instrument triggered an affliction in him so grave that he became disillusioned and made the streets his abode.Meet Kalpa Hazarika (32) - a talented singer, follower of Bhupen Hazarika, fan of Zubeen Garg and a schizophrenic. His life resembles Hollywood film 'The Soloist' in which Jamie Foxx plays a schizophrenic musician living in the mean streets of Los Angeles .Hailing from a middle class family, Hazarika used to sing at some popular Bihu joints and even took part in some talent shows hosted on the local channel, earning accolades from artists and the public alike. But fate preyed on him and he strayed.A few days ago, Help Aid, a city-based NGO, rescued him from Noonmati here. He was found entertaining passers-by by singing Bhupen's immortal song \"manuhe manuhor mabe\". He was brought to Gauhati Medical College Hospital where he is now being treated at the psychiatry ward.\"We came to know about the story from a local news programme and rushed to his rescue. Trouble began in Kalpa's life after his parents died. He got hooked to drugs and was considered a burden for his family. His brother broke his harmonium because he was practising at the dead of night. This incident shattered him psychologically. People started shooing him everywhere he went and he was forced to take to the streets,\" said Manab Kakoti, secretary Help Aid.Finding no place to stay, Kalpa took shelter in a run-down autorickshaw. Three years ago, he was afflicted with schizophrenia. He started getting alms for singing on the streets. When there was no one to hear him, he scavenged the dustbins for edibles to satiate his hunger. But adversities failed to change his nature. He is still the same polite and lovable person which he used to be before he lost his mental balance.At present, the NGO is chalking out plans to cultivate his talent after he is discharged from hospital.\"He is afraid of cellphone cameras and he drinks water while washing his mouth after brushing his teeth. He is so shaken that he doesn't even look at his own reflection on the mirror. But his mellifluous voice can easily melt anyone's heart. We are chalking out plans to cultivate his talent after he is discharged from hospital,\" added Kakoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695366", "title": "Doctors' advice: No eating out in blistering heat", "text": "BHOPAL: Blistering hot weather conditions have triggered a rise in diarrhoea and gastro cases. Experts say summer requires more than just eating the right food, avoid eating outside which, in most cases is the cause of infection.Government, private hospitals and clinics are reporting a rise in number of patients, said district chief medical and health officer Dr Pankaj Shukla. Out Patient Department (OPD) services of government- run hospitals in Bhopal have been stretched to limits with 20-30% more patients daily. The situation is similar for private hospitals, too.\"Viral infection with gastroenteritis is a cause of concern. Diarrhoea infections has also gone up by 10%,\" said private practitioner Dr Anoop Hajela, who runs a hospital in south Bhopal. \"Some of these viral infections take about a week to cure,\" he added.Experts recommend that besides avoiding street food, especially potato, refrigerating food is vital. \"Prevention of food-borne illness is essential to stay healthy. All reported cases of food-borne illness are caused by bacteria or by the toxins (poisons) produced by bacteria,\" said gastroenterologist Dr Sanjay Kumar .\"ORS (oral rehydration salts) is a special combination of dry salts that is mixed with safe water. It can help replace fluids lost due to diarrhoea,\" said paediatrician Dr R Mishra. ORS is a simple treatment for dehydration associated with diarrhoea.Government hospitals may run out of zincAll major government hospitals in the state, including Bhopal may soon have no zinc.ORS and zinc, is a potentially life-saving combination to control diarrhoea. The World Health Organization and Unicef recommended that, in addition to ORS, young children be given zinc supplements. One study estimated zinc treatment could reduce diarrohea-related deaths by 23%.Zinc is defined as a drug is not being supplied by the Tamil Nadu Medical Services Corporation (TNMSC)- the external agency which procures 238 essential drugs and medicines for state-run hospitals. \"We have placed an order for zinc, but have not received any supplies,\" said a senior health official. Many districts have already run out of the medicines, he added.Summer health tipsDrink plenty of water - prevent dehydrationIf you have asthma or other respiratory problems, limit your time outdoorsWear appropriate shoes for your outdoor activitiesDon't push beyond your physical limitsTake cover. Sunburn is painful and unhealthyWear light, loose-fitting clothing to help you stay coolerDon't forget sunglasses to protect your eyes from the sun's UV raysMaintain your energy level by limiting your intake of fat and sugar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13694859", "title": "Young leaders get lowdown on leadership skills", "text": "HUBLI: The National Executive meet of the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) on Thursday emphasized motivating its state leaders to hone their leadership skills, importance of team spirit and conflict management.According to sources, under the leadership and leadership competencies programme, nearly 70 participants, including presidents of various state units, were involved in interactive discussions on different leadership styles through case studies and shared personal examples of leadership. Resource persons also spoke on leadership assessment wherein participants were taught of administration of a leadership traits assessment tool and implications to real life situations. More than two hours were spent on leadership skills, planning and management.Teeming and communication was another topic that dominated the first day session. The participants were trained to experience how teams can be effective and the role of trust and confidence in teams to strengthen the students organization. Each participant was given tips on 'conflict management' and to observe how conflicts can be managed effectively.On the second day on Thursday, the session began with a discussion on the \"role of student political movement\".The meeting stressed the need for each participant to understand the role played by former prime minister Indira Gandhi in strengthening the NSUI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696500", "title": "Putin to Anand: So we brought this upon ourselves!", "text": "CHENNAI: In a fitting finale to his campaign in Moscow, World champion Viswanathan Anand paid glowing tributes to the Soviet school of chess and its role in shaping his career. Anand, who won his fifth World chess title in Moscow, said at the closing ceremony on Thursday that he learned playing chess at the Tal Club run by the House of Soviet Cluture in Chennai.Anand had earlier told Russian President Vladimir Putin over a cup of tea at his residence that he had high regard for the Russian system of grooming chess talents and that some of his Grandmaster norms came from the tournaments held at the Soviet centres in India.\"So we brought this on ourselves!\" Putin exclaimed.At the official press conference later, Anand reconfirmed the role played by the Soviet exchange programme in spreading chess. \"We have all benefited from the Russian support,\" said Anand.Looking back at the match, Anand said it was important for him to hit back with white in Game 8 after he lost Game 7. \"I cannot remember such a black day like I had after that game. I could not sleep and that day I really thought I had lost the match. So I won the next game ... it was very important for my moral stability,\" Anand confessed in an interview.Of course, the match was not decided in the classical games and the most telling blow for Gelfand was reserved in the four-game rapid tiebreakers. Anand must have been thanking his stars because in similar situations in the tiebreakers, he had lost twice. If his first loss to Gata Kamsky as in the Candidates in 1994, the second was more painful as it was in the title fight in 1998 against Anatoly Karpov , both over two games.The champion's career has been a big story of setting the record straight: in tournaments, rankings, matches and last but not the least in rapids too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ara ( bihar )", "code": "13699445", "title": "Curfew lifted in Ara, but situation remains tense", "text": "ARA ( BIHAR ): The day-long curfew, which was clamped on this district headquarter town in Bhojpur district in the wake of the gunning down of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh, was lifted this afternoon.The curfew was lifted after a high-level review of the situation by senior state officials.However, prohibitory orders under section 144 CrPC would remain in force, sub-divisional police officer Dharmesh Kumar said.Kumar said the situation was tense, but under control. The curfew was clamped this morning after tension escalated following the gunning down of Singh at Katira Mohalla under Nawada police station, 71 kms from Patna .Brahmeshwar Singh was on a morning walk when he was accosted by gunmen who pumped several bullets into him, killing him on the spot at Katira Mohalla under Nawada police station, 71 kms from Patna.Singh, who was earlier facing life imprisonment in various carnage cases, was acquitted and recently released from jail. He was the former mukhiya of Khopira panchayat of the Sandesh block of Bhojpur district and assumed leadership of the then Ranvir Kisan Sangharsh Samiti from the then mukhiya of Belaur block, Sheo Narain Choudhary, in 1994. In fact, under Choudhary's leadership, the samiti was not in a position to counter the move of CPI (ML)'s decision to impose economic ban on farmers in several villages of Bhojpur district. Brahmeshwar finally turned the samiti into a militant organisation which finally became Ranvir Sena.On July 25, 1995, the Ranvir Sena killed six people belonging to Musahar caste in Sarathua village, located near the Belaur village, the Sena headquarters. But Singh came into limelight after the infamous carnage at Bathani Tola under the Sahar block of Bhojpur district on July 10, 1996, in which the victims were mostly children and women.This was followed by a series of massacres in different villages of Bhojpur district. Four people were killed by Sena at Chandi village in February, three in Patalpura in March and five in Nanaur in April month of the same year. The spreading activities of the Sena finally forced the state government to ban it in August 1995.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700213", "title": "Karthi gets into the charity mode", "text": "Kollywood star Karthi has just wrapped up the Mysore schedule for Alex Pandian and is now busy shooting for the rest of the film along with the heroine Anushka Shetty.\"We shot a risky stunt sequence on a moving train, which will be the highlight of the film,\" says the actor.Quiz the actor if he has seen Akshay Kumar 's movements for Chinta taa ... from his upcoming film Rowdy Rathore , since Karthi did the original in Siruthai and Karthi says, \"The director of the film Prabhu Dheva sir told me that Akshay has done the dance number in his own style and that it has come out very well. I am yet to watch Akshay's dance number. Anushka and I were invited for the recent bash that Prabhu sir threw for Akshay and his pals, but we couldn't make it due to our schedule in Chalakkudy .\"The actor recently rang in his birthday on May 25. \"I was not in Chennai so my fans celebrated my birthday by doing some charity work. Members from my fan club distributed machinery to transvestites. They also need proper attention. We started the process in Trichy . We are planning to do it in Chennai and Coimbatore next,\" says Karthi. Moreover, two of the songs from my upcoming film Saguni were released on the occasion. It was a quiet birthday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696712", "title": "Chennai likely to remain hot in coming days", "text": "CHENNAI: It will continue to be hot in the city over the next few days. Though the maximum temperature eased to 39.6C on Thursday from a high of 42C on Wednesday, it was still hot due to the westerly winds blowing from the land to sea.Monday was the hottest day in the city this season with Nungambakkam registering a maximum temperature of 42.5C.\"Though the temperature dropped, westerly winds kept the city hot on Thursday. Early Thursday morning was similar to a monsoon season, but the mercury scaled the expected levels by afternoon,\" said a Met department official. The Nungamabakkam observatory registered 38C at 1pm and the temperature rose to 39.5C by 3pm due to the westerly-south westerly winds.\"As there was no sea breeze and the direction of wind for the last three weeks has been from the landside, the city remained hot and will continue to be so. There will be a change once the monsoon arrives in Kerala after three or four days,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695103", "title": "Saki Naka double murder exposes parking racket", "text": "MUMBAI: The murder of two brothers from Saki Naka on May 29 has led to the unearthing of a racket of motorists being illegally charged for parking below the metro rail bridge on the Andheri-Kurla Link Road, the police said on Thursday.The racket was unearthed with the arrest on Thursday of Avanish Rai alias Pintu alias Kalia (26), and Rakesh Sharma (33) and his relative Sunita Sharma (35) on Wednesday, shortly after the killings. Six have been accused of hacking to death Avanish Singh (26) and his brother Ashish (22) at their residence at Trimurti Society, Veer Savarkar Nagar, at 10.45pm in front of their parents and sister, hours after being released on bail.The Sharma gang is one of many in the city which mints money through illegal parking. \"It was a squabble over unofficial space-letting that led to the Saki Naka double murder. Rakesh confessed to killing the brothers over a parking dispute,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Saki Naka-Meghwadi division) Jaspal Singh Ragi.\"The Sharmas forcibly collect money from motorists (Rs 10-15) who want to park below the bridge on the stretch at Veer Savarkar Nagar. The money is collected depending on the vehicle's make. The accused have no rights over the property, it belongs to the government,\" said Ragi.Saki Naka senior police inspector S R Dhanedhar said the main accused, Avanish Rai alias Pintu alias Kalia (26), is wanted in three cases, including the recent murder. \"The motive was clearly revenge against the brothers who got them arrested after they had a dispute over parking space below the bridge. The accused were incurring losses as the victims use to park their auto and a dumper below the bridge,\" said Dhanedhar. He added that a team has left for Uttar Pradesh to nab the co-accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694523", "title": "New system to monitor Metro trains", "text": "KOLKATA: Monitoring an en-route train got will become easier from Thursday with Metro Railway installing a new Train Management System (TMS) which incorporates a networked data logger to automatically chart their positions. Officials say that this system will enable them to prevent unnecessary delays. This is essential as trains run at five-minute intervals during the morning and evening peak hours and even a minutes delay services during the morning and evening peak hours are at five-minute intervals. Even a delay of a minute can throw the schedule haywire.According to them, the TMS is a precursor to the proposed Train Protection and Warning System (TPWS) which will be introduced by September this year. If the new system functions properly, there will be relief for commuters who have to suffer at times due to disruption in services.This train management system will help the data-loggers log down the exact time of the arrival and departure of the train to and from each station with the help of the 'track circuit' - an electrical device in the form of a censor installed on the railway tracks to detect the movement of the train along the track and thus provide information to the signallers. \"It will be like the black-box of the metro trains. It will automatically log down the exact time and send the details to the data-loggers. Earlier, it was not possible to do it manually,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG,Metro Railway.Each station has also got a video camera installed to under this system.The data-loggers can also get the panoramic view of all the 23 platforms and real time line diagram display of train movement between throughout the DumDum to New Garia metro route on a 67 -inches Large Video Wall System. In case there is a congestion on the route, it will be easy to regulate the glitches and avoid undue detentions of the following trains.Despite the video monitoring on every station , this system cannot help control the metro suicide cases. \"We have to depend on our staff to control the suicides manually,\" said PB Murthy, outgoing general manager, Metro Railway. Metro Railway also plans to get 50 more trains by the end of fiscal year to smoothly implement the proposed services run at 4-minutes interval, as proposed by railway minister Mukul Roy. Metro now runs 270 services every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696385", "title": "Youth killed by brother over property dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: A property dispute led to murder of a 20-year-old youth, allegedly by his elder brother and latter's friends near Ajni Square on Thursday night. Amol Birha was youngest of three brothers and stayed at Kaikadi Nagar slums on Regional Power Training School (RPTS) road while his elder brother Sachin stayed at their ancestral house in Kachhipura with his wife and children. Another brother, Kranti stays with his wife at Ajni.The deceased's friends said that the brothers had differences since a long time over sharing of ancestral house. \"Amol had demanded a room in his father's house but Sachin had beaten him on that account. Just last week, Sachin had threatened Amol over same issue,\" said a friend.Amol's body was found lifeless with blood on his head near Ajni square by the passers-by on Wednesday night. He was declared brought dead at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). The post mortem report said he was hit by either a massive stone or some sharp object at the rear of the head causing his death.Dhantoli police have arrested Sachin, employed in sanitation department of NMC. Police said that Sachin was a known anti-social element and was involved in two murder cases at Sitabuldi and had other offences against him as well. Since last eight years, after their father Anil's death, Sachin was living with his wife, mother-in-law and sister-in-law in the house owned by his father. The brothers' mother passed away 15 years ago.Amol worked as a driver and labourer at a transport company in Gokulpeth. He would stay alone in a shanty and earned very little. Hence, a few months ago he asked Sachin in to give him at least a room at their Kachhipura residence.\"Birha refused rudely. Hence Amol demanded his share of the property causing an argument between brothers. A few days ago, Sachin had threatened and warned Amol to drop the demand,\" said police. Dhantoli police have registered a case of a murder against Sachin and his friends. They are still interrogating Birha and brother Kranti, a labourer at a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13697057", "title": "Bandh hits city hard, transport services come to halt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thursday's bandh affected public transport to a large extent with many buses and autos staying off the roads. Protesters stopped public vehicles and even punctured the tyres of some DTC buses. While major south Delhi markets like Khan Market and Lajpat Nagar remained partially open, there was a near complete shutdown in north and west Delhi.Leaders of political parties and their workers took to the streets at Delhi Gate and Chandni Chowk. At Chandni Chowk, the Delhi leadership of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) sat in protest demanding a complete rollback of the fuel price hike. BJP's city unit chief Vijender Gupta said the petrol price had risen nearly 60% in the three years of UPA's second term at the Centre.\"We want a complete rollback of the hike. We shall continue with the bandh till the government agrees,\" Gupta said, adding, \"They have also increased CNG prices, and soon the government plans to increase rates of water and electricity.\" While protesting at Chandni Chowk, the BJP workers blocked roads with their cars. Janata Dal (United) also joined the demonstration near Delhi Gate. Police said around 813 persons, including Opposition leaders Prakash Karat, Sanjay Joshi and Ananth Kumar, were detained but let off later.In Gurgaon, most corporate and government offices and factories reported normal attendance on Thursday. The bandh affected Old Gurgaon to an extent because of the protests in Sadar Bazar, where more than 200 shopkeepers burnt effigies of Congress leaders.Demonstrations were also reported from Subhash Nagar, Akshardham, Preet Vihar, Uttam Nagar, Madhuban Chowk, Najafgarh road and Brajpuri chowk, among other areas. \"No incident of violence was reported and no case was registered in this regard . The protests were peaceful . We had deployed an additional 3,500 paramilitary personnel,\" said a senior police officer. There was traffic congestion after tyres of eight DTC buses on Vikas Marg and five more in Chandni Chowk were punctured. However, there was no major disruption although the protests continued till around 2pm. The last instance of traffic obstruction was reported from ITO at 1.59pm, and it lasted 13 minutes.For commuters, the shortage of autos and taxis posed a bigger problem. \"I almost missed my train. Autos were not willing to come here for fear of the protests. It took me more than an hour to reach the station from Jogabai and I had to pay Rs 350 instead of the regular fare of Rs 100,\" said Naseem Raza, who was waiting to board a train to Bihar at New Delhi railway station.The Metro, though, proved to be a saviour, as it did not allow the bandh to derail life in the city. There was a considerable increase in the footfall at Metro stations, especially during peak hours. Still, many workers probably kept away from offices as the ridership by the end of the day was only 12.91 lakh, against 14.51 lakh on Wednesday.\"I usually take an auto from Mandi House to Siri Fort, but today I used the Metro as there were no autos. The train was jam packed and I felt uneasy while travelling. I had to let a few trains pass before managing to squeeze inside one,\" said Garima, who works with a private firm.At some Metro stations, protestors barged inside, asking staff to stop operations. Commuters, while supporting the protest against price rise, complained of inconvenience and disruption of their work and personal lives. \"Everyone is against price rise, but putting people to such inconvenience is not a solution. They should protest in front of the Parliament or other areas, rather than stop people going about their business,\" said Rajender Bagga, an industrialist.Police data show central Delhi had the highest number of detentions at 229, closely followed by west Delhi with 215. Both districts have a large number of traders' bodies which joined the bandh. Of the 229 protesters who were detained in central Delhi, 82 belonged to Left parties in Daryaganj. CPI(M) leaders Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury, and CPI's AB Bardhan and D Raja were among those detained at the Daryaganj police station. Senior BJP leaders Sanjay Joshi and Mukthar Abbas Naqvi were detained near Akshardham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695233", "title": "Bill Gates says will not fund abortion programmes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bill Gates has said his foundation will not indulge or fund abortion programmes as a way to control population anywhere in the world.Speaking to TOI, the one-time world's richest man turned philanthropist said, \"I don't believe in controlling population. Women should choose how many children they want. However, if a woman wants to have fewer children, she must have the resources available to do so.\"According to Gates, if the health of women is improved, they automatically choose to have lesser children. He however recognized that \"anything to do with sex is complicated. It is a huge cultural issue\". According to Gates, every woman should have the ability to choose when she wants to have children. The result will be \"healthier mothers and children and more prosperous nations\".Earlier, Gates had talked about the idea of \"demographic dividend\". \"The idea is that as parents bring their family size down, countries can invest more in educating young people. When those young people reach working age, they boost productivity and economic growth,\" he said.In his recent annual letter, Gates had said, \"A significant number of women indicate that they would use modern family planning tools if they were available. Unfortunately, the funding to buy these tools, to make them cheaper, and to provide high-quality information to poor families has been lacking.\"According to him, India is among the top 10 countries with highest population growth rate. By 2050, India's population is expected to grow by 39%.Over the next 40 years, the global population is projected to grow at just .8% per year. It just passed 7 billion and will reach 9.3 billion by 2050. However, the populations of most poor countries, which have the hardest time feeding and educating their citizens, will more than double between now and 2050.He had said in his annual letter, \"If we compare population by continent now and in 2050, we see that Africa will more than double in population (from 1 billion to 2.2 billion) while Asia and the Americas will grow by 25% and Europe will hardly grow at all.\"Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has earlier blamed India's tremendously high population for most of its health woes. \"With only 2.4% of the entire world's landmass to support 17% of the global population, India's need for population stabilization can hardly be overemphasized,\" Azad had said.According to the recently conducted Census of India, our population stands at 1.21 billion. As per the projections, India's population would be 1.40 billion by 2026. The measures that have contributed to the recent lowering of fertility rate, the minister cited, includes improving literacy levels, empowerment of women, discouraging adolescent marriages, delaying of the first child birth, enhancement in the compensation package for sterilization, encouraging male participation in sterilization and involving village level community health workers in promoting family planning.India meanwhile has started running a door to door programme that delivers contraceptives, condoms and oral pills to the villager's doorsteps. The health ministry has rolled this out in 17 states and 233 districts where Accredited social health activists (ASHAs) are supplying them.ASHAs are selling them for just Rs 1 for a pack of three condoms, Rs 1 for a cycle of oral contraceptive pills and Rs 2 for a tablet of emergency contraceptive. The sum collected from the contraceptives sale is their commission.Unmet need for spacing methods continues to be substantial. Officials say children born because of lack of poor access to contraceptive services also known as the unmet need are a major cause of India's population boom. The birth of three and above three children accounts for 45% of the 26 million births that occur annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695173", "title": "Rajendra Rathore absolved of charges in Dara fake encounter case", "text": "JAIPUR: A district and sessions court here on Thursday absolved BJP legislator and former minister Rajendra Rathore of all criminal charges against him in the Dara Singh fake encounter case even before he faced a trial.About an hour after the court order, a relieved Rathore walked out of the Jaipur Central Jail around 1:15 pm. In the first statement after his release, the BJP's senior leader accused the Ashok Gehlot government of a carrying out a political vendetta against him and said that he would be seeking \"retribution for every single day spent in the jail\" since his arrest 55 days ago.Reacting on the development, leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje said, \"We reiterated that we have full faith in judiciary and the court decision is a victory of the justice. This decision has exposed the ulterior motives of the Congress. The court verdict has confirmed that the Congress misuses the CBI for its political ends.\"BJP leaders, including legislator Digambar Singh received Rathore outside the jail and drove him first to Moti Doongri temple and later to the party headquarters. Party president Arun Chaturvedi, Digambar Singh and Rathore again hit out at the Gehlot government while addressing the BJP workers there.While discharging Rathore of the charges against him, district judge PC Jain listed out several loopholes in the case. Experts opined that the order was likely to have a negative bearing on the prosecution against other accused also, including suspended additional director general of police AK Jain and inspector general A Ponnuchami.\"The accused is discharged as the criminal conspiracy charges of stage managing Dara Singh's encounter is not made out against him going by the loopholes in the evidence,\" the court said in its order. One of Rathore's lawyers, Hemant Nahta said that the court found that the evidences did not prove the criminal conspiracy claimed by the CBI in its chargesheet.\"The court said that the CBI has failed to prove that Rathore met Dara's rival Virendra Nyangli in the jail after the latter's arrest in April 2003. Similarly, the court observed that the only evidence against Rathore in the case were the phone call details between him and ADG Jain. The court was of the opinion that Rathore could not be framed under Section 120-B of IPC (criminal conspiracy) simply on the basis of the call details,\" said Nahta.Rathore's another lawyer AK Jain said that the CBI has also failed to prove the motive behind the killing on the basis of the statements of prosecution witnesses. The court stated that the details of four phone calls made between Rathore and Jain were prior to October 19, almost four days before Dara was killed. The court observed that neither Dara nor a contractor Vijay Singh were in the custody of Rajasthan police's SOG at that time. \"There is nothing to prove that Rathore and Jain had personal relations which could have prompted the policemen to kill Dara Singh in a fake encounter,\" the court observed. It stated that Rathore's name did not come up in the case for four years after the encounter.The CBI arrested Rathore on April 5, charging him with criminal conspiracy to kill Dara Singh on Jaipur's outskirts on October 23, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696205", "title": "No need for fresh PG dental counselling, says HC bench", "text": "BANGALORE: The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thu8rsda y set aside the single be8nch order asking the Con8sortium of Medical, Engin8eering and Dental Colleges in Karnataka (ComedK) to go in for fresh counselling for post-graduate dental courses.\"When an overwhelming majority of candidates have already meticulously complied with all the stipulations, the single bench has re-written the conditions and this is impermissible,'' the bench has observed while allowing the writ appeal challenging the May 25 order.The division bench said that the petitioners, who were educated, knew that there would be multiple aspirants for each seat and hence should have complied with all the stipulations.It said that it was debatable that the examination system determined the students' merit. \"There is always an element of luck. The CBSE %is presently considering not placing total reliance on one exam and instead take into account the students' record in the previous academic year. The petitioners may %understandably be disappointed, but to think that their rights have been infringed upon is a misnomer. Courts cannot always ensure the redressal of every nuance of grievance,\" the bench has observed.Dr.Amritha Chakroborty and 11 others, all top rankers, had moved the high court after ComedK disallowed them from participating in counselling on the ground that the counterfoils they had produced did not carry the seals / signatures of the bank, and in some cases the demand drafts produced were not that of nationalised banks.The single bench while allowing their petition had directed ComedK to hold re-counseling to all the 200-odd seat s citing that merit cannot be overlooked as petitioners we8re ranked between 4 and 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13694960", "title": "Bandh: Buses targeted again, Pune counts its losses", "text": "PUNE: Public transport buses once again bore the brunt of violence in Pune during the Bharat Bandh called on Thursday. In gross disregard of the fact that taxpayers' money goes into sustaining a public transport system, protesters pelted stones and damaged 39 buses - 31 of the PMPML and eight of the MSRTC - during their agitation against the nation-wide hike in petrol prices.PMPML, which is the only means of transport for a large section of citizens, suffered losses of nearly Rs 4.5 lakh due to the damage on Thursday. The MSRTC estimated the losses to the tune of Rs 1 lakh.During the last bandh in the city on December 28, 2010, nearly 56 public transport buses were damaged, including one bus which was set on fire.A senior PMPML official said buses in the city have regularly been targeted during agitations and bandhs. Over the last five years, more than 250 buses have been damaged during such protests. The organization has run up losses in lakhs of rupees because of the damage to its buses.Incidentally, nearly half the buses were damaged on Wednesday night itself as the protesters set their plan to create tension rolling much before the 6 am start of the bandh. One Santosh Thorat was injured when stones were pelted on a PMPML bus near Deep Bungalow chowk at night.Citizens and bus commuter groups, who were livid over the damage of the buses, have demanded that the losses be recovered from the protesters. Vivek Velankar and Jugal Rathi, convenors of the PMP Pravasi Manch, said damaging buses and public property was not just violent but also anti-democratic. Such violence affects the common citizens who use buses, they said.An MSRTC official said the corporation suffered losses of around Rs 1 lakh due to the damage of eight of its buses. The AC-Shivneri buses of the MSRTC mostly did not operate on the Pune-Mumbai, Nashik and Aurangabad routes on Thursday. Two AC buses and semi-luxury buses of the MSRTC were damaged on Wednesday night at Shivajinagar, the official said.\"Not a single AC Shivneri bus or semi-luxury bus operated on the Pune-Dadar, Borivli and Thane routes till 5 pm. Many passengers who had booked their tickets in advance asked for refunds as they preferred not to travel. AC buses did not ply on the Nashik and Aurangbad routes either. The services resumed partly late in the evening,\" the official said.The Pune police detained 672 people and leaders owing allegiance to political parties such as the BJP , Shiv Sena, Communist Party of India, Republican Party of India and Patit Pavan Sanghatana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694431", "title": "2008 serial bomb blasts accused brought to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Abrar Maniyar, an accused in the 2008 serial bomb blasts in Ahmedabad, was brought to the city by the crime branch on Wednesday. Maniyar was produced before a court on Thursday and sent on 12 days police remand.Crime Branch officials, who are investigating the case, are now questioning the accused. Crime Branch sources said, \"Maniyar (32), a resident of Madhya Pradesh, had attended the terrorist training camp in forests near Vagamon in Kerala. In 2008, Abrar had attended another terror-training camp held in Halol. He had trained the youths who had collected there in various facets of terrorism.\"Officials had a tip-off that Abrar was active and was trying to regroup Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives. However, he remained elusive and cops could not arrest him.In April 2012, Mumbai Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) got a tip-off that some IM operatives had collected in Aurangabad. When ATS Mumbai officials reached there, they opened fire on the cops with AK 47 rifles. One of the operatives was killed in the firing and three others were arrested, including Abrar.After completing remand with Mumbai police, Abrar was lodged in the Aurangabad jail. Crime Branch officials then applied for transfer warrant and Abrar was brought to the city on this basis.On Thursday, assistant commissioner of police, Crime Branch, Mayur Chavda while applying for Abrar's remand told the court that they want to probe his role in the 2008 serial blasts. The Crime Branch wants to know where he had hidden in the city and which IM operatives he is still in touch with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693724", "title": "27-year-old man dupes job-seekers to the tune of Rs 8.82 lakh, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 27-year-old youth who had duped several job seekers to the tune of Rs 8.82 lakh was arrested by Pollachi police on Wednesday and lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison. The accused has been identified as G Sitarasu of Poonamallee in Chennai. Police said, he pursued a diploma in computer science. He had approached a 29-year-old woman M Varshini, hailing from Eripatti, who had a job consultancy firm in Pollachi. She knew several job seekers whom she referred to Sitarasu who demanded Rs 1 lakh from each job seeker, promising them good jobs in IT firms in Chennai. Nine victims gave him a total of Rs 8,82,640.Sitarasu successfully placed them in small firms, paying them a monthly salary of Rs 15,000. After two months, five of the victims were sacked, while four stopped going to work. Eventually, the job seekers realized they had been duped by Sitarasu.The victims approached Varshini to help them get back the money they had given to Sitarasu. She lodged a complaint with Pollachi East police station based on which they registered a case against Sitarasu under section 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) of IPC. He was arrested and lodged in Coimbatore central prison.\"We conducted an inquiry with the victims and later arrested the culprit,\" said Inspector D Ammadurai, Pollachi East police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699586", "title": "Charlize Theron will never go under the knife", "text": "Charlize Theron has revealed that though she is aging, she \"can't foresee\" herself getting plastic surgery.\"I look in the mirror and my face is changing,\" People magazine quoted her as telling Interview.\"I have a different relationship all of a sudden with myself. Your face changes, things change - that's just kind of what happens,\" she said.However, the Snow White and the Huntsman star does accept her fate.\"There are days when I definitely look in the mirror and go, 'All right, I need to find a cream,'\" she reveals - being a major Hollywood star changes the game,\" she said.\"It's hard in this industry, because I think so much importance is put on how you look.\"I'm not brave enough to be like, 'You know what? I'm just going to let it happen. Whatever. I'm so cool with every line on my face',\" she said.Theron admitted that she wouldn't go under the knife.\"I can't foresee myself ever going under the knife, but then again, I'm only in my mid-thirties,\" she said.\"Maybe it's different when you're in your mid-sixties. So I don't want to make statements about where I'm gonna be in 30 years,\" she said.Much of Theron's acceptance has to do with her mother, who \"really instilled in me that my moral compass and achievements all had to come from a real place that had nothing to do with my beauty or how I looked,\" she said.But still, \"I definitely have a different relationship with the way I look. It's not all-consuming. But I'm also human,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13693549", "title": "Dharun Ravi reports to sheriff's department to begin 30-day jail term", "text": "NEW YORK: India-born former Rutgers university student Dharun Ravi , convicted of spying on his gay roommate, reported to a New Jersey Sheriff's department on Thursday to begin his 30-day prison sentence.According to Middlesex County Sheriff Mildred Scott, Ravi turned himself in at her office around 1pm (local time).The Sheriff's office would carry out the necessary procedures and would then transport him to the Middlesex County Correctional Facility where he will be incarcerated for a month.Ravi was convicted of spying on his roommate Tyler Clementi through a webcam while he kissed another man in his Rutgers dorm room.Apart from the 30-day jail time, Ravi has been sentenced to three years' probation and ordered to do 300 hours of community service.The 20-year-old had earlier this week agreed to begin serving his jail term instead of waiting for an appeals court to first rule on the prosecution's demand for a longer jail term.According to New Jersey laws, Ravi would be able to shave off at least 10 days from his jail term on account of good behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13694585", "title": "Railway help desk offers little help to accident chaos", "text": "HOWRAH: Relatives of passengers travelling on the Up Doon Express rushed to Howrah station on Thursday on getting the news of the accident. But the help desk set up by the railways could offer little information, leaving them confused and angry. While some managed to contact their relatives over the phone, most were clueless about the fate of their near and dear ones.As the news of the Up Doon Express accident reached them, relatives of passengers on board the train rushed to Howrah station. While few lucky ones had come there after they contacted their relatives over the phone, many were clueless about the fate of their relatives. There was anger, anxiety and confusion as the helpdesk opened at the station by the Railways too could offer them little information.Howrah resident Dinesh Mukherjee broke down at the helpdesk, unable to get any information about his father Basudeb, 69, mother Juthika, 55, and brother Subrata, 27. Mukherjee tried to get in touch with his family members, but when their numbers were unreachable, he went to the station. Mukhejee started calling them up randomly right after hearing about the accident only to find their numbers unreachable each time. Desperation drove him to Howrah station from his Bhawanipore office in the hope of getting some information.\"I had spoken to my father around 8am. He said that everything was fine and was excited about the trip. I have been trying to call them for a few hours now but none of the numbers they are carrying is reachable. With the help desk here having no information on them, I feel all the more helpless. I only wish all three of them are fine. I do not know why their numbers are not reachable,\" said Mukherjee managed to utter before breaking down.His parents and younger brother, from Ramkrishna Pukur Lane in Shibpur, were travelling in S9 coach to Haridwar. headed for Haridwar and had occupied berth numbers 9, 11 and 12 in S9 coach.The coach was among the six derailed ones. one of the six derailed ones.The trio from Ramkrishna Pukur Lane in Shibpur had occupied berth numbers 9, 11 and 12 in S9 coach. This coach is one of the six derailed ones. Even as the helpdesk had the information about four casualties and 15 injured, there was no definite information on who the casualties were. This added to the woes of the relatives.Though the help desk had information that four persons had died and 15 were injured, it had no information on who the casualties were, adding to the woes of the relatives.Sheikh Javed and Mohammad Javed of Howrah's Bankra were frantically trying to locate their uncle Sheikh Azim and four minor cousins - Neha, 10, Chhoti, 12, Salma, 16 and S Ladri, 8. Azim was on the ill-fated train and going to Dehradun to drop off the children who had come to Bankra for their summer vacation.had their uncle Sheikh Azim and four minor cousins travelling on the ill fated train. Azim was on way to Dehradun to drop his nieces Neha (10), Chhoti (12), Salma (16) and nephew S Ladri (8). The siblings had come to spend their summer vacation at their uncle's place in Bankra.\"We had been trying to contact them since we heard about the accident. Luckily Salma picked up the phone. But she sounded nervous and incoherent and said that uncle Azim was injured and in no position to speak. We are really worried and fear for the worst,\" said Mohammad Javed.For Sanjeev Rai, a resident of Bhopal, the joy of his daughter bagging a job, had turned into a nightmare. On Monday, Rai had come to the city with daughter Pamela, 24, after she got a job with an IT company in Salt Lake Sector V. He also saw Pamela off at the station when she, along with a team from the organization, left for Dehradun to attend a training programme. Rai was supposed to leave for Bhopal on Thursday night, but instead headed for Jaunpur by the relief train to meet his daughter.Bhopal resident Sanjeev Rai had arrived in the city only on Monday with daughter Pamela as the 24-year-old had bagged a job in an IT company in Salt Lake sector V. Pamela joined work on Monday. Rai even saw off Pamela on Wednesday night at the station when she along with a team from the organisation left for Deheradun to attend a training programme. Rai was to leave for Bhopal on Thursday night itself. But now he would head for Jaunpur instead by the relief train.\"I am a little relieved after I spoke to my daughter. She said a sudden jolt threw her off the seat, injuring her in the head and leg. Now I will have to spend an agonising night before I can see her for myself,\" said Rai. The railways has arranged to take relatives of the passengers to Jaunpur by adding more bogies to the Doon Express for Thursday night. More anxious relatives rushed in to avail of the facility.Railway minister Mukul Roy left for the accident spot on Thursday evening by Rajdhani Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695091", "title": "District administration to check water stock in sources", "text": "PUNE: Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh on Thursday said that the administration will carry out a reassessment of water sources in all five districts of the division to be ready for a situation if the monsoon is delayed and recharging has failed.\"We will check the existing stock of water at various sources, daily extraction and the possibility of their drying up. At present, as many as 848 tankers are supplying drinking water to 683 villages in five districts of Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur,\" he said.There is water scarcity in many villages of the five districts. So far, a population of about 15.22 lakh spread across 683 villages and 4,438 hutment colonies is dependent on water tankers to meet their daily drinking water needs. Groundwater has dipped in many parts due to lack of rainfall when the monsoon retreated last year. The administration is expecting an increase in demand for tankers as there are a few more days before the monsoon arrives,\" he said.Deshmukh said they will be ready to tackle the situation if there is a delay. \"We have asked local administrations in respective districts to reassess the existing water sources and initiate a survey to identify additional ones in their areas. Officials have also been asked to take stock of availability of fodder and extra demand,\" he added.Various steps have been initiated in the last month to strengthen supply of water in scarcity-hit areas. As many as 10 temporary water supply schemes that were non-functional due to technical faults, non-payment of arrears and poor maintenance, have been made operational.The revival of water supply schemes have helped the administration streamline supply to about 1.30 lakh people and reduced the number of tankers. Deshmukh said the administration has introduced an SMS alert system to monitor supply of tankers to avoid delays and misuse. All officials including tehsildars are part of this alert system.Tankers in districtsSolapur: 266Sangli : 256Satara: 205Pune: 121Kolhapur: 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13694895", "title": "Railway counter to open from 5am", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore railway authorities have rescheduled the timing of unreserved ticket counter at the west-end entrance of the station from June 1. This is expected to benefit early-morning passengers.SWR senior divisional commercial manager Anup Dayanand Sadhu said the counter will be open between 5am and 9pm on all days from Friday. Earlier, the counter used to be open between 5.30am and 9.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13693608", "title": "New crop can leave its mark", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the start of the third year of the Toyota-IGU Junior Golf Tour, new talent has started to make its mark at the Southern India Championship, which completed three out of four rounds at the KGA Golf Course, Bangalore. With over 100 boys competing in under-18 and under-15 age categories, the best kids in the country have been displaying their skills and vying for precious ranking points which determine their selection on national and international teams.Each day, the lead has changed hands as no one player has been able to dominate. Players like Yashas Chandra from Mysore, Mohan Sardar from Royal Calcutta GC, and Arjun Singh from Delhi's Army Training Area Course have all held the lead. It remains to be seen whether Arjun Singh, who scored the best round of the tournament so far (a one under par 71 in round three), can hold on to his slender one stroke lead for the title in Thursday's fourth round.As a number of dominating players from last year have graduated to the men's ranks, it throws open the doors for the new crop of youngsters to make a name for themselves which is always good. Piyush Sangwan of DLF GC Gurgaon, Subhankar Sharma of ITC Classic, Gurgaon and Aman Raj of Patna GC are talented players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694584", "title": "Groundnut oil loses ground to cottonseed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Groundnut oil is fast disappearing from traditional Gujarati cuisine. Price-sensitive, health-conscious Gujaratis are now switching from groundnut oil to other edible oils, especially the cottonseed variety.Narendra Patel extracts groundnut oil at his processing mill in Junagadh but says he consumes cottonseed oil. \"I was diagnosed with diabetes and high cholesterol two years ago, hence this shift,\" he says.Angshu Mallick, chief operating officer, Adani Wilmar, said, \"Groundnut oil prices have hit the roof. Health-conscious Gujaratis shifted to sunflower, while price-conscious ones opt for cottonseed oil. Some also mix groundnut oil with another oil to get the benefits of both oils.\"Adani Wilmar has seen a 35% growth in sales for sunflower oil and 20% growth in cottonseed oil sales in Gujarat in a year.A Saurashtra Oil Millers Association data says cottonseed oil production has doubled in the last two years - from one lakh tonne in 2009-10 to two lakh tonnes in 2011-12. Simultaneously, groundnut oil production has gone down from 4.5 lakh tonnes to 3 lakh tonnes in the same period.\"Over 60% of groundnut produce goes to the snack-food industry, which is growing at 35 per cent per year. Bold and sweet hand-picked seeds from Gujarat are in high demand in China and Indonesia. So, the amount of groundnut left for crushing here has declined,\" Mallick added.Prices of groundnut oil for a 15-kg container ranged between Rs 1,357 and Rs 1,173 in 2010-11. It has gone up to Rs 2,139 in 2011-12 - the year's low was Rs 1,408. In comparison, the cottonseed oil prices have shown much smaller hike.Falling rupee, high interest rates and global turmoil may, however, lead to companies increasing prices of edible oil by 3-5% by the end of June. \"As low-income families struggle with their household budget, they are forced to look at cheaper options like cottonseed and palm oil. Some consumers buy loose edible oil and blend it with groundnut or mustard oil to beat rising prices,\" Mumbai-based analyst Badruddin Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694001", "title": "Local SMEs growth to be priority: AIMA", "text": "NASHIK: The newly elected president of Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Suresh Mali took charge from outgoing president Dnyaneshwar Gopale at the annual general meeting held on Thursday. Speaking on the occasion, Mali said, \"The growth of Nashik's industries will be my priority. Efforts will be made for the growth of local SMEs of Nashik by organizing business conferences with public sector undertakings like ONGC, BHEL etc. Seminars and workshops will be organized for their development.\"\"Mumbai and Pune have already reached saturation levels. At this juncture, many large industries are eying to set up their base in Nashik. But, there is no land available here. Hence, I will make efforts for new industrial areas with persistant followup with the state and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation,\" Mali added.Gopale, in his address, reviewed the performance of the organization during the financial year 2011-12. \"I took over as AIMA president in 2010 and worked satisfactorily for two years with the co-operation of AIMA members. Many industrial grievances related to theft, water supply, road asphalting, street-lights, electricity etc were resolved effectively. To encourage the importers and exporters, a meeting was organized with the British High Commission. An industrial expo was also organized to promote Nashik's SMEs. Industrial development, labour welfare, addressing members' grievances, renovating the AIMA recreational centre were always my priority,\" Gopale said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13694147", "title": "Sudarshan Pattnaik wins Copenhagen event", "text": "LONDON: Sand artist Sudarshan Pattnaik beat stiff competition from nine participants to win an international sand sculpture championship in Denmark on Thursday, making India proud at the first such event in Copenhagen. Pattnaik's 2.5 metre-high sand sculpture of a mermaid pleading for human effort to save the oceans was declared the winner of the championship.The Puri-based sand artist, known for his sculptures that send out strong topical and social messages, chose to draw a sand work to highlight the burning issue of climate change. \"It was an event where participants were free to chose the subject of. I chose to show climate change and the threat to our seas,\" Pattnaik said over phone from Copenhagen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13694986", "title": "Criminal gets eight years rigorous imprisonment for robbing jeweller", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Thursday sentenced criminal on police record, Jalindersingh Kalyani (38) of Ramtekdi in Hadapsar, to eight years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,500 for robbing ornaments from the residence of a jewellery shop owner at Yerawada in 2006.Kalyani and 10 others people, armed with sharp weapons and revolvers, had barged into the residence of Arvind Ramlal Kothari, proprietor of Mahavir jewellery, and had attacked him on the head and decamped with two bags of gold and silver ornaments worth over Rs 30 lakh on July 8, 2006.The court sentenced Kalyani to eight years rigorous imprisonment for robbery under section 392 of the IPC and to six months RI for house trespass under section 451 of IPC. Both the sentences will run concurrently. He will have to undergo additional imprisonment of five months if the fine is not paid.Kothari kept the ornaments at his residence as his shop was under renovation. Kalyani and his gang members barged into Kothari's house at Mahavirnagar in Yerawada and decamped with the booty after threatening Kothari and his wife with weapons.The Yerawada police had seized the ornaments from the gang after Kothari had registered a complaint of robbery.Defence lawyer M M Sayyed plugged loopholes in the prosecution's case saying that the police had not conducted the identification parade and prayed to acquit Kalyani and others as they were falsely implicated.Additional public prosecutor Sunil More said Kothari had identified Kalyani before the court as he had entered into his bedroom. More had examined 20 witnesses for proving guilt of the accused.Kothari's counsel Raman Agarwal and Rajesh Kavediya filed written notes to prove that merely not conducting identification parade dose not mean that Kalyani had not committed an offence, but there are other circumstances on record to prove that the accused was the only person who had committed the robbery.Agarwal said the police had recovered ornaments from Kalyani, which was identified by Kothari.The court considered the evidence led by the prosecution and Kothari's lawyers for convicting Kalyani. His gang members - Deepaksingh Tak, Jullusingh Dudhani, Pankajsingh Dudhani, Lalsingh Dagar and Anmol Dudhani - were acquitted due to lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695409", "title": "Jharkhand mulls mining in Ho tribe's homeland", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's Saranda Action Plan for \"all around development\" of the Naxal-dominated 820 sq km patch in Jharkhand could soon come to naught with the state government planning to open iron ore mines in nearly 600 sq km of the largest sal forest in Asia .TOI has documents showing that the Jharkhand government has sought and received applications for mining in more than 500 sq km of the dense forests -- home to the Ho tribe that the Union government wants to bring development to. Around 95 sq km of the forest is already leased out for mining.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh pushed and got a Rs 150 crore special package to develop roads, community centres, hospitals, schools, provide jobs and set up CRPF camps in the heart of the dense forest that has remained an impenetrable zone for the administration - with the government finding several 'lost' villages just recently.But much of this could become redundant if the Jharkhand government's plans come true with almost the entire green patch wiped clean with coal pits dotting the landscape and a few Ho villages left spattered around. Of course, it would also be then flooded with a new world of contractors, labour and all the paraphernalia of the mining industry.At the moment, some of the leased out mines are not operational and most of them lie on the eastern fringe of the sal forests. But once all the proposed mines become operational, the forest, which is also a critical elephant terrain, could be fragmented beyond recognition.The Union environment ministry had previously given clearance for Chiriya mines inside the Saranda forests despite internal views against the move and now SAIL has come back for more. This time, the ministry, while entertaining SAIL's demand for opening another 635 hectares, has demanded that the state government first share the entire mining plan for the region before it takes a call though it is still not mandatory for the ministry to take an overall view of the area or get a cumulative impact assessment done before hiving off individual patches.The National Green Tribunal has suggested such a process to understand the larger picture while giving particular clearances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696030", "title": "Boy drowns in canal near Dhankot village", "text": "GURGAON: A 17-year-old boy drowned in a canal near Dhankot village on Thursday. The victim, Deepak alias Deepu, had gone to the spot for a swim.The body was later fished out of the canal by professional divers.According to police, Deepu, a resident of Sector 4, was swimming when he suddenly went too deep into the canal. He cried out for help, but by the time potential rescuers came to help, he had drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693601", "title": "Anti-tobacco act goes up in smoke", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Enforcement of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003 (COTPA) is still a non-starter at many places in Odisha though the state government had declared Bhubaneswar and Jagatsinghpur as 'smoke free' city and district, respectively in the past.Smoking at public places and sale of tobacco-mixed items continues unabated in the state as police and health department have failed to implement the Sections 4 and 6 of COTPA. While Section 4 prohibits smoking at public places, Section 6 prohibits sale of tobacco within 100 metres of education institutions. Smoking was banned at public places, including office, bus stops, railway stations, restaurants, hotels and pubs in 2008.\"The state government should learn from states like Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar where sale of tobacco and nicotine-mixed gutkha and pan masala have been completely banned,\" Gyana Ranjan Mishra, an NGO activist said. \"Police and health officials looked the other way as sale of tobacco is going on rampantly near schools and colleges. Police occasionally crackdown on the violators,\" Mishra said.Traders in Bhubaneswar said they did not feel the pinch in business ever since the government took steps to ban smoking in public places. The state capital was declared smoke free city in October 2010. Jagatsinghpur district got the smoke-free status in March this year. It followed compliance of certain parameters required for declaring a place smoke-free environment.The Bhubaneswar police in 2011 had collected Rs 12,13,750 as fine from around 12,000 violators, caught smoking in public place. The police already collected about Rs 360,000 compounding fee till April this year. A violator is fined Rs 100. \"We are conducting regular raids on violators. Shopkeepers, who install hoardings violating the COTPA norm are also being prosecuted,\" ACP (zone-1) Nihar Ranjan Das said.VHAI-Aparajita, a voluntary organization working on anti-tobacco mission, said: \"We are working with police to enforce the law in Cuttack and Khurda. It is a big success in Bhubaneswar and Jagatsinghpur,\" a volunteer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696441", "title": "101 buses damaged; few autos, taxis seen", "text": "MUMBAI: Two passengers and two bus drivers were injured as bandh supporters pelted stones and damaged 101 BEST buses in various parts of the city on Thursday. Auto drivers too complained of being threatened. Seven autos were damaged and a large number of autos and taxis stayed off the roads due to the fear of being attacked.The protesters, mainly from the BJP and Shiv Sena, staged rasta rokos at many places, burnt tyres and effigies to protest against the recent petrol price hike. According to the home department , the police registered 50 offences and arrested 142 people -- including political leaders and activists like state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar , RPI leader Ramdas Athawale and the Shiv Sena's Dagdu Sakpal. Those booked were charged with rioting, mischief, causing hurt and damage to public property, said deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli.Three private cars were damaged. The bandh resulted in roads being deserted, shops downing shutters and sloganeering banner-carrying protesters spilling onto roads outside stations and at prominent junctions. At Parel , they also damaged the panes of a popular coffee shop that was open.The BEST administration, undeterred by the stone pelting , continued to ply 3,121 buses (93% of the on-road fleet) till evening. \"But we withdrew 270 AC buses and also stopped plying buses past the check posts at Thane,\" said BEST public relations officer N A Walawalkar.As for autos, only 20 to 40% were visible during morning peak hours on feeder routes and this percentage declined by noon. \"There were hardly any autos at Andheri by noon,\" said a local resident. Taxis too were very few in number, with just 10 to 20% plying near some railway stations, the airports and fivestar hotels. Both auto and taxi drivers fleeced passengers by asking for 20 to 40% more than the fare at many places. Said taxi union leader A L Quadros, \"Many of our drivers come from far-off places like Vasai and Virar or Kalyan . They did not venture out fearing trouble.\"Four autos were pelted at Vikhroli, two at Santa Cruz and one in Bandra, sources said. Fleet taxis plied normally , with all Meru cabs on the road. A Tab Cab driver was reportedly assaulted at Mira Road while a cab was pelted at Chembur.Police said RPI leader Ramdas Athavale led a group of activists at Kherwadi junction , where they allegedly burnt tyres and shouted slogans . There was stone pelting and burning of tyres at Behrambaug in Oshiwara. Tyres were also burnt at Ghatkopar and Chembur. At Mulund, Mungantiwar was arrested along with Raj Purohit , Sardar Tara Singh and Kirit Somaiya for a rasta roko. Other political leaders booked were Yogesh Sagar and Gopal Shetty, police said. As preventive action, the police on Wednesday had detained 2,273 suspects.-Inputs from Nitasha Natu, V Narayan &amp; Sanjeev ShivadekarTimes ViewNothing, not even the government's decision to go on hiking the price of petrol, justifies the wanton destruction of public property by bandh supporters. Each non-airconditioned BEST bus costs about Rs 25 lakh; large-scale repairs can cost close to a lakh. The money that government agencies pay towards this goes from the fares that we pay or the government subsidy to BEST; either way, the public exchequer has to bear the cost. The government should initiate a process to realize damages from the guilty. The politics of protest is one issue, vandalizing public property is something completely different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693655", "title": "Three cops suspended for delaying plaint", "text": "SURAT: A police sub-inspector and two other staffers of Kamrej police station were suspended by the Surat superintendent of police for negligence in duty. The cops were suspended for taking more than 24 hours to register a complaint by a woman, Bharati Sindhi, 25, who was attacked by an auto rickshaw driver who threw acid on her face.Sub-inspector, D K Vasava, assistant sub-inspector, Dilip Ahir, and constable Bharat Bariya, station were suspended with immediate affect on Wednesday.Sindhi was going to her house on Monday evening when Bhima Machhi, an auto rickshaw driver came close to her with his auto and asked her to sit inside. Sindhi refused to go with him following which Machhi took out a bottle of acid and threw it on her face. Sindhi was admitted to hospital for treatment.Sindhi worked as a waitress with a catering service and Machhi used to drop the catering staff in his auto. Machhi knew Sindhi since then and had proposed her for marriage. But Sindhi refused to marry him and stopped talking with him.Police were informed soon after the attack but the complaint was not lodged even after 24 hours of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696349", "title": "Police seized Rs 2 lakh from militant, say Ulfa hardliners", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ulfa hardliners on Thursday said that Assam Police personnel have looted Rs 20 lakh from one of its cadres who was injured in an encounter in Sivasagar district on Wednesday and is currently in police custody. Rejecting the allegation, a senior police officer said: \"There was no money with the injured militant. This is a baseless allegation.\"Though the militant, Robin Moran, was injured in the raid, police had declared him dead only to capture alive later. A heavily armed group of Ulfa hardliners were engaged in an encounter with a joint team of Assam Police and CRPF's Cobra personnel at Charaideo in Sivasagar district near the Assam-Nagaland border.Ulfa hardliners' publicity in-charge Arunodoy 'Asom' in an emailed statement on Thursday also accused that the police of leaving the injured Moran to die. \"The police had recovered Rs 20 lakh from Moran but they did not divulge this to the media while giving details of the encounter. The police also did not divulge the recovery of M20 pistol from Moran,\" the rebels' publicity in-charge stated.A top security source said that the Ulfa hardliners in fact had lost Rs 3 lakh of extorted money on May 26 while fleeing from security forces in upper Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696240", "title": "40 babus get transfer orders in a day", "text": "BANGALORE: In a major reshuffle on Thursday, the government shunted out Bharat Lal Meena and posted Pradeep Singh Kharola as Bangalore Development Authority commissioner. Kharola was commissioner for commercial taxes. Meena is principal secretary, agriculture.In the biggest reshuffle after he became CM 10 months ago, DV Sadananda Gowda transferred 36 IAS and 4 IPS officers. Subir Hari Singh is the new additional chief secretary and replaces K Jairaj. V Umesh has been posted as principal secretary, home after SM Jaamdar retired.MN Vidyashankar is principal secretary, commerce &amp; industries department. This posting comes at a time when the second edition of Global Investors' Meet (GIM) is a week away. Kaushik Mukherjee, who headed forest department, is the new development commissioner.OTHER POSTINGS CS Kedar: Chairman, Bangalore Development Authority (BDA). Anita Kaul: Principal secretary, planning, programme monitoring &amp; statistics department. GV Krishna Rau: Principal secretary, co-operation department. R Sridharan: Principal secretary, forest, ecology &amp; environment department. Yogendra Tripathi: Commissioner, commercial taxes. Parmesh Pandey: Principal secretary, e-governance. Bharat Lal Meena: Principal secretary, agriculture department. Amita Prasad: Principal secretary, urban development department. Sanjiv Kumar: Principal secretary, rural development &amp; panchayat raj department. Rajeev Chawla: Commissioner, Bangalore Metropolitan Regional Development Authority. Anil Kumar Jha: Secretary, commerce &amp; industries department (mines, SSI &amp; textiles) and managing director, Mysore Minerals Ltd. PN Sreenivasachary: Secretary, urban development department (municipalities &amp; UDAs). KS Prabhakara: Commissioner for public instructions. Tushar Giri Nath : State project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan. Arvind Shrivastava: Secretary, finance department (expenditure). K Vishwanatha Reddy: Managing dir ector, Karnataka Small Scale Industries Development Corporation. ME Shivalingamurthy: Additional secretary, DPAR (Janaspandana). N Prabhakar: Managing director, Mysore Sugar Company Limited. BG Nandakumar: Commissioner, religious and charitable endowment. P Hemalatha: Director, women &amp; child development department. BN Krishnaiah: Managing director, Mysore Sales International Ltd. MN Ajay Nagabhushan: Chief executive officer, Mysore ZP. C Shikha : Joint director of traini-ng, Administrative Training Institute. KV Thrilok Chandra: Director, horticulture department. MV Veerabhadraiah: Chief executive officer, Bangalore Urban district. N Prakash: Director (personnel), Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation. RR Jannu: Additional director, food, civil supplies &amp; consumer affairs department. V Shankar: Chief executive officer, Belgaum zilla panchayat. FR Jaamdar: MD, Rajiv Gandhi Rural Housing Corporation. G Sathyavathi: Director, tourism department. Raikar: General manager (administration), Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development &amp; Finance Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13696051", "title": "Two arrested after clash in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Two persons, Isam Shaikh, 32, and Tabrez Shaikh, 31, were arrested by Vasco police on Thursday afternoon following a clash between two groups in a garage, opposite Ambabai temple in Mangor Hill, Vasco.According to the complaint filed before Vasco police, when Mohammed Ishan alias Shanu, 23 of Mangor Hill, and his friend Daulat Khan, 29 were sitting in the garage, a gang of three persons comprising Isam Shaikh, 32, Tabrez Shaikh, 31, and Amin Mulla, 34, all from Baina, trespassed the garage and assaulted them.While Ishan managed to escape, Daulat was badly assaulted. Police said that Daulat got 21 stitches on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13701583", "title": "After strike, container truckers make a beeline outside Chennai Port", "text": "CHENNAI: Containers began to queue up outside the Chennai Port since Friday morning, after truckers struck work for the second time in two days.On Wednesday the truckers struck work after the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) men at the port denied entry to a few containers that did not sport valid container numbers.The strike was withdrawn on Thursday evening after port officials promised to mediate between the CISF and truckers. But the talks failed.A senior port official said the strike was called by truckers in Chennai Container Terminal Limited (CCTL) against CISF personnel for crosschecking the Container Safety Convention (CSC) plates of all import containers with the numbers on the documents. Any container used for international transport must have a valid CSC plate. The strike affected the entire cargo movement at the entry and exit gates of the port. It has affected vessel operations too. Officials said they were trying their best to have the truckers withdraw the strike.On Friday vessel operations were delayed. It is the third strike at Chennai port in the last six months, and it took more than a week to restore normalcy in the last two strikes in October 2011 and April 2012. The Chennai port clears about 1,500-1,800 trucks every day. Sources in the port said the queue of container trucks stretched for several kilometers in the Ennore route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13696396", "title": "Labourer's killing threatens peace", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Peace was disrupted in western Assam following the death of a minority labourer late on Wednesday night at Sapkhata under Gossaigaon subdivision in Kokrajhar district along the Assam-Bengal border. As the news of the death spread with daybreak, hundreds of minority community members gathered at Gossaigaon Police Station on Thursday morning demanding immediate arrest of the persons involved in the killing. Additional superintendent of police, H K Nath, assured the protestors early arrest of the killers.Unidentified miscreants shot dead Alam Sheikh (32), a resident of Serfanguri in Gossaigaon, on Wednesday night around 10 pm. Sheik, who was a labourer, was engaged in the construction of a school building at Sapkhata. The labourers usually spend their nights at a camp on the construction site, which is located in an area known to be an extremist hub.A labourer who witnessed the incident said that a group of about five unidentified armed miscreants stormed into the camp and asked the labourers to hand over their mobile phones. When Sheikh said he didn't possess one, the miscreants fired at him from point-blank range, killing him on the spot.Kokrajhar superintendent of police Jitmol Doley told mediapersons that police have been able to identify the group involved in the crime. \"But we are yet to nab the culprits,\" the SP said.Sources said that suspected Adivasi militants had earlier sent an extortion note to the contractor, who assured of clearing the payment after the construction was over. But, officials have refused to comment on whether this has any links with the killing.Meanwhile, thousands of people gathered at Gossaigaon PS demanding arrest of the miscreants and a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the victim's family. The protesters shouted slogans demanding abolition of BTC by scrapping the Bodoland Territorial Area District Act, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694127", "title": "FDA to crackdown on milk adulteration from today", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to create awareness among the masses on milk adulteration, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is planning to launch a month-long awareness campaign from Friday which is World Milk Day.June 1 is observed as the World Milk Day. Accordingly, the Nashik Divisional Office of the Food and Drug Administration is also planning to launch a month-long drive against the food adulteration.Speaking to TOI, joint commissioner of FDA, Nashik division, Shashikant Kekare said, \"Our aim is to create awareness among the masses on milk adulteration. During the campaign, the consumers will be educated on how to know when milk has been adulterated and about the measures to be taken while buying milk. As part of the campaign, we will put up hoardings at some select locations. Besides, we have also prepared hand bills containing information on how to know when milk has been adulterated and precautions to be taken regarding the same. Ads will also be telecast on radio and television to create awareness.\"Khare added that a month-long inspection drive against mi8lk adulteration would also be la8unched from Friday. The insp8ection drive will also be conducted at all check posts to keep tabs on adulterated milk coming to the city from around the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694754", "title": "Bandh a grand success: CM", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar termed the Bharat bandh call given by the NDA a complete success. Nitish, who is in Bhagalpur in connection with his Seva Yatra said the tremendous success of the bandh clearly exhibited that the common people were not in a mood to tolerate inflation any more and were totally oppose to the Centre's move of a steep hike in petrol prices.He asked the Centre to read the writing on the wall, take notice of the rising inflation rate and roll back the increase in petrol prices in the larger interest of the common people. The CM said with the increase in petroleum prices, prices of other commodities would rise, which would hit the common people even harder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13696183", "title": "Haryana chalks policy to protect whistleblowers/RTI activists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government has formulated a policy to protect whistleblowers/RTI activists in the state, according to which, a committee comprising district magistrate, superintendent of police and district attorneys would take a decision on providing security to the activist after reviewing the threat perception.According to chief secretary, Haryana, P K Chaudhary, \"It has been decided that district level committees, under the chairmanship of district magistrates, with SPs and district attorneys as members, will be constituted. The committee will invariably obtain the latest threat assessment from local police and local CID unit. The quantum and type of security for such identified persons would be decided by the DSP having professional competence and experience in the field of securing safety of individuals.\"It has also been decided that a higher state level committee shall be constituted under the chairmanship of principal secretary (home), with advocate general (AG) Haryana and DGP as members, to review the decisions of district level committees and monitor their functioning, Chaudhary said.The decision to formulate the policy has been taken by the state government following the intervention of Punjab and Haryana high court, which had asked the state to frame a scheme for granting protection to RTI activists and other whistleblowers.Haryana government had in September last year informed the HC that protection to activists/whistleblowers would be provided within a week of receiving application apprehending threat by such activists.At that time, the state had involved police officers only in the committee, constituted for taking a decision on providing security. Subsequently, the HC had asked the state government to provide a mechanism which is more practical by involving civil officers in the said committee, from the point of view of easy accessibility of aggrieved parties.The Punjab government has already evolved a scheme on same lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13694867", "title": "Fire kills 1, destroys 110 houses", "text": "GUNTUR: In two major fire incidents, one person was burnt alive and more than 110 houses were destroyed at Tallapalem and Mulukuduru villages of Ponnur constituency on Thursday. Stocks of black gram and turmeric, which were stored in the houses, too were reduced to ashes in the fire. According to initial estimates, property worth around Rs 3 crore was gutted in the two mishaps.Seventy-year old Nagendramma was burnt alive as she was unable to escape from the house after it was engulfed in the flames at Mulukuduru village. The fire tenders could not reach the spot on time and grain and other valuables of the dwellers were completely destroyed. Upon information, district collector Vishnu rushed to the spot and consoled the victims.While 78 houses were gutted at Tallapalem village, 30 houses were reduced to ashes at Mulukuduru village. Sources said that the fire station at Ponnur, which was just 10 km away from the mishap stop, was believed to have been sent to Chirala in Prakasam district following another fire there. No fire tender was available in the station on Thursday resulting in disastrous consequences for the villagers. By the time one fire tender from Guntur reached the spot, entire colony at Tallapalem went up in smoke.As the fire destroyed even the fodder stocks, the district collector directed the animal husbandry department to immediately supply fodder to the two villages. Farmers stored stocks of black gram and turmeric in their houses as the prices in the market were not reasonable. The sudden fire destroyed the entire stock worth nearly Rs 2 crore.Sources said that the fire began from a kitchen and spread to other houses within no time due to heavy winds. Heat waves fanned the fire leaving the villagers with no time to save their valuables. District collector asked the local MRO to organise a relief camp till the victims recover from the shock and disburse Rs 8000 to each family as immediate relief. He promised to grant houses under IAY and issue pattadar passbooks and ration cards to all the victims. Former MLA Ravi Venkata Ramana visited the spot and promised all help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695812", "title": "Rail minister announces ex-gratia", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming the Doon Express accident as most unfortunate and tragic, Railway minister Mukul Roy expressed deep condolence over the deaths. He has announced an enhanced ex-gratia of rupees five lakh to the kin of the accident victims, rupees one lakh in case of grievous injuries and Rs 25,000 in the case of simple injuries. The minister is rushing from Kolkata to the site of derailment.Railways has sought technical and medical help from Army. The Army has rushed two medical teams, one from Allahabad and another from Varanasi. One technical column from Allahabad carrying heavy-duty gas cutters is also reaching the accident site, said an Army release. The Railways has also started help line numbers: Lucknow 10720 (direct), 0522-2635844, 9794830972, accident site - 05278-220284, 09794833823, Lucknow control 0522-2234525, 2234530 and Varanasi 0452-504655, 2504657.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13696466", "title": "Good response to bandh against petrol price rise", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The bandh call given by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its allies in protest against the hike in prices of petrol by and large evoked total response in various towns of Vidarbha on Thursday.The bandh was total in Chandrapur with hundreds of BJP workers taking out a protest rally. The markets remained closed. There was no untoward incident. Traders in the main market kept the establishments closed. Petrol pumps and cinema talkies were also closed while emergency services like hospitals, medical shops, banks and private corporate offices functioned normally.The protest rally, led by BJP MP Hansraj Ahir and MLA Nana Shamkule, started from Gandhi Square. The participants waved flags and shouted slogans against the central government for hiking the petrol prices. Ahir said the policies of the government were oppressive and it had lost its right to remain in power. He criticized the government for rise in the prices of petrol and other essential commodities.Shamkule flayed the government for its apathy towards the people's plight. He said that such a hefty hike in petrol price had hit the budget of common people. The bandh evoked good response in different tehsils in the district. Police were deployed in large numbers across the district to tackle the bandh.Good response in BhandaraThe Bharat bandh call given by BJP, allied forces and Left parties received good response in Bhandara. Most of the commercial establishments remained shut all through the day. The activists of BJP roamed around the town and forced the traders to down their shutters. Not a single ST bus plied on the roads. As a result, people had to face difficult times in commuting from one place to another. No untoward incident was reported from any part of the town.Mixed response in AmravatiThe bandh called by the BJP and NDA allies got a mixed response in Amravati.Most of the shops in the main areas like Rajkamal, Rajapeth and Shyam Square were closed. Shops in interior areas remained open for the entire day. Medical shops and hospitals also remained open. Shiv Sena and BJP workers staged demonstrations in the city.Total bandh in GondiaThe opposition-sponsored bandh against petrol price hike was successful in Gondia with all establishments, markets and petrol pumps remaining closed on Thursday.Leaders of BJP and Shiv Sena gathered in front of Mahatma Gandhi statue and urged people to ensure a peaceful bandh. President of zilla parishad Netram Katre, former MLA Ramesh Kuthe, district BJP president Hemant Patle, Ashok Ingle, Munaf Qureshi, Savita Isarka, Rajkumar Kuthe and Chhail Bihari Agrawal were present.A morcha led by Mukesh Shivhare passed through the major streets, urging the shop owners to keep their shutters down. There was no report of untoward incident from anywhere in the district.Overwhelming response in YavatmalThe bandh received an overwhelming response from the business community and traders in Yavatmal.While traders and businessmen kept their shutters down, the government offices, banks and post offices functioned normally. ST and private buses plied normally.Police said there was no untoward incident from any part of the district. Tight security was maintained throughout the day and special police forces were deployed to avoid any untoward incident. The anti-encroachment drive could not be carried out due to bandh on Thursday.Partial response in AkolaThe bandh received partial response in Akola.1,235 activists were detained and later let off. BJP MP Sanjay Dhotre, MLA Gowardhan Sharma, Shiv Sena district chief Shrirang Pinjarkar and several others participated in the protest.Several shopkeepers as opened their shops and did usual business. However, big establishments and main markets wore a deserted look. Security was tightened to meet any eventuality.Saheb Shaukat Ali, general secretary of Akola Zilla Patrakar Sangh, submitted a memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging him to make legislation for protecting journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693694", "title": "Builders may soon have to pay deposit against violations", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to curb rampant building violations in the municipal corporation limits, a new proposal is in the offing to collect a fixed amount as security deposit from the people who are planning to do construction work in the city. The amount will be refunded back to the individual after the completion of the structure and assessment to ensure whether there are any violations in it from the approved building plan.The security deposit will be forfeited if rampant deviations are spotted in the final assessment of the building after the completion of the structure. The proposal has to be cleared by the town planning committee of the corporation and tabled before the corporation council in the coming days.\"The security deposit amount will depend on the size and dimension of the building and it will also vary for commercial and residential buildings,' said corporation sources.The civic body is now grappling with building violations inside its limits and also in the newly-added areas in the suburbs. The corporation officials claimed that the collection of security deposit amount will act as a deterrent to the violators. The security deposit will be collected along with the building license fee to be paid to the corporation.\"Our main concern now is building violations in commercial buildings rather than residential ones. We are also planning to be strict on commercial buildings rather than the violations in residential structures,\" said another corporation official.The proposed rates to be collected as security deposit is Rs 75 per sq metre for residential buildings while commercial buildings with the same measurement will be charged Rs 150 per square metre. The proposal will have to be passed by the town planning committee of the corporation and placed before the corporation council for its approval.\"It could actually become an effective measure but it should be properly implemented by the corporation. It will surely act as a deterrent for the people in the city to indulge in violation of the norms,\" said Vikram Mohan, Chairman, Pricol Properties Limited, Coimbatore.The city corporation has earlier embarked ona drive against illegal commercial buildings in the city last year but it soon died a slow death. Initially notices were served to more than 1000 buildings mostly commercial structures in the city during the term of the previous municipal corporation council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695259", "title": "Bandh throws normal life out of gear", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP-sponsored Bharat bandh against petrol price hike paralyzed normal life in Bhopal for better part of Thursday. Baring few minor incidents, there was no untoward incident in the city. The impact of the bandh was more visible in new Bhopal. Shops, commercial establishments and roadside eateries kept shutters down in New Market, Bittan Market and beyond to stay out of trouble.Since morning, saffron cadres were on streets, ensuring success of the bandh. Barring a few minor incidents in MP Nagar Zone I, New Market, 6 No. Bus Stop, Mansarovar Complex, Kolar and other places where the BJP workers forced to keep business establishments closed, there were no report of any major untoward incident in Bhopal.Minibuses,Tata Magic vehicles or auto-rickshaws were not allowed to ply. Taking advantage of the situation, some auto-rickshaws charged exorbitantly. Frequency of low-floor buses operated by BJP-ruled Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) was less than normal. With most petrol pumps preferring to keep supply operations suspended, two-wheeler and four-wheeler owners had a tough time. To compound the problem, few petrol pumps that remained opened in the morning, were also forced to shut down pumps.Most traders offered no resistance to keep business shut for a day. The district police were on their toes since morning. Additional police force was deployed on the streets.Shops, business establishments: Shops and business establishments in main commercial hubs, including New Market, Bittan Bazar, 10 No. stop, Manisha Market and MP Nagar remained closed since morning. Traders did not show any reluctance. The bandh was complete till late afternoon.Eateries: Students and young professionals bore the brunt of the bandh as they had to survive on bread and noodles. From New Market to Arera Colony, Hoshangabad road and BHEL area, markets wore a deserted look. Forget about hotels and restaurants, which remained closed, even roadside vendors did not venture to do business. As a result, it became impossible to get even a cup of tea. A vendor selling snacks from his handcart invited the wrath of those asking shopkeepers to keep shutters down. Livid over the poor man's 'audacity', they threw snacks on the ground.Petrol pumps: Commuters, who forgot to fill vehicle tanks on Wednesday, faced a tough time. Some petrol pumps, including a one run by a BJP leader in New Market was forced to shut down till noon. Long queues of vehicles were seen at police petrol pump near the PHQ, pumps at Arera Hills and New Market before forced to close down.Public transport: Reaching railway station or bus stands proved difficult in absence of public transport all through the day. BJP workers did not allow mini-buses, Tata Magic vehicles or auto-rickshaws to ply. A handful of auto-rickshaws that plied took commuters for a ride.Emergency services: The emergency services were spared from the bandh. The nursing homes and the chemist shops remained open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13695188", "title": "MLAs' kin booked in Kalyan building scam", "text": "KALYAN: The Ulhasnagar crime branch has booked seven more builders, including two close relatives of MLAs, in a building scam for allegedly forging documents to show agriculture land as non-agricultural. The crime branch had earlier arrested six builders in this connection. The investigation revealed that this cartel of builders had constructed at least 100 buildings using forged documents. Police have managed to trace 27 agricultural plots in Kalyan taluka where buildings have been constructed. The scam was found out when Bharat Patil, a local from Kalyan, approached Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi with a complaint after he found that one of the plots was registered as a non-agricultural land on June 31. Raghuvanshi formed a special team led by Ulhasnagar crime branch senior police inspector Machindra Chavan. A senior police officer said investigations have found that many revenue officers were involved in the scam. The police have seized forged documents, stamp papers and rubber stamps of senior revenue officials from the builders. The officer said they were investigating these revenue officials and collecting evidence against them and once they had sufficient evidence, they would arrest these officials too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696361", "title": "IIT aspirants struggle to adjust as new engineering test gets green signal", "text": "NAGPUR: Students preparing for the new common engineering test scheduled for 2013, find themselves struggling to adjust to the new format, under which the earlier neglected board exams are now being given 40% weightage. Apart from other colleges, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) is now the sole gateway to the prestigious IITs, for which aspirants start preparing at least two years in advance.Prince Saluja, a student of Guru Nanak High School and Junior College, has been preparing for the IITs since last year. \"I will be appearing for the exam next year and suddenly I am faced with a total change in the pattern. For the last one year, my focus has been on cracking the competitive exam with board exam studies on the back burner. However, with a 40% weightage to the boards in the JEE, I have to now shift gears midway and am afraid that there is not enough time left,\" said Saluja.Nisha Kothari owns a coaching centre in the city and feels students have no choice but to change their study approach. \"Time management will be the key and students will have to refocus on their board exams as there is no choice. Though at my centre, students are prepared for state board simultaneously, hence it does not become a huge problem, but now that effort has to be greater,\" said Kothari.She adds that students who top the popular AIEEE too, score an average of 75%-80% in their board exams, which gives an indication on where their focus is.Parents too are a worried lot as they apprehend the changes will jeopardize their wards' chances in JEE 2013. Akshay Naik (name changed), said, \"My son shifted to the state board in Std XI and took admission at a city college where attendance is not mandatory. He uses that time in studying at the coaching class and practice for the JEE, but now I have to start his tuitions for the state board exam as well. The government has turned every kid who will appear for Std XII next year into guinea pigs for its academic experiment.\"Abhishek Bansal, from whose coaching centre this year's city IIT topper came, feels that rural students would lose out in a big way. \"By the time the information percolates everywhere, too much time would have been lost. Also in city, one can get access to good tutors who can help with their preparations but that is going to be an uphill task for the rural folks,\" said Bansal.Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal will meet state education ministers on June 5 to further discuss the implementation of the JEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696702", "title": "Man who abducted minor to marry her gets 3-yr jail", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment and fined 5,500 for kidnapping a minor with the intent of marrying her.Meena Satheesh, special judge, mahalir court (women's court), passed orders on the matter.Special public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan said D Sabari Nathan was an employee at a restaurant in Mylapore where the 17-year-old girl, class 11 student, would occasionally go with her father.On February 14, 2010, as she was walking to school, Sabari Nathan intercepted her in an auto on Lloyds Road. He told her that he wanted to marry her.When she refused, he threatened to gang up with his friends and kill her mother. Scared, she got into the vehicle with him. In her testimony, the girl said Sabari pawned her ring for 9,500.He then took her in a bus to his hometown in Tirunelveli where his parents recommended that they stay in a friend's house in Kerala's Wayanad district for a few days.Meanwhile, the girl's father lodged a complaint with police. According to the girl's testimony, she was confined for two days at Wayanad. Police traced them and rescued the girl.Passing orders, the judge noted that the prosecution had established that though Sabari kidnapped her with the intent of marrying her, he did not marry her nor did he have any physical relations with her.The prosecution, however, established that he had kidnapped the girl, taken her to Kerala and confined her in a house against her will. He was found guilty of kidnapping and wrongful restraint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13696129", "title": "Juvenile thief alleges Apna Ghar nightmare", "text": "CALANGUTE: An Uttar Pradesh native and a resident of Saligao, on Wednesday, lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that his teenaged son, aged 16, who is lodged at the Apna Ghar in Merces was brutally assaulted by another inmate of Apna Ghar between May 28 and 30.Police said that the UP man's son was assaulted and given electric shocks in the presence of the caretaker of the home for juvenile offenders and delinquents.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo told TOI that the son was only recently arrested for stealing two motorcycles. Since he was found to be a minor he was remanded to Apna Ghar. As the incident of assault occurred in Merces, the case was later transferred to the Old Goa police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13693769", "title": "Chemists oppose rise in drug prices", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state committee of the Kerala Private Pharmacists' Association has decided to launch a state-level campaign against what they claim is the frequent hike in the price of essential drugs. According to the association members patients are not notified prior to price rise and they often come to know when they go to buy medicines.The prices of drugs used for ailments such as cholesterol, blood pressure and diabetes have gone up from Rs 3 to more than Rs 10 in a month. This at a time when the state has only one outlet, the Karunya Community Pharmacy run by Kerala State Medical Services Corporation Ltd in the state capital, that sells medicines to public at a subsidized rate.The association is now planning to conduct programmes through its district committees to make the public aware on the issue. Members will also meet the elected members of parliament from the state to bring the issue to the attention of the Centre.\"Though the Centre had made a list of 364 drugs for price controlling, no decision has been taken on this yet. We believe only the control over drug prices can ensure an affordable healthcare system in the state,\" said T P Rajeevan, state president of the association. The campaign aims to draw Union government's attention by discussing the issue in the parliament, he said.People and politicians stages protest if the prices of fuel and essential commodities shoot up. But none utters even a single word in case prices of medicines shoot up. In a move that would bring cheers too many who is suffering from various diseases, the state committee of the Kerala Private Pharmacists Association has decided to launch a state level campaign against the frequent hike in essential drug prices.The move has come at a time when the prices of commonly used drug started escalating without any notification. Only the patient who goes the medical shops gets shock at the time of purchase. The prices of some of the drugs used for diseases such as cholesterol, blood pressure and diabetic have shot up from Rs.3 to more than Rs.10 within a month. The association will conduct awareness programme among public about the need to arrest prices of commonly used drugs.According to the association, price of most commonly used essential drug has scaled up many folds within a month. The public should aware of the hole it can create in their holes. The state is having only one outlet in Thiruvananthapuram to help the general public to get the essential medicines at a subsided rate. The Kerala State Medical Services Corporation Ltd (KSMSCL) that started Karunya Community Pharmacy is providing all types of branded prescription drugs to persons suffering from various diseases on 20 to 60 per cent discounts.The association will begin conducting awareness programme through its district committees to mobilize mass support. The association will also meet the elected members of parliament from the state to bring the issue to the attention of the union ministry.Thought the union government had made a list of 364 drugs for price controlling, the same has yet to take a decision in this regard. We believe control over drug prices would only ensure affordable healthcare system in the state,'' said T P Rajeevan, state president of the Kerala Private Pharmacists Association. Through the campaign we would like to bring the issue to the attention of the union government by discussing it in the parliament,'' said Rajeevan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13701404", "title": "Allu Arjun, Surender Reddy's film launch on June 12?", "text": "Stylish star Allu Arjun's new movie under director Surender Reddy will be launched on June 12 according to film nagar reports. Allu Arjun, who is currently wrapping up \"Julayi\" movie, will be teaming up with Surender Reddy for an action drama. This is the first time Allu Arjun and Surender Reddy are coming together for producer Nallamalapu Srinvas (Bujji). The untitled movie is likely to be launched on June 12 in a private film studio in Hyderabad. Sources from the production house say that Bujji is planning to rope in a hotshot heroine.Surrender Reddy, who is known for making stylish movies, is also under pressure to deliver a hot after the failure of \"Oosaravelli\". On the flip side, Allu Arjun is also struggling to score success after a series of flops. The actor has almost completed shooting for \"Julayi\" and the audio is expected to be released in June, while the film is slated for July release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696724", "title": "HC stays Centre\u2019s law on eateries", "text": "CHENNAI: A set of central regulations, requiring small eateries and restaurants to conform to quality norms such as registration, employing a technical person, chemical analysis of food sample and ban on menu adaptation, was stayed by the Madras high court on Thursday.Vacation judge Justice K Venkataraman stayed the operation of the Food Safety and Standards ( Licensing and Registration of Food Businesses) Regulation 2011 on a writ petition filed by the Tamil Nadu Hotels Association president M Venkatasubbu.The Food Safety and Standards Act was framed in 2006 and came into effect from August 5, 2011 after the regulations were finalized and notified. Seeking to cover standalone non-star restaurants, eateries, sweet stalls, bakeries and coffee-tea stalls, one of the controversial clauses stipulated that any shop having a turnover of more than Rs 12 lakh would come under its purview.Advocate G Sankaran, counsel for the hotels' association, described the provisions of the Act as 'impracticable' and said the mandatory requirement of engaging a technical person to supervise the food preparation process in hotels and restaurants would adversely affect the eateries. Noting that there was no correlation between food safety and academic qualification of the technical person, Sankaran said many hoteliers and restaurant owners were educated, and possessed necessary expertise and qualifications, to maintain hygiene, as they are in business for generations.He said that it would be highly impossible to expect food business operators to provide details such as energy value, nutritional value, etc, by testing the products in laboratory.The association also slammed the provision that stated that no product other than those specifically indicated in the licence could be produced by them. Officials should be informed of such menu adaptation, the law said. The association, however, said such restrictions would curb introduction of novel varieties by people in business.It wanted the court to stay the operation of the regulations, and to restrain the commissioner of food safety of Tamil Nadu from enforcing the provisions of the impugned regulations against the members of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695050", "title": "Private body to collect octroi for Dehu Road Cantt board", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road Cantonment Board (DCB) has approved a proposal for privatization of octroi collection. The private agency has started octroi collection from Thrusday night.Narendra Mahajani, chief accounts officer and public relations officer, DCB, said the private agency will pay Rs 21.50 crore to the cantonment board as the annual octroi collection. The agency has given post-dated cheques for the next 52 weeks, he added.The amount quoted by the private agency is Rs 3.5 crore more than the present octroi collected by the cantonment, he said. The octroi collection has been privatized as the cantonment is facing a shortage of manpower.At present, nearly 105 posts in the Dehu Road cantonment are vacant. The 45 employees of the octroi department will be shifted to other departments once the privatization begins, he added. \"The cantonment will deploy some employees at each of the octroi posts for monitoring octroi collection and stopping any public harassment. A total of 15 octroi employees will be deployed for this work'', Mahajani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696370", "title": "National Democratic Front of Boroland vows to kill 20 for each Bodo killed by forces", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Ranjan Daimary faction of the National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB), which is in the middle of informal peace talks with the Centre through an interlocutor, on Thursday threatened to kill 20 non-Bodos for every Bodo individual killed by security forces.The outfit's assistant information and publicity secretary, B Samijing, in a statement said that Simul Boro, who was killed by security forces at Boko in Kamrup district on Wednesday was not the member or cadre of the NDFB.\"In the name of insurgency, many innocent Bodo youths have been targeted and victimized by Assam Police and security forces, which is disastrous for our community. Bodo people have been exploited, dominated, suppressed, oppressed and discriminated till today. Simul Boro was targeted and shot dead by security forces because he was Bodo,\" the outfit's publicity leader stated.He added, \"The government should not test our patience. The authorities should not repeat the blunder. Twenty for one is our standing resolution. We warn the government to exercise utmost restraint from staging fake encounters or killing any innocent Bodo youths in the name of insurgency. If our demands are not responded to with honour, the government will be responsible for any untoward incident in the future.\"NDFB had given the same threat in November, 2010 after one of its member was killed by security forces. The group had then charged the security forces with killing an innocent person.The outfit's top leadership, including chairman Ranjan Daimary, are currently in jail from where they are engaged in informal talks with the Centre's interlocutor, PC Haldar.The Ranjan Daimary faction has also been chargesheeted by the CBI in connection with the October 30, 2008 serial blasts in the state that killed 92 persons and left over 300 others injured. The outfit again carried out a massacre in October 2009 at Bhimajuli village in Sonitpur district in which 12 people were shot dead at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695377", "title": "Bandh near total, passes off peacefully", "text": "JAIPUR: The one-day bandh called by the BJP-led NDA and Left parties against the petrol hike remained peaceful in the state.In the state capital, the bandh was backed by traders associations and most markets remained closed. City buses did not ply on roads. However, autos were on roads as usual, providing big relief to commuters.BJP held a cycle rally where its state president Arun Chaturvedi along with others rode on bicycles from Paanch Batti square to Badi Chaupar. Later, while talking to TOI, Chaturvedi said: \"It is not just the petrol rise but in every sphere the Congress governments both at the Centre and in the state failed. There is anger among common man against the price rise and corruption which is proved by the success of bandh today.\"The bandh was largely peaceful but members of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha created ruckus by burning tyres right in the front of entrance gate of Hawa Mahal at Tripolia Bazar. Later, the police dispersed the crowd. At Sikar Road too the party workers blocked the road. Similarly, at Tripolia Bazaar, where few auto parts shops were opened, the party workers forced them to close.To register their protest against the petrol hike, the party workers also pushed the jeeps to assert that in near future vehicles will ply on the roads in a similar fashion.Addressing mediapersons, Ghanshyam Tiwari, deputy leader of Opposition said: \"There is complete lawlessness in the nation. People have fed up with the present Congress government at the Centre and today's bandh is one such warning.\"All the tourist places remained opened but hardly any tourists arrived. City Palace, Jantar Mantar, Hawa Mahal and Amber were all deserted. \"Though it is a lean season but still by 12 am at least 250-300 tourists visit these places. Today the situation was worse and hardly 10-15 people came,\" said Devi Singh Shekhawat, a tourist guide at City Palace.In Jaisalmer, the demonstration was peaceful and all shops remained closed. In Jodhpur, BJP workers broke the glass of a taxi and scuffled with the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695927", "title": "Rickshaw puller held for businessman\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rickshaw puller who had killed a businessman in the Karol Bagh area a few days ago has been arrested by the central district police.The man was nabbed from his native place in Bhind, Madhya Pradesh, police said. The incident occurred on May 28. After an argument with businessman Naresh Gupta, the accused, Arun Kumar (23), had repeatedly hit him on the head with a wooden stick. Gupta, who was bleeding profusely, was taken to Lady Hardinge Hospital but he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694229", "title": "Hubby, in-law arrested for dowry death", "text": "NASHIK: The husband and mother-in-law of Manda Gulal Tral (21), who hung herself on Wednesday morning, were arrested by the Panchavati police on charges of dowry harassment and abetment to suicide.In a complaint lodged by Manda's mother, Seetabai Bendkule, her daughter was harassed by her husband, Gulab Taral and mother-in-law, Parvati Taral, to bring Rs 1 lakh for the last two years. Bendkule said that the in-laws did not give Manda food and also beat her up regularly. Manda's husband had rushed her to Civil Hospital after she hung herself, but she died on arrival.The deceased's mother took Manda's body to the police station and alleged that her daughter may have been killed. A case of dowry harrassment and abetment to suicide has been registered against the husband and the mother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bulandshahr", "code": "13694193", "title": "21 pilgrims die in road accident", "text": "BULANDSHAHR: Twenty-one members of a family died and at least 12 persons were injured after a vehicle in which they were travelling collided with an Uttrakhand roadways bus early Thursday morning in Bulandshahr. The incident took place when the family, including nine women and six children, were returning from Garh Ganga after performing rituals on Ganga Dushehra. Some of deceased were residents of Badarpur in Delhi.\"A group of around 45 people were returning after taking a holy dip in Garh Mukteswar. They left at 2am and the incident took place two hours later when their vehicle reached Shekhpur village. The roadways bus collided head-on with the mini-truck, modifying it beyond recognition with metal parts scattered into different directions,\" said SSP Gulab Singh.\"We have registered a case against the bus driver Vinod Nath Goswami who is absconding,\" the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695717", "title": "Amausi airport's new terminal to open tomorrow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly two weeks after it was inaugurated by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, the new terminal at Amausi airport will finally open its arms to flyers on Saturday. The Airport Authority of India is all geared up to throw open to public the much awaited facility, long touted as an ambitious gateway to the state capital.Airport director, Atul Dikshit said that all preparations including shifting of offices of different airlines and staff have been completed. \"The entire passenger load will be transferred to the new terminal, while the old building will be closed down,\" he said. Oman Airways would be the first flight to touch down runway at 4 am on Saturday.Passengers will be routed to the new terminal building, which has extensive immigration arrangements for the passengers flying to and from abroad.The terminal will be set buzzing by 6.00 am when domestic flight operations will begin. Passengers coming to and from Delhi will get a feel of the new terminal which is equipped with modern passenger facilities.Spread over an area of around 20,000 square metres, the three-tier building is estimated to be constructed at a cost of around Rs 120 crore. Enough to accommodate 750 passengers at any given point of time, the new terminal will have internet cafes, duty-free shops, cafeteria, snack bars, bookshops and jewellery stores. While the ground floor will have the arrival and departure points, the first floor will have a lounge connected to two aerobridges that will enable the passengers to walk straight into the aircraft. AAI officials said that the parking space for vehicles too is ready for operational use.The new terminal holds much significance given the fact that it serves the capital of country's most populous state. The Lucknow airport presently caters to over 2.5 lakh fliers every year, and is likely to go beyond three lakh by the end of current financial year. It has been witnessing an increase in the number of airlines coming forth to connect it with other cities in India as well as abroad. With the airport witnessing a steady increase - often estimated in the range of 15-20% every year, the need for a new terminal has increasingly been felt. The coming of new terminal is also important for the fact that the present terminal is fast losing its sheen and utility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693762", "title": "It\u2019s not all work anymore at Tamil Nadu state board schools", "text": "COIMBATORE: Do not be surprised if your child returns from school and claims to be a king, eminent scientist or any other historical figure. It could be the lingering effect of a role play session at school during the social studies period. This is an effort to revamp learning and teaching methods in state board schools with the introduction of Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system in the coming academic year.Meanwhile, the private matriculation schools see the inception of CCE system as a win-win situation, for it would lead to a change in the trend of parents preferring to admit their wards to CBSE schools. However the school authorities feel the trend reversal could be achieved only if some basic issues are addressed and implemented.\"The system has its own merits compared to the traditional method and its implementation in CBSE schools has been received favourably by the students and parents. We believe that it will have a similar impact in rest of the schools,\" R Visalakshi, president, Federation of Association of Private Matriculation Schools, Coimbatore.The system will be introduced in Classes I-VIII this academic year, the state board schools including government and private matriculation ones are gearing up for the challenge already been taken by the CBSE schools across the country.The education department has conducted a meeting with the school principals in the district to appraise them about the CCE system. Training sessions for teachers will be held here in the coming week to familiarise them with the new method.\"It is being introduced as a holistic mode where the teachers and the students will step beyond the textbooks and try to understand the syllabus contents in a more informative and interesting manner,\" said K Sathiyanarayanan, principal, Mani Higher Secondary School.However some of the private school managements are planning to seek help from the CBSE schools in the city to ensure that their teachers adapt well to the system. They feel the training conducted by the school education department will not be adequate and hence the schools themselves will have to conduct training modules with external help from CBSE schools.\"There will be more interaction between the teachers and studentsAn overall assessment of the student will also be possible and the option of identifying specific individual talents will be possible in this method,\" said Prasanna Radhakrishnan, Principal, GKD Matriculation Higher Secondary school.However a section of parents, teachers and also school authorities are sceptical about the system and the effect it will have on the students and teachers. They claim the transition from traditional method of teaching to the CCE system will be a difficult task for the teachers. Also, they said the academic quality of the students shall be revealed only when they reach higher classes as extra-curricular will get prominence in CCE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13693689", "title": "Kerala mulls setting up power plant in Andhra Pradesh at Ramagundam", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala is actively exploring the possibility of setting up a coal-based power plant at Ramagundam in Andhra Pradesh in collaboration with the NTPC ( National Thermal Power Corporation).NTPC will be setting up the new plant as an expansion of its 2,600MW power station at Ramagundam and the coal to fuel it will be transported from Kerala's coalmines in Orissa, K M Chandrasekhar, chairman, State Planning Board, told TOI here. The KSEB will act as the nodal agency for the project on behalf of the state government.A few rounds of talks have already taken place between the NTPC and the Kerala government in this regard. The size of the plant, financing model and other details are yet to be finalized. Kerala hoped to get about 600-700MW power from the proposed station, he said.The proposal has received new momentum with reports emerging that Orissa is backing out of a proposal to set up a 2,000MW power plant in that state as a joint venture with Kerala.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal told TOI that the Centre would take all possible steps to facilitate setting up the plant. \"NTPC has all other systems in place for expansion of its Ramagundam station; the only hitch is availability of coal. If Kerala is ready to provide coal, NTPC will have no problem in executing the expansion work.\"One of the challenges that Kerala will face in going ahead with the project will be in evolving a power sharing formula. It will have to ensure that the state gets the maximum share of power. As per the revised Gadgil formula, the home state where NTPC's power station is located can claim 50 per cent of the power generated.\"We will have to press for a new formula. The land where the power station is located belongs to NTPC, and the coal to be used belongs to Kerala. So we can legitimately demand a higher share of power,\" Chandrasekhar said.Venugopal also said the Gadgil formula need not be applied in this case as Kerala would be supplying the fuel for the power plant. The home state (AP in this case) may have to be allocated 10% of the power; and Kerala can legitimately claim a lion's share of the power from this station, he said. The Union Cabinet can take a decision that would enable the fuel-supplying state to get the maximum share of power, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "13694916", "title": "Officials on smuggling trail injured", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: In a daring act, a car suspected to smuggle PDS (public distribution system) rice from Kanyakumari to Thiruvananthapuram rammed a government jeep that was chasing it, leaving four revenue officials of the flying squad severely injured in the wee hours of Thursday.The incident occurred when the officials were conducting a vehicle check near Marthandam on information that PDS rice was smuggled through the route. The car failed to stop when the officials intercepted it and instead sped away forcing the officials to chase.While one of the officers - district supplies officer (DSO) Panneerselvam - was rushed to a private hospital in Thiruvanathapuram, the rest were admitted to a private hospital in Marthandam. Police said that they have alerted their counterparts in Kerala and have launched a hunt for the car.\"The officials had chased the car for about two km and attempted to overtake it when the car hit the jeep shoving it away from the road. The jeep lost control and rammed a roadside lamp post,\" said district revenue officer S Palaniswamy.Police said that the incident happened around 3.30am. \"The flying squad comprising DSO Panneerselvam, deputy tahsildar I Abdullah Mannan (45), special revenue inspector V Radhakrihsnan (28) and revenue inspector S Syed Ali (32) were conducting a vehicle check at Milagumudu near Thuckalay as they had received a message that rice meant for distribution through ration shops was being smuggled to Kerala around 3am. They had intercepted the white Maruti 800 car, but it failed to stop and sped away,\" narrated a police officer.The officials immediately jumped into their jeep and chased the car. \"The jeep attempted to overtake the car several times but the car driver did not give up. After a chase of about two km, at Kattathurai, the jeep managed to come closer to the car. But when the jeep was about to overtake the car from the left side, the car driver rammed his vehicle into the jeep. The jeep drifted away from the road and hit a lamp post,\" the official said.While Panneerselvam suffered severe head injury and fell unconscious, the driver hit against the steering wheel. Abdullah, Radhakrishnan and Syed Ali suffered injuries on the head, knees and arms. Motorists, who were passing by the accident site, informed the ambulance and the police.Panneerselvam was rushed to KIMS Hospital in Trivandrum, the rest were taken to Isaac Hosptial in Marthandam where they are undergoing treatment.\"We could not inquire the officials as they are still recuperating. The driver of the government jeep said that he had not noticed the registration number of the car. He was not able to say how many persons were in the car,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13701800", "title": "Why is Shankar following Maniratnam?", "text": "Both these names are two big ones in Indian Cinema. One can create magic with his memorable movies and another is a magician in mesmerizing audiences. But, one of them is following the other one from long time.Star director Shankar is showing massive interest in picking girls sculpted by Maniratnam. This is happening from a long time since 'Gentleman' and others. When Maniratnam showed the other side of ravishing Madhubala in 'Roja', Shankar roped her for 'Gentleman'. Mani introduced Aish in 'Iddaru' and Shankar picked her for 'Jeans'. Manisha Koirala rocked both as a sensuous heroine and talented performer in 'Bombay' before getting a chance in 'Bharateeyudu'.Recently, Shankar booked sizzling beauty Samantha for his movie with Vikram. This siren is presently working for Maniratnam's 'Kadal' day and night. Observers are saying that acting in Mani sir's movie is like getting ten degrees from top acting schools at same time. Is it this reason Shankar has seen in Mani's beauties? May be true!Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695444", "title": "'Govt rules transparent'", "text": "JAIPUR: A PIL was filed by one Jago Janata Society through advocate Poonam Chand Bhandari challenging the validity of the regularizations made after June 17, 1999 as it was contended that it was a one time scheme to regularize only those illegal constructions in the state which have been made prior to June 1999.It was also given out that there is no scheme for conversion of agricultural land for commercial, residential, or other non-agricultural use as such and all the allotments made after the date notifying Section 90-B should be declared illegal. On Thursday, additional advocate general SN Kumawat, appearing for state government, told a division bench that government has framed detailed rules which are quite transparent and therefore, there is no grievance pertaining to 90-B as the same is no more a part of statute books. As such, the PIL has become infructuous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696520", "title": "Resident identifies 6 \u2018rogue\u2019 cops from Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after 19-year-old Bandra resident Ronit Kanuga complained of alleged extortion by six policemen, he was called for identification and recording of his statement on Wednesday.The aviation student said, \"The deputy commissioner of police wanted to know the sequence of events early on Sunday morning. I also identified the policeman who took money from me.\"Ronit's mother, fashion choreographer Alison Woodham, out of fear for her children had filed a police complaint on Sunday afternoon . She had stated that the policemen wanted to fine her son for playing loud music at their Chapel Road residence.The men rejected Ronit's protestations that he was only holding a dinner for friends, that there was no music, and that the friends had left half an hour before. After he refused, they told him to accompany them to the police station . Ronit was finally told to settle the issue by paying Rs 3,000.Alison said, \"They will make an example of this. It's a start and there's hope for a corruption-free police force.\" She is awaiting action against those who extorted money from her son.There have apparently been several unreported cases of police landing up at residences recently. A Malabar Hill resident said, \"My parents had gone to a friend's place for dinner. When they were about to leave, policemen rang the door bell alleging that they had received a complaint of loud music, which was untrue. They left when my father's friend, a lawyer, confronted them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695555", "title": "Rajasthan: Jhunjhunu first smoke-free district in the state", "text": "JAIPUR: Jhunjhunu on Thursday earned the distinction of being the first smoke-free district in the state on World No Tobacco Day.Now, if any person is caught smoking at public places in Jhunjhunu, he or she would be challaned. The public places include railway station, bus stands, banks, government offices, schools, colleges and other public and tourist places. The district administration has dedicated certain places, where a person can smoke.\"We have declared Jhunjhunu as a smoke-free district. We have followed all the rules and guidelines mentioned under Control of Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) 2003,\" Jhunjhunu district collector Joga Ram said.The COTPA prohibits smoking in public places. Under the Act, if anyone flouts the rules, a fine of Rs 200 is imposed.To declare the district smoke-free, Jhunjhunu district administration displayed boards at entrances of every government building.As per the Act, restaurants and hotels should also be smoke-free as they are also public places.The district administration put up boards saying \"No smoking area-Smoking here is an offence.\"\"We have authorized our officers to challan persons smoking in public places,\" Joga ram said.Also, the district administration has marked 'smoking areas' in the district, where a person can smoke freely.The International Union against TB and lung diseases officials also inspected Jhunjhunu district to ensure that the district has followed rules of COTPA before declaring it as smoke-free.Narendra Singh, state consultant of National Tobacco Control Programme, WHO India Tobacco Free Initiative/MoHFW, Rajasthan, confirmed, \"Jhunjhunu has become the first district in the state which has been declared smoke free.\"The Jhunjhunu district administration has taken the help of NGOs and Panchayati Raj Institutions to achieve the status. \"The rural areas of Jhunjhunu have also been covered under the smoke-free zone and for that the district administration has sought the help of Panchayati Raj Institutions,\" a district administration official said.A source said that as per the COTPA, every district should be declared smoke-free and those districts which are not being declared smoke-free are violating the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694655", "title": "Bandh partial and peaceful in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thursday's 'Bharat Bandh' had little impact on the city with a few shops, malls and multiplexes rolling down their shutters only to function as normal behind half-closed doors. Almost all petrol bunks in the city remained open; a few were closed in the morning but opened for business during the day. Offices too stayed open and commuters faced no trouble with even the autorickshaws plying normally.\"We failed to make the auto-drivers aware of the bandh's importance. Hence, not all auto-drivers participated in the bandh,\" auto union leader Amanullah Khan said. Thursday was a regular working day for the city's IT hub as well and offices here reported full attendance.With APSRTC running most of its services, commuters faced no problems in reaching their workplace or home. Except air-conditioned buses, APSRTC plied all services in the city. However, there were sporadic incidents of agitators from various political parties trying to stop them.Hyderabad police said 989 protestors were taken into preventive custody in the city while they were staging protests. BJP state president G Kishan Reddy was arrested while staging a protest at Abids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699598", "title": "Namitha to act as lesbian?", "text": "There were rumours that Namitha would be playing a lesbian in one of her forthcoming films. When queried, the buxom actress denied it as rumours. She said, \"The people in the country are not opened to it. Some attempts were made in Bollywood in this regard and the movies made on them too have failed miserably. I would rather not accept such roles now\". Namitha, who is acting in a Telugu movie Jagadamba , says, ' I am getting enough offers in Tamil. But in no hurry. I want to wait and watch and pick the right ones'.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695597", "title": "Push for speed governors may've reduced toll: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Experts blame the government's delay in installing speed governors in heavy vehicles for the accidents on the state's highways. If the state had made it mandatory for heavy vehicles to have speed governors, a gadget which restricts the speed up to 60 kmph, from January this year, then Sunday's mishap would have been less damaging. Interestingly, the killer truck was bought by the owner in March.According to officials in the state's transport department, it had mooted a proposal only last year but the final order after cabinet approval came in recently. The order makes it mandatory for new heavy vehicles, especially buses, to fit speed governors from May 1. The deadline for existing buses, having no governors, to fit the equipment is May 1, 2013. For trucks the deadline is July 3, 2013.When asked whether any vehicle had fitted the speed governor since May 1, transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said he hadn't conducted the review\"For a vehicle to get the annual fitness certificate, speed governors will be mandatory,\" he said.Interestingly, Panvel RTO Sharad Jichkar said around 30 buses and heavy vehicles in his jurisdiction had fitted speed governors and others were in the process of installing them.The government order on speed governors came at the beginning of the current financial year. As per the government resolution (GR), newly-registered buses and old school buses will have to install speed governors before May 1, 2013 while newly-registered trucks and dumpers have to do so before July 3, 2013.For private carriers and national permit vehicles the deadline for fitting speed governors is September 1, 2013 and November 1, 2013 respectively. All these vehicles have to start the process of installing the same a year before. \"For all these commercial heavy vehicles, the clock has started ticking now or else they may not get their fitness certificate and may lose their revenue,\" said another transport official.The electronic speed governors, which are said to be most effective cost between Rs 22,000 and Rs 25000 whereas the mechanical ones cost up to Rs 13,000. Interestingly, after the recent mishap of a double-decker bus in Bandra, which killed a biker, the BEST had decided to fit the devices on its buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694567", "title": "Modern amenities for non-VIP prisoners", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's 'gruha pravesham' for inmates of the Chanchalguda Central Prison on Friday. The prisoners will move into a new premises with modern buildings constructed as per international standards. The barracks in the 136-year-old central prison, where prisoners are now lodged, will all be razed to the ground soon. The Chanchalguda jail was constructed in 1876 by the Nizam.The 668 prisoners, mostly undertrials, will be able to enjoy the facilities in the three new blocks adjacent to the jail from Friday. While one is a 50-bed hospital block, the other two have barracks on the ground and first floors.Interestingly, while the ordinary prisoners will get the facility of the new blocks, the special class prisoners, including YS Jaganmohan Reddy , will have to stay put in the old barracks. That is because the new buildings have been specifically constructed keeping ordinary prisoners in mind.\"A plan has been drawn up for constructing new barracks even for special class prisoners. The design of the barracks is different. They will be constructed after the barracks housing the ordinary prisoners are demolished,\" DIG prisons (Telangana region) B Samuel Johnson told TOI. This plan may take a year or more to become reality. So, while ordinary prisoners will now be able to get into modern buildings, with western toilets, wash basins, rooms with proper ventilation, lighting and fans, special class prisoners will have to continue to battle it out in the old barracks.Chanchalguda jail in-charge superintendent K Venkateshwara Reddy said the shifting of the prisoners will begin from Friday and may be completed by Sunday. He said all the barracks were spacious and would easily be able to accommodate 1,000 prisoners.Venkateshwara Reddy said the barracks in the new blocks had different dimensions and each could accommodate between 80 and six prisoners. Such type of accommodation will help prison authorities segregate prisoners according to their type of crimes. It may be mentioned here that mostly undertrials are lodged in the Chanchalguda prison. There are a limited number of convicts as they are required to work for the upkeep of the prison.A separate gate was fixed for entry into the new premises but the authorities decided to keep the present gate as the entry. The new gate was removed and a wall was constructed in its place few days ago. Though the construction of the new blocks for the prisoners was completed last year itself, the new warders and jail staff had occupied the new buildings for their training period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696876", "title": "Madras HC stays trial against boy who murdered teacher", "text": "CHENNAI: The trial in the sensational murder of school teacher Uma Maheshwari , who was stabbed by a class 10 student inside the classroom on February 9, was stayed by the Madras high court on Thursday after the boy's father alleged lapses in the juvenile justice board (JJB) proceedings.Vacation judge Justice Aruna Jagadeesan granted the interim stay till June 8 after the boy's father sought transfer of trial to some other JJB or before some other presiding officer. The trial commenced at the JJB here on May 28. The murder took place at St Mary's Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School at Broadway.Senior counsel R Shanmugasundaram, representing the boy's father, told the court that the trial commenced without the boy being furnished the full set of chargesheet and other documents. Alleging serious procedural lapses at the JJB, Shanmugasundaram submitted that mandatory requirements stipulated under Sections 207 and 208 of the Code of Criminal Procedure had been violated. Though the two sections made it clear that the boy shall be furnished a copy of the police report, statements and other documents, the board furnished only portions of the chargesheet and other documents in two instalments, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696447", "title": "Prague honour for Assam writer", "text": "GUWAHATI: The English translation of Amar Samoy guest editor Pankaj Thakur's \"Jibon Juktir Bahirot\" was launched at the International Book Fair held in Prague recently. The book - \"The Heart is a Secure Address\" - is a collection of autobiographical episodes.It was jointly released by Sunil Gangopadhyay, president Sahitya Akademi and Dana Kalinova, director of the book fair. The book was translated into English by noted litterateurs like Mitra Phukan, Krishna Dulal Baruah, Mitali Goswami, Rupanjali Baruah and Stuti Goswami. Thakur also took part in a discussion on contemporary Indian literature and on the various issues of regional literature in the country at the fair. Gangopadhya, in his speech, stated that the book is full of rare real-life experiences conveyed through lucid and subtle writing. Kalinova termed it as a significant event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ipoh", "code": "13700993", "title": "India striker Sunil faces disciplinary action", "text": "IPOH: India striker SV Sunil will face a disciplinary action for raising his middle finger at the spectators after scoring the winning goal against Pakistan in the Azlan Shah Cup match.Sunil's gesture caught the attention of the tournament director after television replays showed the striker celebrating his 69th minute goal, which sealed the match 2-1 in India's favour, by throwing a punch in the air with one finger raised as he got off the turf and ran back.The incident did not come to the notice of officials immediately but slow motion replays of the goal were discussed on Thursday night by television commentators.The tournament director Sarinder Dillon of Hong Kong has summoned the Indian team manager tomorrow before the last round of the round-robin league matches that begin after a day's rest.Dillon said he had seen the video but would not talk about the subject only after meeting the Indian manager.\"I have seen the match's video and I'll meet the Indian team manager tomorrow regarding the incident,\" Dillon said, refusing to elaborate if any disciplinary action would be taken on Sunil.Other tournament officials said any action against the errant player would first be intimated to the team concerned before it is announced.The Indian squad seemed oblivious of the developments even as the Tournament Director was announcing the decision of summoning the team's manager.Indian team coach Michael Nobbs, who gave the players a day off after finishing their six league matches, said he was going to see the match recording and the incident that was being mentioned.\"We saw nothing, and it would be out of character for Sunil to do something like that,\" Nobbs said just minutes before the Tournament Director announced his decision to summon the Indian manager.Sunil's match-winning goal for India against Pakistan came in the penultimate minute of the game when the teams were tied 1-1.India had opened the scoring in the first session through penalty corner specialist Sandeep Singh, while Pakistan equalised with a penalty corner conversion by Sohail Abbas, the highest all-time goal scorer in international hockey.The victory has kept the five-time champions India, currently lying in the third place, in the contest for a bronze medal.India's opponents for the play-offs and whether that would feature in the bronze medal match would be finalised only after tomorrow's league matches.All teams, expect India, will be playing their last league games tomorrow.India have rounded off their league engagements with nine points from six matches.New Zealand have confirmed entry into the Azlan Shah Cup final by earning 12 points from five games.Argentina (nine points from five matches) and pre-tournament favourites Great Britain (eight points in five matches) are vying for the second spot when they go into their respective last league matches on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13696968", "title": "US lawmaker demands accountability in drone attacks", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US lawmaker on Thursday demanded accountability and transparency in drone strikes in countries like Pakistan, saying that such attacks undermine the morals, values and the strategic goals of the United States.\"The fact that they are conducted with complete impunity and with no accountability threatens to set a dangerous precedent that could unravel the very laws and international standards the US helped to create,\" Congressman Dennis Kucinich said.In a statement, Kucinich said when Congress passed the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, it did not authorise endless war against countries the US is not at war with.He said the use of drones must be subject to the same legal constrains and oversight as any other weapon.\"These drone strikes are being conducted in the name of our national security and yet Congress and the American people have not been provided with the legal justification for such strikes,\" he said.Congressman Kucinich is currently inviting his colleagues to join him in writing to US President Barack Obama , to request \"the targeting criteria for 'signature' strikes (drone strikes where the identity of the person killed is unknown); mechanisms used by the CIA and JSOC to ensure that such killings are legal; the nature of the follow-up that is conducted when civilians are killed or injured; and the mechanisms that ensure civilian casualty numbers are collected, tracked and analysed\".The letter, endorsed by Amnesty International, has already been signed by nine members of Congress.According to him, the Bureau of Investigative Journalism estimates that at least 2,292 people have been killed by US drone strikes in Pakistan since 2004.The Bureau estimates that of that number, over 350 are civilians.A July 2009 Brookings Institution report stated that 10 civilians die for every one suspected militant from US drone strikes.Yet another study by the New American Foundation concluded that out of 114 drone attacks in Pakistan, at least 32 per cent of those killed by the strikes were civilians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13695072", "title": "A spatter of excitement", "text": "DUGRI: Making it a splashing goodbye before the summer vacation, Cherubs Preschool at Dugri put together a cool rain party for the tiny tots on Thursday morning.Kids waddled in the colourful pool and danced to peppy songs specially played for them.It was a great opportunity for the children to beat the heat by getting drenched. After the party, they were treated to their favourite snacks and juice. It was a happy break for the children from their daily routine and they seemed to love it.School director Ruchika Arora said the scorching sun and extreme heat had made life unbearable so they came up with this idea of organizing a rain dance party. \"Every student looks refreshed and going by their laughter, it's visible that they loved each moment,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694625", "title": "Train services unaffected", "text": "KOLKATA: Though train services remained largely unaffected in West Bengal during the 12-hour Bharat Bandh on Thursday, long distance passengers suffered due to obstructions at several stations in Odhisa. Several outgoing trains from Howrah had to be rescheduled as incoming ones were held up at these stations for hours. The worst affected were trains bound for southern and western parts of the country. Some trains were short-terminated by South Eastern Railway (SER).Bandh supporters obstructed trains at the Soro, Rupsa, Balasore, Amarda Road, Jaleswar and Basta stations in the Kharagpur-Bhadrak section of SER. Squatters also obstructed trains at the Bhadrak station in the Esat Coast Railway.\"Though there were agitations and attempts to block trains in the Kharagpur, Adra and Chakradharpur divisions of SER since 5.15 am, these could be removed with help from the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and Government Railway Police (GRP) before long. Some of the stations from where obstructions were removed are Tamluk, Madpur, Chengail, Balichak, Uluberia, Bauria, Nalpur, Bhogpur, Ramsagar, Chhatna and Rourkela. Trains, however, continued to remain stranded at some stations in the Kharagpur-Bhadrak section,\" an official said.While the Howrah-Mumbai Gitanjali Express and Howrah-Puri Duronto Express were rescheduled to later in the evening, the Bhubaneswar-Howrah Jan Shatabdi Express was short-terminated at Bhadrak. The Shalimar-Baripada Intercity Express was also short-terminated at Rupsa.\"As many as 20 mail/express trains including the Guwahati-Thiruvananthapuram Express, Puri-Howrah Sri Jagannath Express, Puri-Howrah Garib Rath Express, New Delhi-Puri Express, Howrah-Puri Dhauli Express and Howrah-Secunderabad Falaknuma Express were detained at various stations outside West Bengal,\" the official added.In the morning, Eastern Railway services were disrupted due to sporadic agitations. The agitations got over at most places by 9.30 am and normal services resumed. All long-distance trains of Eastern Railway started from Howrah on time though. Most incoming trains also reached Howrah on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695232", "title": "Thursday hottest of month, but May was no scorcher", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars who chose to skip office and chill at home on Thursday, chose wisely as they were saved from the scorching heat. On Thursday, Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 35.2 degrees Celsius-1.5 degrees above normal and the highest this May. The month has otherwise witnessed normal temperatures. While Santa Cruz recorded a maximum temperature of 33.6 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature remained high with Colaba recording 28 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz recording 27.8 degrees Celsius on Thursday. \"The maximum temperature of Thursday is only a marginal increase,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at India Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"The climatic conditions were normal on Thursday. The westerly winds continued to prevail over the city,\" said a weather official. However, as compared to the previous years, May this year has been much more bearable, if one looks at the temperatures recorded. According to the IMD data, in the last 10 years, the maximum temperature rose as high as 38.7 degrees Celsius on May 8, 2004. Moreover, the all-time high has been 41 degree Celsius on May 19, 2000. This year, however, apart from Thursday when the temperature rose up to 35.2 degrees Celsius, the temperatures have been normal-hovering around 34 degrees Celsius in Colaba, and 33 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz. \"Generally, when winds from the land area-the northerlies or north easterlies-hit the city, the temperature increases. However, all through the month, westerly winds have been prevalent. Moreover, the sea breeze have been setting in on time, thus, providing enough moisture and not allowing the temperatures to rise much,\" said Rajeev, adding that the weather has been normal for the month of May. The discomfort index, however, shows that Mumbaikars have been sweating it out-literally. Discomfort index is a computed value that describes how hot or humid the weather 'feels' to an average person. It combines the temperature and humidity into one number to reflect the perceived temperature. On Thursday, the discomfort index was 50 degrees Celsius in Colaba, as humidity levels were 64% in the evening. But an IMD official said the discomfort index would have been higher if the afternoon humidity levels (1pm) were taken into consideration, as the humidity levels were higher at the time. Santa Cruz, meanwhile, had a discomfort level of 46 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13700047", "title": "BEML serves legal notice on ex-Army chief, denies charges", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Gen V K Singh retired as chief of Army, public sector BEML today slapped a legal notice on him demanding an apology for his \"false and motivated\" allegations against it on the Tatra truck issue.\"Legal notice has been issued today. If he does not apologize, we may file a defamation suit against Gen V K Singh\", BEML chairman and managing director V R S Natarajan told reporters here.Gen Singh had alleged that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe by a former officer to clear supply of a tranche of 600 Tatra trucks into which the CBI is investigating.\"The former Army chief has made some allegations against BEML. As the CEO of the company, I deny them as absolutely false, motivated, damaging and defamatory\", Natarajan said.The CBI has registered a preliminary inquiry against retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on a complaint filed by Singh in which he has alleged that the retired Army officer had offered him the bribe for clearing a 'sub-standard' consignment of Tatra trucks.Natarajan defended the delay in initiating the process for defamation against Singh saying the company had to go through the process of seeking legal advice and then placing it before the board for approval.BEML has not received a single letter that the Tatra vehicles is sub-standard, obsolete or over-priced, Natarajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13696878", "title": "Barack Obama used pot until dad\u2019s death: Michelle Obama", "text": "LONDON: Michelle Obama has opened up about her husband's past drug use during an appearance on Comedy Central's 'The Daily Show' to promote her new cookbook.The first lady said Barack Obama gave up drugs at a young age because he realized he 'could do more with his life'.\"He had a mother that was always saying you're so gifted, you're so talented, slap him on the head, 'get yourself together'. When he lost his father, that was one of those click-in moments. And he really buckled down, he transferred schools, went to Columbia, and thought about how to use his life to the fullest ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695567", "title": "\u2018Free medicines bring more patients to OPDs\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The chief minister's free medicine scheme, which was launched last October, has found many takers in Jaipur, a survey report claimed. The survey found that 22.7% of total tertiary and district hospitals, community health centres (CHCs) and primary health centres (PHCs) have witnessed more than 100% jump in number of patients registered at OPDs. Also, patients increased by more than 50% at 25% of total health facilities surveyed.More than 55 centres, including 27 dispensaries, four PHCs and eight CHCs, eight satellite and tertiary hospitals were surveyed. A group of 60 students (law interns) from various universities in the country surveyed the drug distribution centres opened under chief minister free medicine scheme in Jaipur district.The survey was conducted under PUCL (People's Union For Civil Liberties) and technical support was provided by Prayas, an NGO. PUCL general secretary Kavita Srivastava said, \"We wanted to know the progress of the free medicine scheme in last seven months since launch of the scheme. After the survey we found that this scheme has taken roots in Jaipur, as the number of OPD patients increased and also around 85% of patients are aware of the free medicine scheme. The survey shows that 62% of the patients get 100% medicines prescribed by the doctor under the free medicine scheme.\"The survey shows that 56.4% of patients get medicines immediately from the drug distribution centres (DDC). The finding of survey shows that 68.7% patients are satisfied with the scheme, while 21.3% are somewhat satisfied and 10% of them are not satisfied at all with the free medicine scheme. However, there are some distressing findings too. Out of the total DDCs 68.2% have no name and phone numbers of complaint officer. Around 75% of them are not computerised. A surveyor Roshan Awasthi said, \"At an DDC, the officials demanded BPL cards to distribute free medicine, though free medicine scheme is for all.\"Another surveyor Gandharwa Gautam said, \"There is no doctor at At Jawahar Nagar dispensary since past two months.\" Besides, at Chomu dispensary, a surveyor claimed that there were swines living inside the building.Chhaya Pacholi, who provided technical support for the survey from Prayas organization, said, \"The chief minister's free medicine scheme should be included under Rajasthan Public Services Guarantee Act, 2011. It should be made part of Act at the earliest so that when the right to free medicine is denied, an individual can claim compensation. Again, the person responsible for making the medicines available can also be made accountable. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13687160", "title": "I\u2019d like to see Delhi\u2019s nightlife: Asha Negi", "text": "Recently, when actress Asha Negi aka Purvi of \"Pavitra Rishta\" was in Delhi, she was cribbing to us about not getting chutti to visit her family in Dehradun. \"I am missing my friends and family very badly. I just wish to go home right now,\" said the actress.But even as she was upset about not being able to go home, she was quite happy to be in Delhi and told us about how she always shops in the street markets here. \"I love Delhi, especially shopping in Sarojini Nagar and Lajpat Nagar,\" she said. So will she shop there this time as well? \"This time round, our schedule is such that I won't be able to go shopping. My co-star Ritwik Mahesh Dhanjani is also enjoying this Delhi trip. It's the first time he's come to Delhi,\" she told us.Later, we overheard her planning a night out with Ritwik and actress Prachi Pathak, who was also with them. When we asked her about it, Asha said, \"I love dancing and would like to see how Delhi's nightlife is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696034", "title": "Department of Town and Country Planning rejects SS Group plea for Sec 84 project", "text": "GURGAON: The Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has rejected a proposal for setting up a colony by SS Group, whose Mayfair Gardens project licence has not been renewed due to delay in payment of the fee. The developer had submitted the proposal seeking licence for setting up a colony on a 2.9-acre piece of land in Sector 84 near Hayatpur village.In a letter to the builder, the director general of DTCP, T C Gupta, has written: \"Since you are not able to manage a single colony, it is not worthwhile to consider additional licence for another area.\"Reacting to the development, Sukhbir Jaunpuria, owner of the SS Group, said: \"There is nothing wrong in this. The licence is not permitted because of other reasons. The land is owned by us and we will try to take the licence for another project.\"Earlier, the DTCP had issued a show-cause notice to the builder on account of payment default. In his response to the notice, the builder had contended that the payment defaults were due to other builders who co-owned the Mayfield Gardens project. The SS Group has only 8 % share in the project.But Gupta didn't accept the argument and said that none of the co-owners in Mayfield Gardens will get a new licence in Gurgaon.It may be recalled that the DTCP had cancelled the licences of the builders involved in Mayfield Gardens on account of non-payment of the dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699259", "title": "STR at Settai sets", "text": "Settai, the remake of Delhi Belly by R.Kannan is going fast on heels and has turned everyone's heads on Surya's visit to the sets recently.The latest seen on the sets of Settai was young superstar STR. The young actor on visiting the sets of Settai interacted with the crew and lauded that the combo of Arya and Santhanam would strike big again. He expressed his confidence on the movie and that it would sure go on to become a smash hit. Settai is a comedy entertainer which stars Arya, Santhanam, Premgi Amaren, Anjali and Hansika in the lead. The movie directed by R.Kannan and produced by UTV Motion Pictures has music scored by Thaman.Source : Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696077", "title": "Bandh paralyzes life for tourists, students and business", "text": "PANAJI: With commercial establishments keeping their shutters down for the bandh, markets wearing a deserted look and private bus operators refusing to ply, Goans across sections went through innumerable inconveniences as normal life remained disrupted on Thursday.The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) bandh to protest the hike in petrol price cost businessmen much. \"I couldn't open my shop for business the entire day. It led to a loss of 20,000-25,000 for me,\" said Shamal Tarcar, a 42-year-old stationery store owner in Panaji.Employees of private and government organizations were affected as badly. Youngster Denis Coutinho , who travels each day to work to Panaji from Verna, said, \"Due to the bandh, I was unable to go to work and had to stay at home as there was no public transport. As I work in a media agency, it was important for me to be in office on a day when Goa is experiencing a bandh.\"The worst hit were residents of Bardez and Pernem talukas as the bandh coincided for them with a power shutdown and cut in water supply announced in advance by the authorities to carry out maintenance works.Manpreet Kaur, a college student and resident of Britona, said, \"There was no water or power at home. I was stranded at home because there was no public transport. There was absolutely nothing to do. I couldn't even go to meet my friends in Panaji.\" The exams in all colleges affiliated to the Goa University were rescheduled because of the bandh. Students of engineering colleges were especially affected due to the rescheduling. \"The changed dates of the papers means that the rescheduled paper will eat into the time meant for revision for another paper,\" an engineering student from South Goa said.Many locals as well as tourists were affected by the bandh as their movements were curtailed to short distances due to unavailability of public transport. This translated into losses also for businesses which cater especially to tourists in areas like the beach belt.Restaurants which managed to operate stealthily, like one seen at Miramar, found tourists making a beeline for them.A Taleigao local, Raghu Modelea, and his wife were seen spending time at the Miramar beach as they are users of public transport and the bandh restricted their movement. \"Actually everyone is indirectly affected by the bandh as the closure of business leads to revenue losses and eventually development too is affected,\" he said.Dona Paula resident and housewife Joyce Fernandes, said, \"I was unable to go to the market to get groceries and it was difficult to carry out daily chores like cooking as I had to make do with whatever I had.\"\"Because there were no buses, I had to resort to asking for a lift from a neighbour to make it in time for an important appointment in Panaji,\" said Clara Mendes, a housewife from Santa Cruz.A concerned resident of Porvorim, Shilpa Singh, thought the idea of a bandh was okay as long as \"it doesn't turn out to become a violent event\". \"I think it is a form of protest not only because of petrol but because of the general inflation which has affected people in urban and rural areas alike,\" she said.P S Rane, an assistant sub-inspector on duty at Miramar for the bandh, said, \"There has been no problem and the bandh has been a peaceful one.\" A student of Mushtifund Higher Secondary School, Tejas Kamat from Taleigao, however, didn't think the bandh was a very \"effective\" means of protest. \"The bandh is of no use since the government doesn't really care and a proper strategy should be adopted to make the protests more effective,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694189", "title": "Boy crushed in lift well", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 12-year-old boy was killed in a freak lift accident at Soham Apartment near Vishwakarma Bhavan in Chandlodia on Thursday afternoon. The victim, Jeetu Jaat, plunged head first into a lift shaft and then got caught between the lift cabin and lift well.This is the second such incident within a fortnight. Earlier, Deval Vora, 11, was stuck between the lift car and shaft at B Block of Pushpak Flats in Vasna. Police are yet to know the reason for the accident despite several visits by the lift inspector and forensic science experts.The incident took place on Thursday when Jeetu called the lift from third floor at 4.30 pm to descend to the ground floor of Soham Apartment. \"Fire bridage officials say that the lift car might not have stopped on the third floor, prompting Jeetu to open the door in haste. At that time, due to a partial vacuum created by the lift cabin, Jeetu may have been sucked inside. This resulted into a freak accident as the boy got stuck between the lift well and cabin,\" said Sola police station inspector J M Bharwad.Jeetu was found hanging upside down. His torso was hanging from the lift car with his legs caught on the cabin's topside. The local residents stopped the lift and pulled him out from the third floor. Experts said that Jeetu might have been alive for a while after the accident as his face and waist had blood clots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695892", "title": "Anti-cyclonic winds delay monsoon's arrival by four days", "text": "PUNE: Anti-cyclonic winds prevailing over the Arabian Sea have stalled the southwest monsoon's progress over Kerala and delayed its normal June 1 arrival by four to five days.\"The wind situation prevailing over the Arabian Sea is not favourable for the further monsoon progress,\" said India Meteorological Department's (IMD) deputy director general (weather central) Medha Khole. She said the anti-cyclonic circulation that refers to an atmospheric wind flow in the upper levels associated with any high pressure system has impacted the flow of the southwesterly winds that bring monsoon to India.\"Our numerical weather forecast model shows that after four to five days, there will be formation of a vortex over the Arabian Sea, which will alter the course of the anti-cyclonic winds. This will make way for the monsoon's progress,\" she said.The monsoon has so far covered the Andaman Sea and has progressed over south of Sri Lanka after arriving over the island nation three days behind schedule on May 23. The IMD had forecasted favourable conditions for its further progress to the country's mainland, starting with Kerala on June 1 on May 26. \"Last year, the monsoon's advance over Andaman Sea was delayed by nine days from its normal date of May 20. Still, it set over Kerala on May 29, three days before its normal date of June 1,\" Pai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695212", "title": "Maharashtra official caught taking Rs 50k bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Thursday caught a senior officer of the land valuation and measurement department while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a person. Acting on a complaint, the ACB trapped Machindra Bhujbal. He has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act and will be produced before the special ACB court on Friday. The ACB officials are carrying out searches of his house to find out if he has assets disproportionate to his income. The complaint was filed by a builder's firm which recently purchased a plot in the eastern suburbs. The developer's liaison officer had applied before the land and measurement department for the plot's transfer to his company. But the process was getting delayed. The liaison officer, the complainant in the case, approached Bhujbal at his Mulund office and he allegedly demanded Rs 50,000. The complainant then approached the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13695197", "title": "Break for cops, misery for many", "text": "RANCHI: Traffic policemen of the city took a break from their daily grime and were spotted chatting and taking rest under tree shades as the traffic was minimal because of the nationwide bandh on Thursday.\"As there is very less traffic when compared to other days so we thought we should rest for a while instead of standing under the sun,\" said a traffic policeman near Radium Road.Three traffic constables were seen sitting on chairs and chatting under tree shades near Raj Bhavan. One of them said, \"Only one or two motorbikes are on the road so there is no necessity for us to stand at the post all day. After all, we also deserve a break.\"The bandh did prove to be a break time for the traffic constables but it created serious financial problems for the street vendors. Shiv Narayan, a gram seller, said, \"Everyday, I earn almost Rs 200 but on Thursday, I earned only Rs 35 till evening. I don't know how I will take food for home today.\"The juice shops that are usually crowded due to the extreme heat were empty as a result of the bandh.Rohan, a juice seller, said, \"The bandh had a very bad effect on my business. Where I earn almost Rs 2,000 everyday, on Thursday it did not even reach Rs 500. It is going to ruin my budget.\"Effect of bandh was also seen on the business of fruit and vegetable vendors.A fruit vendor, Shanti Devi, said, \"If I don't sell fruits everyday then how will I feed my children? On Thursday also I came with a hope to sell fruits as I had no idea about the bandh. But now I think I will not be able to earn much as I did not get a single customer since morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13695924", "title": "Father of slain cop seeks to unravel the mystery", "text": "KOLLAM: A month after his younger son was found murdered in a remote village in Madhya Pradesh , Ramachandran Pillai, an 80-year-old man from Sasthamkotta is running from pillar to post to bring his son's killers before law.It was in April that Pillai's son, Suresh Pillai, who was on a deputation with the Rajasthan police, was found dead near Hardha railway station in Madhya Pradesh. His body was partly stripped and the fingers of both hands were found chopped off. The postmortem revealed a deep wound in his head which resulted in his death.The initial probe found that Suresh was robbed of his valuables, including his mobile phone. He was on his way back to his job place in Delhi after spending a few days at his home at Sasthamkotta.The gruesome nature of the death had prompted Ramachandran Pillai to believe that it was a clear case of murder. \"My son was murdered. Even the way the authorities treated his body is suspicious. I believe it was carried out with the knowledge of his colleagues,\" said Pillai.Sreekumar Pillai, the elder brother of Suresh had gone to Delhi to find out the truth. He also raised suspicion that his brother might have been killed by someone within his friends' circle in the camp. \"No one responded to my queries honestly and I came to know from some officers that specific instructions were given to the people in the camp to remain mute on the murder,\" said Sreekumar.Ramachandran Pillai has been filing complaints one after another to the authorities, including the chief minister, Mavelikkara MP, DGP and to Rajasthan police, to find the truth behind the murder but to no avail. However, he is determined in his fight.\"I want to know the truth behind my son's murder at least before my death. Moreover, I want to know the reason behind why the authorities are showing such ingratitude to a man who had served their organization all these years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13693494", "title": "Pakistan welcome but where's the window: MS Dhoni", "text": "GURGAON: It goes without saying that the choc-a-bloc cricket calendar has taken its toll on players' fitness and also led to audience fatigue. This issue was once again highlighted by Indian captain MS Dhoni on Wednesday. While everyone at a media event here on Thursday seemed excited about the possible revival of Indo-Pak bilateral ties, Dhoni wondered how a series could be fitted in given the cramped schedule.\"It will be good if the Pakistan team comes here. At the same time, I am not sure where they (the administrators) will fit in. We are open to playing them,\" was Dhoni's reaction on Pakistan Cricket Board chief Zaka Ashraf's recent visit and his efforts to revive Indo-Pak cricket.That aside, the Indian skipper, tongue firmly in cheek, made it clear how badly he needs the one and a half month's break. On being asked about his plans, Dhoni said: \"We have played continuous cricket for three-four years now. I would not like the break to be cut down any further,\" Dhoni said and added that he would engage himself with his social commitments.It has indeed been a long and tough year post World Cup for him with a series of disappointing results. Credit goes to him that he hasn't flinched during the period, hardly missing any game barring the Adelaide Test in January. It's apparent that it's his fitness and mental toughness that have helped him sustain the grind. Talking about his workload, Dhoni said: \"Bulk of my workload is as a wicketkeeper. Keeping for 90 overs a day for such a long period isn't easy. Sometimes it becomes 190, specially in Sri Lanka . The reason I've been able to take the load is because I had started off training to become a footballer . That helped me develop strong legs.\"Meanwhile, Dhoni, who was here for the launch of a sports gym, said he was surprised at Kevin Pietersen's retirement from the shorter formats of the game.\"It's surprising. This means he won't be a part of the T20 World Cup. While that is good news for a rival team's captain, I love his batting. One can't forget the impact he had in this year's IPL,\" Dhoni remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13695962", "title": "Employees grow vegetables on garbage treatment plant premises", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Months after the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant was closed down following protests by local villagers, the vast expanse of land within the premises is slowly turning into a mini agricultural farm -- the handiwork of the 40 odd staff who are employed there.Healthy saplings of ladies finger, beans, bitter gourd and an array of other vegetables and plantains have been planted in small patches of land across the whole area.Bull-dozers and men jointly labour hard to extend the venture to more vacant areas on the premises. The mission is keenly monitored by the agricultural officer from Kudapanakunnu office who visits every two weeks to guide the new farmers. The organic manure produced in the factory nourishes the vegetable farm.It all began in December after the plant was shut down. \"In the first few weeks, we had enough work in the factory. Slowly the garbage heaps began to disappear with the processing and we thought we should do something meaningful. Agriculture came as the first option and there was no voice of dissent,\" said an officer in charge of the factory. Once the plan was charted out, the areas were earmarked and levelled with bulldozers. The employees would plant the saplings, sow the seeds and water them regularly in the morning and evening. When told about the initiative, mayor K Chandrika responded by sending a load of 5,000 plantain saplings. \"I was so happy when the employees told me about this scheme. I made sure that they get all the assistance they needed,\" said Chandrika.When money was needed, the employees did not have any problem shelling out small sums from their pockets. As their mission sprouted slowly, they also dug three ponds within the compound. \"We are now planning to take up pisciculture. The fisheries board has promised us fries (young fish) of different breeds,\" an employee said.The latest addition to their plant is a calf which they are bringing up in a well-built cow-shed close to the main plant. Chicken coops and tapioca cultivation are also in the pipeline. The coop is already readied and the employees will soon procure the chickens.The corporation is planning to market the vegetables once they are ready for harvest. \"We will market it under the brand 'Safe Food'. The idea is to change the attitude of the people towards the plant. The produce will be sold at a price lower than the market rate,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698976", "title": "Mahesh Babu thrilled with the response for SVSC trailer", "text": "The trailer of \" Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\", which was released yesterday, got a thunderous response. Starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, SVSC is one of the much awaited movies of the season, and the audience got a good feel of the film after watching the teaser. Reports say that \"SVSC\" trailer attracted nearly 2, 27,319 views on YouTube while 9416 members shared it on the Face Book.Mahesh Babu was quick to thank everyone on the great response of the trailer. The actor wrote, \"Superb response for svsc teaser...Thankyou so much guys....waiting eagerly for the festive season :)\" (sic). The superstar also took the opportunity to greet his father Krishna on his birthday. \"Here's wishing my evergreen superstar father a very happy birthday :):)\".The first look of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" is planned for August and the movie is slated to release in September. The movie is directed by Srikanth Addala and music is composed by Mickey J Meyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695631", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation mulls 24x7 water supply for entire area", "text": "INDORE: The problem of water shortage, leakage and theft in various colonies of the city may soon be solved as Indore Municipal Corporation is mulling to adopt a model through which it plans to supply water to the residents round the clock.The civic body supplies 5 MLD water to colonies near to Bilawali zone and about 30 MLD water to colonies near to Yeshwant Sagar. With introduction of Narmada third phase project, the corporation is planning to provide 24 hours water supply.To plug the leakages and curb water thefts, the corporation had roped in a private company to draft a detailed project report. The company delivered a presentation on Friday citing an example of Malkapur tahasil of Maharashtra where 24 hour water supply was made possible without leakage and automatic meter reading systems were installed. Similar model will be introduced in Pune soon.To check feasibility of the project, a presentation was made to mayor Krishna Murari Moghe, Commissioner of the corporation Yogendra Sharma and other top bosses of the civic body. The presenters elaborated them about survey in which they took account of water consumption. They had used nearly 100 grade pipes to stop water leakage, they said.Inward and outward water audit was done to know exact amount of water supplied to the homes. Meters were installed to know the exact quantity of water consumption. Water works incharge Sapna Nirajansingh Chauhan said, \"We are working to provide 24 hour water supply in Rajendra Nagar area. We have asked a company to make detailed project report and complete the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ratnagiri/ghaziabad", "code": "13701011", "title": "I have no faith in PM: Anna Hazare", "text": "RATNAGIRI/GHAZIABAD: Anna Hazare , who a couple of days ago described Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as an honest man, today sang a different tune saying he \"does not have faith\" in him and demanded an independent probe into coal bloc allocations made by him as minister in charge of coal.His team also stepped up attack on the Prime Minister alleging that the CBI probe into coal bloc allocations and alleged misuse was meant to give a \"clean chit\" to him.During his visit to Ratnagiri in Maharashtra, Hazare said one has to select persons having good character and send them to Parliament, then only the expected change will take place.\"I had a strong belief in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh but now I do not have faith in him,\" Hazare said.On the Central Vigilance Commission decision to refer alleged irregularities by some private companies with regard to coal bloc allocation to CBI, he said, \"CBI is under government. What will CBI investigate? A third party should investigate.\"His remarks came as his team last week clubbed the Prime Minister with 14 other Union Ministers whom they alleged were corrupt and demanded a probe by a panel of retired judges who are honest.Hazare had earlier sought to distance himself from his team's efforts to target Singh and described him as an honest man. He had said he would like to see documents regarding allegations against him before talking about Singh.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal, meanwhile, alleged that the CBI probe was meant to give a clean chit to the Prime Minister.\"The CBI is under the CBI. Here the Prime Minister is accused. How will the CBI investigate the Prime Minister? It is laughable, it is an eye-wash. We know the outcome of this probe. It will say that the Prime Minister has not done anything wrong. It will give a clean chit to Singh,\" he said.Kejriwal said why is the Prime Minister afraid of a probe if he is sure that he has not done anything wrong. \"We have said that we are ready to be probed. Then why is the Prime Minister afraid. So there is nothing wrong, if people suspect that there was something wrong in this.\"Referring to Law Minister Salman Khurshid ruling out a probe as demanded by Team Anna, he alleged that \"corrupt\" ministers are deciding on whether to investigate corruption charges. \"This is the kind of anti-corruption system that currently exists in our country. This is what we are challenging,\" he said.Alleging that the CBI is a \"complete puppet\" in the hands of the government, Kejriwal said disproportionate asset cases were going on against Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Yadav, Mayawati and many other politicians for several years.\"However no worthwhile investigation has taken place. But Jagan Mohan Reddy, who is a political foe of the ruling UPA has been arrested in a very short period. This shows that CBI rather than acting as anti-corruption body is being used to serve the Centre's political agenda.\"Can such CBI ever do an honest and independent investigation into Coalgate scam in which PM himself is accused? Can such a CBI do an honest investigation against the other 14 ministers?\" he said, adding this is why they were demanding a probe by a Special Investigation Team.He said they would not approach Supreme Court if their demand are not met. \"This is a political issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13695138", "title": "Hazaribag heritage sites to be preserved", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to preserve the heritage buildings and temples of Ramgarh Raj estate and the Padma palace at Hazaribag, a state team of archaeological experts visited the sites and decided to refurbish the historical monuments and turn them into tourist spots.The team included Amitava Kumar, deputy director of archeology in the department of state sports, youth and cultural affairs and S D Singh, state convener of INTACH. The team visited Hazaribag on a petition by Congress MLA Sourav Narayan Singh, to conserve the heritage sites.After inspecting the sites, Kumar said they have selected five sites which deserve to be preserved as heritage sites and can attract large number of tourists. Both sites are very close to the NH-33 Patna-Ranchi main road. The sites selected include the main gate of the Padma Palace, Rani Talao, Hawa Mahal, and the Banshidhar temples of Ichak Block, a part of the then Ramgarh Estate.Talking to newsmen at a press conference, Kumar said all the sites are more than 150 years old and deserves to be preserved. He said that very soon on their return to Ranchi they will submit their report to the government along with a detailed estimate of the renovation cost. He said work is likely to start from September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13693696", "title": "New chief at Southern Naval Command", "text": "KOCHI: Vice admiral Satish Soni assumed office as the Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Southern Naval Command on Thursday amidst grand and colourful traditional ceremonies.He succeeds Vice admiral K N Sushil, who retired after nearly 40 years of service. Satish Soni was commissioned into the Navy in July 1976.A winner of the 'Sword of Honour' and a specialist in navigation and aircraft direction, Soni's important sea commands include commanding stealth frigate INS Talwar, guided missile destroyer INS Delhi, missile corvette INS Kirpan and Eastern Fleet. He was the chief of staff of Eastern Naval Command and Commandant of National Defence Academy at Kahadakwasla, Pune. He was honoured with Ati Vishisht Sena Medal and Nao Sena Medal for his meritorious services.In his farewell address, Vice admiral Sushil urged the navy personnel to uphold the ethos of the armed forces and to never let go off their guard in defending the maritime interests of the country.He then received Soni, after which the flag officer commander-in-chief-designate reviewed the 36 platoon parade. This was followed by a symbolic ceremony, in which Vice admiral Sushil was 'pulled out' in a whaler boat pulled by the senior most officers in the command led by Rear admiral Sudarshan Shrikhande, chief of staff of Southern Naval Command. The final farewell from the Naval Base for the commander in chief was done in a traditional manner by all the senior officers, pulling out the Admiral in a vehicle as personnel lined up on either side and bid adieu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13695305", "title": "Magician to help raise funds for cancer home", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: It all started in 1992 when some members of the New Bombay Bengali Association (NBBA) witnessed the horrific sight of terminally-ill cancer patients undergoing treatment at Tata Memorial Hospital in Parel sleeping on pavements. Moved at their plight, the association set up a home for cancer patients, who have to stay for several weeks in the city along with their relatives for treatment.The Cancer Home in Vashi was started with barely two rooms. Located in Sector 7 in Vashi, the Cancer Home has metamorphosed to a centre with eight rooms that provides not just subsidized lodging and food but also ambulances, in-house doctors, counsellors, etc, NBBA president Sukanta Naag told TOI.The NBBA has won over many patrons with their charitable work, foremost being noted magician P C Sorcar Jr. The association has invited the legend to perform in Chembur (June 1-10) and Vashi (June 12-18) for the second time after a gap of 12 years to help raise funds for the Cancer Home's expansion.\"We focus on patients from the lower income group,\" said NBBA member Ashim Dey. The association plans to utilize funds generated by the PC Sorcar show to build more rooms for patients, start their own ambulance service, transfusion facility, doctor's clinic, recreation facility and offer better facilities at the centre, he added.Sorcar will be accompanied by his wife Joysri and daughter Maneka for the show. Terming nature the biggest creator and cure, Sorcar urged people to give up tobacco addiction, which is a prime cause of Cancer. \"Real magic is when I see a sparkle of hope in the eyes of those who have smelt death. Overcoming fear is the biggest magical trick,\" said Sorcar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13696707", "title": "New York allows headgears for Muslim, Sikh workers", "text": "NEW YORK: Muslim and Sikh employees of New York's transport system can now wear religious headgear freely, without attaching a government agency logo to them, in a major legal victory after uniform curbs were imposed following the 9/11 attacks.The US justice department on Wednesday reached a settlement with the New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA ) eight years after it filed a court complaint charging the agency with a \"pattern of religious discrimination\".Under the agreement, the NYCTA would be required to adopt new uniform headwear policies, allowing employees working in public contact positions to wear their religious headgear - including turbans , kufis, skull caps, hijab and headscarves - without attaching the logo of its parent agency Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA).Sikh employees can wear turbans as long as they match the blue of the MTA uniform.The NYCTA will also pay $184,500 to eight current and former employees, some of them Sikhs and Muslims, who had alleged employment discrimination after they refused to attach logos to their headwear.\"This settlement agreement sends a clear message that the department of justice will not tolerate religious discrimination,\" assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division Thomas Perez said. The MTA had insisted that security concerns were behind its \"brand or segregate\" policy .The Sikh Coalition hailed the judgment saying Sikh and Muslim workers would now be able to wear their religious headdress freely.\"We're glad that this sad chapter in our city's reaction to 9/11 has come to an end,\" said Amardeep Singh of the Sikh Coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13695123", "title": "Two hardcore Maoists arrested in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: District police in a joint raid with 26 battalion CRPF have arrested two hardcore Maoists on Thursday, at a roadside hotel under Nawadih police station in the district.The two Maoists have been identified as Sitaram Manjhi alias Sitaram Soren and Mehboob Ansari alias Karu Ansari, both residents of Nawadih. Manjhi was wanted in 10 cases and Ansari was arrested for collecting levy from coal transporters in Bermo area to fund the outfit, said Bokaro ASP Prashant Karan in a press conference.The security forces on a tip-off raided the hotel and nabbed the duo. They however tried to flee but the policemen gheraoed the area by then. Both of them were in an inebriated state, said Karan.Manjhi used to run Jharkhand Mukti Manch, a frontal organization of CPI(Maoist) in the area, through which he propagated Maoist ideologies among the villagers. He has high contacts with senior leaders of the red outfit. He has been accused of triggering landmine blasts and engaging in gunfight with police, Karan said.Deputy commandant of CRPF, Rajnish Kumar said the arrests are being considered as a big achievement as the nabbed duo can give further clues about the red outfit operating in Upperghat area. The Upperghat area acts as a corridor for the Maoists connecting Parasnath with Jhumra Hills.Ansari has confessed that he used to collect Rs 100 as levy from each truck carrying coal from Khasmahal mines in the area. \"Everyday they used to collect levy from about 10-20 trucks,\" the ASP said, adding that they lured villagers, especially youths, to join the outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695449", "title": "High court to hear on authority of Lokayukta on July 10", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Thursday has posted a petition questioning the authority of UP Lokayukta in continuing in the office on July 10. A division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice Aditya Nath Mittal has also asked the state government to furnish the details before the court in this regard.The petition filed by Mukul Upadhyaya, Member of Legislative Council sought issuance of a writ of quo warranto as to under which authority Justice NK Mehrotra was holding the post, who had approached to the High Court, seeking quo-warranto, directing NK Mehrotra, Lokayukta Uttar Pradesh to show cause as to under which authority of law he is continuing to hold the office and drawing salary and allowances.The petitioner has also challenged the new ordinance number 1 of 2012 whereby Justice Mehrotra's term has been extended. The petitioner contended that the ordinance was issued in contravention of the constitutional provisions and hence Justice Mehrotra should be restrained forthwith from his functioning as Lokayukta.Additional advocate general, CB Yadav assisted by Ramanand Pandey, standing counsel contested the petitioner's plea stating that the petition was not maintainable because the petitioner has bias against Justice Mehrotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13693764", "title": "Muslim folk songs get a new life in US hands", "text": "KOZHIKODE: When languages die, they carry with them the entire culture. M Keely Sutton, a resident of North Carolina, US, and a researcher from University of Texas , Austin, knows it only too well.It is one reason why she has been scurrying the dusty and crowded streets of Malappuram for the last 10 months collecting the surviving scripts of Mappilapattu (Muslim folk songs) mostly written in the near-extinct Arabi-Malayalam language.Bowled over by the songs, she has been busy translating them from the Arabi- Malayalam language, which once served as the vehicle of literary expression of the Muslim community here, to English.What wooed Keely during her postgraduate course in religious studies to the forgotten language was the religious diversity of the state.To know more about the state, she learned Malayalam while in the US. Six years into it, now she can read, write, and speak the language fluently.Her readings in Malayalam range from Ezhuthachan to Vaikom Mohammed Basheer, though she counts poet Kunhunni as her personal favourite.\"People here are stunned when I speak in Malayalam. Whenever I go to bookshops in Thirurangadi for Mappilapattu books, they would say that English versions are not available. When I tell them in Malayalam that I am looking for the original Arabic- Malayalam or Malayalam versions, they are completely stunned,\" she says.Keely also undertook a one-year course in Arabic before coming to Kerala to have a firm grip over the Arabi-Malayalam script.She has so far translated 15 works. Some of them have over 1,000 lines each as part of her PhD dissertation work on 'Mappilapattu- History, devotion and memory in South Indian Muslim Poetry.'\"I would like to relate them back to Malayalam literary history and to the social context. The Mappilapattu songs have not been looked into seriously. Their contribution to the literature of Kerala has not been put to proper academic research,\" says Keely.According to her the Muslim folk songs are so rich that some of them like 'maala' genre have elements of Sufism. \"The one like 'Pakshi paatu' have a remarkable touch of humour.The 'Kathu paatu' is modern and tells a lot about the social context in Malabar following the mass migration to the Gulf,\" she says.Keely along with her husband Todd Wolf would return to the US in August but would come back later to carry forward her love affair with Mappilapattu.\"One would need more than a lifetime to have a fair understanding of Mappilapattu. I would like to look at the musicality of Mappilapattu and also to study more about the works of poet Moyinkutty Vaidyar,\" she says.Keely however admits that the modern Mappilapattu songs have become silly romantic verses that lack any depth.Writer and critic M N Karassery says it is the first time that Arabi- Malayalam language has become a subject of western academic institutions.\"The research is significant as it might contribute to better understanding between East and West and between antiquity and modernity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "varanasi/new delhi", "code": "13695700", "title": "Doon Express derails as Mamata Banerjee jumps the gun, sees sabotage", "text": "VARANASI/NEW DELHI: In the second major train accident within 10 days, at least five passengers were killed and more than 15 injured when five sleeper coaches of 1309 Howrah-Dehradoon ( Doon Express) derailed between Khetasarai and Mehravan stations in Jaunpur district on Thursday.The toll is likely to increase as some bodies are still believed trapped in the mangled coaches. On May 22, Bangalore-bound Hampi Express had barreled into a goods train in Punukonda in Andhra Pradesh killing 25 people. While poor track maintenance was believed to be the reason behind the Jaunpur derailment, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee repeated her oft-heard sabotage theory.\"It was a bandh day. Whether it was an accident or sabotage and how it took place is for the railways to inquire. I have seen the Jnaneswari accident... It's extremely sad,\" said Mamata, almost out of turn, even before her handpicked railway minister Mukul Roy could react. Mamata, who has twice been railway minister, said she had information that the assistant train driver saw something on the track and applied emergency brakes, leading to the accident.\"The driver pulled emergency brakes when he saw some problem on the track,\" said a senior railway official. After Mamata and Mukul Roy floated the sabotage theory, the official, too, said sabotage couldn't be ruled out. However, Varanasi-based divisional railway manager Lalit Kapoor said the exact reason of the accident would be known only after the investigation.Roy, who left for accident spot from Kolkata, announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the next of kin of those killed, Rs 1 lakh for those with grievous injuries and Rs 25,000 for those with simple injuries.The accident, which took place around 1:20 pm, exposed yet again the hazards of travelling on a cash-strapped railways. According to experts, safety is being compromised as the railways' focus is now on adding at least 70 trains every year so that it can increase its revenue. Fatigue was also pointed out as a possible cause of the accident, as was said to be the case in the Hampi express mishap.According to Jaunpur DM Balkar Singh, four bodies were recovered shortly after the accident and one during the rescue operation. \"The injured were admitted to different hospitals,\" he said.Eyewitnesses and villagers, who reached the accident site, said a loud sound was heard after the derailment, suggesting that the train was in high speed when the accident occurred. Of the five sleeper coaches that tilted, two were derailed. While villagers reached the site immediately after the accident to begin rescue operation, the district administration and railways could start the operation only after an hour.Hansraj Yadav, who was travelling in AC-first, said a loud sound was heard as the train came to a standstill. He added he saw at least 10 bodies after the accident.Another passenger, Ghulam Mustafa Rahat of Sitamarhi (Bihar), who boarded the ill-fated S-7 coach of the train, said he fell from his berth and could hear loud sound as the coach hit the track with a bang after the accident. \"Luckily, I sustained minor injury, but could see at least two bodies in the coach,\" he said.As the sleeper coaches had overturned with some of them badly damaged, the rescue and relief measures had yet to gather momentum. Arrangement of gas-cutters and other machines was being made at the site till reports last came.Times ViewWhether this specific accident happened because of the poor condition of the tracks or not is something that investigations will establish, but there is little doubt that such accidents will become frequent if the railways do not urgently address that issue. In recent years, the focus of rail ministers has been largely on earning brownie points with voters by freezing fares and announcing projects in select states. While some of that is inevitable in a democracy, it is dangerous when that becomes the exclusive obsession and the core job of managing the railways is ignored. Investing in modernization and safety is not an option, it is essential, and our ministers must recognize that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mangalore/ udupi", "code": "13694772", "title": "Bandh total and peaceful in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi", "text": "MANGALORE/ UDUPI: The nationwide bandh called by BJP and Left parties against the increase in petrol price was total and peaceful in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts.Majority of the shops and business establishments in the city and temple town of Udupi remained closed. Both KSRTC and private buses did not ply and as a result, commuters, especially those who arrived in trains at Mangalore central and junction railway stations to travel to interior places were put to hardships.However, private vehicles were seen plying. A few autorickshaw drivers provided service at the Mangalore central railway station. However, commuters had to cough up more as the pre-paid counter outside the railway station was not functioning.Shops in major business areas in the city including Bunder, Central Market, City Centre, Bharath Mall and Empire Mall remained closed. Theatres in the city did not screen movies and all bars, restaurants and wine shops too downed their shutters. Banks and government offices functioned with skeletal staff.The protesters forced shops and restaurants in the city to close their doors. However, vehicles of marriage parties, caterers, milk supplies and other essential services were not stopped. Marriage halls recorded less than the expected crowd, said organizers.DC NS Channappa Gowda had declared a holiday for all schools and colleges in the district.Members of the CPM held a rail roko protest at Mangalore central railway station as part of the nationwide protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13701154", "title": "Revanth Reddy unhappy with EC over \"Adhinayakudu\"", "text": "An angry Revanth Reddy, MLA, Telugu Desam Party , says that the State Election Commission has reacted very quickly with regard to a complaint against Balakrishna-starrer \" Adhinayakudu\". However, it is yet to respond to his party's complaint against a TV channel and paper owned by a party chief that allegedly functions like a mouthpiece to the political party.It was widely reported that \"Adhinayakudu\" has scenes targeted at political parties and that Balayya is using the film to kick off his election campaign. The matter ahs been taken up to the Election Commission's notice and they would scrutiny the film today (June 1, 2012) and take a decision. \"If needed we will fight this out legally and also complain to the Central Election Commissioner about the partiality of the State Election Commission,\" says Revanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694749", "title": "Move to shortlist artists for Delhi fair", "text": "PATNA: United Art Fair (UAF), a platform for artists, will hold its first-ever artists' meet in the city on the museum premises on Friday to shortlist them for their participation in the Art Fair-2012, slated to take place from September 27-30 at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi.\"We have taken a pan national approach and we will like to bring in most of the artists from small towns and other cities so that they get a chance to exhibit their works before an international audience, along with other established artists from urban centres,\" says Vikash Kumar, associate director of UAF 2012.The UAF's Patna initiative is supported by the department of culture, government of Bihar. Minister for culture Sukhda Pandey and principal secretary, art and culture, Anjani K Singh are expected to be present at the meet.\"We have invited all the senior and young artists of Bihar and expect that about 60-70 artists will be there. The principal of the College of Arts and Crafts, Atul Aditya Pandey, will also be present,\" said Vikash.As artists could directly rent booths and exhibitions spaces, they could be the real negotiators of their works exhibited at the fair. Artists would be given total freedom to decide their prices, he said.\"Each artist will be given individual treatment in UAF 2012. Our executives will create a conducive atmosphere for the buyers and collectors to meet the artists, discuss their aesthetics and negotiate their prices,\" said another key member of the UAF, Anurag Sharma.\"In order to ensure quality exhibits, we have created experts' panels to select the works sent in by artists. Also, teams of curators will decide the exhibition patterns. In fact, UAF 2012 will be the first curated artists' fair in the world,\" observed Johny M L, project director of UAF 2012.\"We expect about 1.5 lakh footfalls at the Delhi fair. We will make sure that national and international art buyers, collectors and gallery representatives attend the four-day-long art fair with a difference,\" said Gaurav Sharma, head of business operations, UAF 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13696054", "title": "5 nabbed with charas and gutkha", "text": "CALANGUTE: Five persons were arrested by Calangute police on Thursday for possession of drugs and gutkha in two separate cases.Abilio D'Souza, 54, a resident of Calangute was arrested by the Calangute police near the Bandodkar statue in Umtavaddo on Wednesday when he was found in illegal possession of 32 g of charas worth Rs 3,200.Calangute police said that D'Souza was attempting to sell the drugs to tourists on the beach. Police alleged that D'Souza was a well-known drug peddler in the area and he has been apprehended with drugs on earlier occasions. He has been booked under Section 20 (b) (ii) (A) of NDPS Act, 1985, and is in police custody. PSI Harish Gawas is investigating the case.In another case, the Calangute police on Wednesday arrested four persons for illegal possession of gutkha worth Rs 3,434 in Cobravaddo. Their names were given as Ajay Khan, Mustafa Khan, Rafiq Khan and Mohammed Azhar Khan. All four are in their early 30s, and are migrant workers residing in Calangute. Calangute police inspector Nolasco Raposo said the accused have been charged under Section 87 (f) of the Goa Public Health (amendment) Act, 2005, under which they can be sentenced to imprisonment for up to six months. After their arrests, the accused were produced before the judicial magistrate first class, Mapusa, who granted them bail. PSI Melson Colaco is conducting further investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13696402", "title": "NSCN-K blames Khole-Kitovi for Zunheboto firing", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (Khaplang) has blamed its rival faction Khole-Kitovi for the May 29 Zunheboto firing, in which a civilian was killed while two others, including a cadre from the Khole-Kitovi group, were injured.A statement by NSCN (K) stated that the NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) general secretary Kitovi Zhimomi should be held responsible for the death of the civilian as it was through his movements in Zunheboto district with police escorts that arms and ammunitions to crush the NSCN (K) were being transported.The statement alleged that NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres were working hand-in-glove with Assam Rifles, but the NSCN (K) cadres have been asked to lay down arms or face eviction from its regional bases at Pfutsero, Meluri and other regions in Nagaland.The NSCN (K) questioned the actions of the chairman of the Ceasefire Supervisory Board, Major General (retd) N George and union joint secretary (home) Shambu Singh on allowing free movement of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres in populated areas.The statement asked them to apply the same yardstick as far as implementation of ceasefire ground rules are concerned and warned that the situation might go out of control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695822", "title": "Red-corner notice issued against Fasih", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Interpol on Thursday issued a red-corner notice against Fasih Mehmood, who is wanted for his alleged involvement in blasts in Karnataka and Delhi.The Interpol headquarters issued a red-corner notice - an international arrest warrant - against the 28-year-old engineer from Bihar. Mehmood is wanted for his alleged role in the Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts and the explosion outside Jamia Masjid here in 2010. CBI had approached the Interpol at the request of Delhi and Karnataka police to track down Mehmood.According to the Interpol website, the notice has been issued for offences of terrorism and crimes involving the use of weapons and explosives. Meanwhile, home minister P Chidambaram denied reports that Mehmood had been detained by Indian intelligence agencies and said such media reports were \"completely wrong.\"\"This person is in Saudi Arabia to the best of my knowledge and the police forces which are looking for him - Delhi and Karnataka - have approached CBI to put out a notice through the Interpol. He is not in the custody of any security force in India and I am afraid that speculative reports which continue to say so are wrong and unfortunate,\" Chidambaram said.Mehmood is likely to be deported from Saudi Arabia soon, sources said.A source also said that the MHA through the MEA has requested Saudi Arabia to provide a status report on Fasih Mehmood's whereabouts. The MEA has contacted their counterpart in Saudia Arabia to find out whether Mehmood was still being held for questioning in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13695152", "title": "Governor wants action against 2 top VBU officials", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The principal secretary to governor, A K Pandey, has written to the vice-chancellor of Vinoba Bhave University to take immediate action against deputy registrar Vijay Kumar Singh and assistant registrar Vijay Kumar Sinha for grave irregularities detected in their appointments by the principal accountant general (audit) .The report said the normal and approved course of action for appointments is that the university sends requisitions in the prescribed format of the JPSC for posts already sanctioned by the government and lying vacant.In this case, the report said these procedures were not followed and it is a matter to be investigated at the government level as to how HRD of its own requested JPSC for processing appointment of the two officials in VBU in a very hurried manner just a day after JPSC advertised for the posts.Due to adoption of a very peculiar procedure by the HRD/JPSC against the spirit of transparency, many genuine candidates of VBU could not apply for the posts, it said. As the matter is pending in the high court, VBU is not in a position to take any action against the two persons.Another grave irregularity detected was that the last date for submission of applications in JPSC was November 24, 2004, up to 5 pm. However, the applications of Vijay Kumar Singh was forwarded by the SKMU, Dumka, registrar to JPSC on November 27, 2004. Hence the application for Singh was liable for rejection in terms of clause 8 of the advertisement dated November 3, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13696033", "title": "Pimp held, girl rescued at Seraulim", "text": "MARGAO: Colva police on Thursday arrested an alleged pimp, Sucheta Gurav, 39, of Housing Board in Gogol and rescued a 19-year-old girl who was forced into prostitution.Police sources said that the victim was a resident of Panvel, Mumbai, and was staying with the accused over the last 10 days. The victim was being supplied to customers by the accused. On getting the information, Colva police swung into action. A decoy customer was used to make the accused walk into the police dragnet.The accused and the victim came to Seraulim on a two-wheeler and began negotiating the rate with the customer. Police, lying in wait, nabbed the accused while striking the deal. While the victim was sent to Apna Ghar, Merces, the pimp is cooling her heels in the police lock-up. Colva PI Nilesh Rane in investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13697066", "title": "Times Job Fair starts at Pragati Maidan", "text": "NEW DELHI: From June 1-3 at Pragati Maidan, India's biggest job fair - The TimesJobs.com Jumbo Job and Career Fair 2012 - will see over 1500 companies from across the countries recruit employees at all levels and functions.At the job fair, which will take place at Hall number 7 from 11am to 5pm at Pragati Maidan, prospective employees can directly interact with fast growing local businesses as well as Fortune 500 companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13694992", "title": "June to bring waterless afternoons for residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If erratic water supply has been troubling you, then here's worse news. The municipal corporation (MC) has decided to stop afternoon water supply for a month from June 1.Besides, the daily morning supply has been advanced -- now water will be supplied from 2am, instead of 3am, till 9am. The evening supply will remain the same -- from 5pm to 9pm. The step has been taken in the wake of rising demand. The city requires 116 MGD of water, but the availability is of 87 MGD.The quotidian water woes have left residents hot and bothered. A resident of Sector 35, Suman Sharma, said, 'Now, I will have to get up early to store water. It has become a daily affair... at times the pressure is so low that it takes hours to store water for the day.\" Veena Malhotra of Sector 44 said, \"We stay on the ground floor, but low water pressure troubles us too. Now, with afternoon supply being hit, I will have to store more water daily.\"Getting ready for the parched days, Ajay Garg of Sector 38 has bought a big bucket. Superintending engineer of public health department R C Diwan said, \"Afternoon supply will remain suspended for one month. And now onwards, water will be released from 2am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13696596", "title": "Maharashtra mulling dry land mission scheme: Chief minister", "text": "AKOLA: For the benefit of the farmers the state will soon will launch dry land mission scheme. Addressing a meeting of joint agriculture research and development committee here today afternoon, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan said, \"As many as 83% agricultural land is dry land in the state. Irrigation facilities are available for only 9% agriculture patch. So to irrigate these land a comprehensive irrigation scheme titled dry land mission will be brought into effect.\"The CM said that a new textile policy is being drafted in which processing of cotton would be done only in cotton growing districts of Vidarbha. \"Our agriculture department is engaged in carving out solutions for various problems faced by the farmers,\" he said.The CM said that in near future meteorology centres would be set up at every district so that its benefit is reaped by the farmers and common people.About the unabated farmers suicide, Chavan said, \"It's rather unfortunate. Farmers are being given loan at zero per cent interest and the government is doing a lot for them, the still the continuing suicides in Vidarbha region is unfortunate.\"State agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil, vice-chancellor PDKV Dr VM Mayande and vice-president of MAERC Vijayrao Kolte were also present in the meeting, which was jointly organized by Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and Maharashtra Agriculture Education and Research Council, Pune.Earlier the activists of Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena showed black flags to the CM on national highway No. 6 on his arrival at Shivani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new kartar nagar", "code": "13695142", "title": "She has seen both sides of success", "text": "NEW KARTAR NAGAR: Ask Apinder Kaur, 46, what success is and she will instantly flash a smile because she has seen it up and close from both sides of the fence. Owner of Saini Auto Impex, which manufactures an automobile part, Apinder has gone from heading a unit that incurred losses to one that has an annual turnover of over Rs 3 crore and all without any fancy MBA degree to bank on.Now, a regular day for Apinder, a resident of New Kartar Nagar on Dugri Road, involves managing 25 factory workers, interacting with clients abroad and within the country, making sure orders are ready and dispatched on time, while keeping an eye on home and kids too.With only a Class XII certificate to boast of as far as education goes, Apinder said there were many things going against her to begin with but she was willing to take a risk despite all.''I started with an investment of only Rs 30,000. In the mid 80s, before we got married, my husband Kulwinder Saini and I worked in the same automobile company. In 1988, we got married and about eight years later I had the idea of starting my own company. I shared the idea with him. Encouraging me to follow my desire, my husband gave me Rs 30,000 to start business in 1996,'' said Apinder, adding that Kulwinder has been the strongest pillar all through the years of ups and downs.Apinder said she started business from her home. ''We had a two-room accommodation of which one room was our living room and the other was turned into a small manufacturing unit but we made no profit till 2000 and there were times I had to pay my employees from my husband's salary,'' she said.However, her fortune turned around in 2000 and orders began to pour in from across the country. Since then success has become a dear friend.She did not graduate from a top B-school and neither did she have a family business to learn from. Apinder Kaur, the owner of Saini Auto Impex, worked her way up as a successful entrepreneur with the support of her husband.Apinder now has a two-storey factory in Industrial Area-A and has links with exporters in Delhi, Noida and Mumbai, who export her products to other countries. Recently she also brought in more sophisticated machinery to diversify business.Kulwinder, who works at PAU, has vivid memories of their years of struggle. ''We started as a lower-middle class family. When we were working together, we earned about Rs 650 each. But, today our lives are very different and the credit is entirely Apinder's. She is a perfect manager who knows how to handle factory workers, home and children well. There was once a time when we could not buy beds or bicycle or even pay our kids' school fees but we did not lose heart and that is paying off now,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695241", "title": "House-hunters beat bandh for Mhada lottery", "text": "MUMBAI: For Vinayak Pagare, a 40-something businessman owning a travel agency, early afternoon is normally the time he meets prospective clients in his Thane office. But, this Thursday was different for Pagare. Notwithstanding the bandh call to oppose petrol price hike, Pagare and his wife were at Rang Sharada auditorium at 11 am where the lottery to sell 2,593 Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) flats was being conducted. \"I know winning a lottery is pure luck, but being present at the venue and hoping against hope to win a home were more pressing concerns than that of the bandh,'' said Pagare, after spending a disappointing one-hour watching the giant screen roll out names of successful winners of Mhada lottery. This is the third time Pagare didn't win a flat in the lottery. Pagare was not the only one. A large number of Mumbaikars-though not in lakhs as in earlier lotteries-had beaten bandh concerns to turn up at the venue. \"I wanted to see how the lottery was conducted and was hoping my family wins a flat,'' said Maya Korde, a 30-something film artiste from Goregaon. She, along with her kin, had applied in 10 projects. S B Ballal, a retired professional and his wife, had come all the way from Pune to reach the venue at 11am. The bandh apart, Mhada's decision to reject 11,179 applications over discrepancies in details provided saw angry protests by applicants. According to an aggrieved applicant, Dr Ashok Sabale, \"Either Mhada is confused about its own rules or the software is faulty. How can applications of a couple be rejected merely for bearing the same bank account number? Is it not obvious that a working couple like us could hold a joint bank account but have separate PANs?'' Mhada had rejected all six applications made separately by Sabale and his wife. Satish Gavai, Mhada's chief executive officer dismissed the protests as stray incidents. \"We were very clear that no concessions would be given this year and that every applicant should hold a unique bank account and a PAN card. We did this as only agents have the financial capacity to apply in multiple projects,'' said Gavai. Prabhu Khot, an accountant who volunteered to work as an observer in the lottery, won an LIG flat in Malwani. Khot won the lottery after applying three times. Similar was the case with Renuka Bhopale, a Mhada employee, who won an MIG flat in Malwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696847", "title": "New Chennai airport terminal ready, but no sign of stalls and restaurants", "text": "CHENNAI: The new steel and glass domestic terminal of the Chennai airport is ready. But it may not have stalls, restaurants and other commercial establishments when it is opened in about two months.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) is racing against time to get the terminal opened in July but is yet to float tenders to set up food and beverages stalls, restaurants, lounges, book shops and other commercial establishments. A bid to provide mobile coverage is also delayed. Even if tenders are awarded now, contractors will need at least six months to set up shops.\"Most of the equipment used for food and beverages stalls are made-to-order and imported. The stalls will have to be made from scratch based on the floor plan of the terminal. This will take more than five months,\" said an official. Tenders should have been floated in December last year, sources said. If tenders are hurried, the AAI won't be able to get the best brands, it is felt.Airlines are worried. \"The airport handles more than 3,000 passengers a day. People arriving more than two hours before departure cannot go hunting for food and refreshments. We are not sure whether we will be able to provide lounges for business class passengers if the terminal is opened in a month or two,\" said an airline official.AAI officials are, however, optimistic that some facilities will be ready by the time the terminal is opened. \"We want to throw it open with some basic facilities and then add the rest later,\" said an AAI official.An airline official said: \"We don't know what will happen if a passenger has a medical emergency. They may try to install temporary facilities till contracts are awarded. But, it will not go well with the modern design of the terminal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13695102", "title": "Vikas to lift Ludhiana\u2019s pride at Commonwealth meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: Weightlifter Vikas Thakur from the city has ensured a berth in the eight-member national squad that would participate in the Commonwealth Weightlifting Championship to be held in Apia, Samoa , from June 4. He is attending the Indian camp for this tournament in Bangalore at present.A resident of Railway Colony, Vikas is excited to participate in the tournament, which would provide him the much-needed exposure of competing with international weightlifters from Commonwealth countries.The 18-year-old weightlifter will compete in 77kg (junior) category and is hopeful of getting a medal for the country at this outing. ''My father Brij Lal motivated me to take weightlifting seriously and I had started training at District Weightlifting Club in Rakh Bagh under coaches Pravesh Sharma and Rashpal Singh when I was 13,'' he says.Vikas has earlier won silver medals for the country in junior Asian Weightlifting Championship held at Pattaya, Thailand in 2011 and in Commonwealth Weightlifting Championship held at Cape Town, South Africa.He also holds the inter-university record of lifting a total 292kg (snatch and clean jerk) in 70kg category at the all-India inter-university weightlifting competition held in Amritsar.In 2011, Vikas had clinched three silver medals in junior national weightlifting championship held at Itanagar. ''Ludhiana is a treasure cove of talented weightlifters and I would keep the reputation of the city intact with my performance,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696292", "title": "Bangalore bandh: Govt hospital doctors have a relaxed day", "text": "BANGALORE: On a normal day, the government hospital is a strict-no-no, but on Thursday, it was different. When Preethi M,10, developed high fever and nausea, her grandmother Selviamma rushed her to a private clinic on Tannery Road. With skeletal staff on duty, the clinic told her that test reports would be out only on Friday.Selviamma then rushed her to Bowring Hospital where she was treated, though reaching the hospital was not easy. Thankfully, a neighbourhood auto rickshaw driver helped them reach the government hospital, where the outpatient department bore a deserted look, with only about 30% of patients turning up. \"On a normal day, there are over 1,000 patients in the OPD. Today, there are only about 300 patients. No buses, no patients,\" said a duty doctor at Bowring Hospital.MALLRATS STAY AWAYMalls were closed till 6pm, and though a few shops inside were open, the crowd was missing as people preferred to stay home. Some multiplexes also cancelled the afternoon show. \"We were to catch a 4.15pm show, but it was cancelled and the next show is only at 9.30. Despite advertising timings in the media, the film is not being screened,\" said Marisha Prabhu, a banker who visited Sigma Mall on Cunningham Road.Fearing violence, some malls decided to keep only side entrances open. At Bangalore Central, the main entrance was closed, though people were allowed to enter from the basement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695039", "title": "No minority sub-quota in IITs for now", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting the 4.5% minority sub-quota on hold till legal challenges are resolved, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) on Thursday sought to allay students' apprehensions and advised them to expand their choice of courses.The statement came on the back of the Andhra Pradesh High Court judgment scrapping the sub-quota, putting in quandary the over 300 IIT aspirants who had been shortlisted under the provision. The urgency in the case is because counseling for students is already underway.IIT-JEE organizing chairman Prof G B Reddy said, \"The students should expand their choices to take care of both eventualities (if the HC decision is upheld or stayed by the Supreme Court).''While law minister Salman Khurshid has categorically said that the government would approach the SC to challenge the HC order, it remains to be seen whether it will be able to get a stay.In the wake of the court order, IITs have decided to abide by the ruling, \"ignoring\" the quota provision till further legal developments. The statement said \"the judgment of the Andhra Pradesh High Court will be implemented by ignoring the provision for reservation of 4.5% seats and by converting seats meant for OBC (non-creamy layer)-minority community to OBC (non-creamy layer) category\".With this, about 325 candidates who had been shortlisted under the sub-quota for counseling may have to compete with the 27% OBC non-creamy layer quota. This means that aspirants who were assured of the course of their choice will now have to keep their options open.The statement also said that \"all the shortlisted candidates are advised to note that availability of 4.5% reservation for OBC (non creamy layer-minority) shall depend on the legal developments till June 13 and hence they may register the choice of courses accordingly.\"IITCounselling for admission to 15 IITs and IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad is currently underway and the process will go on till June 10. The web release of the first seat allotment will be made on June 14. The IITs are the first to implement the government's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "13694284", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's son takes up TMC challenge", "text": "SURI: The municipality of Nalhati is hardly 10 years old, but its election this year has found immense significance as it has turned into a litmus test for Abhijit Mukherjee, the son of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . Incidentally, Abhijit had won the last year's assembly election with a Congress ticket from Nalhati, but Trinamool Congress now claims he rode on the latter's popularity and went on to become an MLA.Not only that, of late Trinamool leaders have attacked Abhijit in no uncertain terms and one of them went on to say, \"Who is Abhijit Mukherjee?\" Though Congress and Trinamool are allies at the Centre as well as the state, Trinamool Congress district top brass is in no mood of a tie-up for the civic polls. In fact, Trinamool district president Anubrata Mondal ruled out any possibility of alliance, saying, \"'With whom shall we discuss? Congress should have come to us.\"Abhijit, meanwhile, has taken up the challenge to go alone in the civic polls. \"What they are saying indicate their taste and culture. People are watching all these,\" he retorted. Congress has fielded candidates for all 15 seats after Trinamool declared their candidates without discussing with the former.But political experts believe it will be a tough fight ahead for Abhijit. He had won the assembly election contesting only the CPM candidate. But this time, Trinamool fielding its own candidate has made the job increasingly difficult for him.In the last civic body polls, Congress won with a majority under the leadership of Biplab Ojha, who went on to become the chairman of the civic body. But after last year's assembly election, Ojha and a host of other Congress leaders changed allegiance and joined Trinamool. The voters are now left with very tough choices, particularly because as an MLA, Abhijit worked hard for his constituency over the last one year and has developed a strong connect with his voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694596", "title": "CBI opposes Jagan Mohan Reddy\u2019s bail tooth and nail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hearing into Jaganmohan Reddy's interim bail plea in the high court and trial court remained inconclusive on Thursday with additional solicitor general Ashok Bhan arguing that those facing charges of white collar crimes cannot invoke personal liberty clauses.The high court posted the case for a hearing on Friday.Jagan pleaded with the court that he be allowed to campaign, at least till June 10, for his YSR Congress candidates in his capacity as the party's president.Bhan said Jagan should not be granted bail as he may tamper with evidence in the disproportionate assets case.\"Those who have plundered public assets which could otherwise have contributed to the livelihoods of the poor cannot be given bail,\" he argued.Bhan said that even the Prime Minister found himself in the dock following charges of corruption against him.There are 142 MPs in Parliament with criminal cases against them, Bhan pointed out and added that the Kadapa MP was one among them.Arguing on behalf of Jagan, senior counsel Ranjit Kumar took potshots at Bhan, advising him against making political speeches in court.\"Why did CBI choose not to arrest the PM who is also facing corruption charges? Go and arrest each such MP who has been charged in a criminal case,\" Ranjit said.He said it was not correct to say that Jagan should not be granted bail as he could hamper the investigation.\"He will continue to be an MP till 2014 and may be even after that. Does it mean that he should remain in jail till he ceases to be an MP?\" Ranjit countered.He said that once the chargesheet is filed, the question of tampering with evidence does not arise.Earlier on Thursday, the CBI court reserved its orders on Jagan's interim bail plea to Friday after hearing some intense arguments put forward by both parties.Jagan said he would personally come and depose before the court on June 11 after campaigning till June 10. The CBI court posted to June 4 the hearing in former minister Mopidevi Venktataramana's bail plea.Meanwhile, raising hopes in the Jagan camp, the high court granted interim bail to preacher KA Paul till June 10 and asked him to surrender on June 11.Paul, who was sent to jail in connection with his brother's murder, pleaded that he be granted interim bail for campaigning in the bypolls on behalf of his recently-launched Prajashanti Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696021", "title": "Shiv Raj still in jail, fails to surrender passport in court", "text": "GURGAON: Shiv Raj Puri, the prime accused in the multi-crore Citibank fraud, who was granted bail by Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday along with his father and co-accused Raghu Raj Puri, will have to spend some more time in Bhondsi jail due to pending formalities. Raghu Raj Puri was released on Wednesday from the Bhondsi jail after he submitted a bail bond of Rs 5 lakh and surrendered his passport at a trial court.On Thursday, Shiv Raj's counsel submitted the bail amount in the court but could not surrender his passport, which would have facilitated his release, saying it was lying with Puri's estranged wife, Nisha Uppal Puri. Shiv Raj's family told the court that despite several attempts, they could not contact Nidhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695217", "title": "India looks to partner Bill Gates's foundation in Africa", "text": "NEW DELHI: As it tries to catch up with China in economic diplomacy in Africa, India has found an able partner in the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . Foreign minister S M Krishna, who had a meeting with Gates on Thursday, said India was exploring the possibility of working with the foundation in Africa.Krishna, who has known Gates since his days as chief minister of Karnataka, lauded the \"exemplary service\" by the foundation in fighting diseases and poverty alleviation. He also appreciated its role in attempts to eradicate polio from the continent.\"We explored the possibility of associating ourselves with the Bill Gates Foundation ... whatever work they have been doing in Africa, perhaps the government of India also could be associated,\" Krishna told reporters after meeting Gates here.He said he and Gates discussed efforts India was making in Africa and recalled the meeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had with heads of governments in Ethiopia where India pledged $5 million in aid to African countries.Krishna said he was going to the US in June for the strategic dialogue between the two countries where he would \"take this idea forward\" when he interacted with the US secretary of health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13694801", "title": "Microfinance project wins green award", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka-based microfinance provider Shri Kshethra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project (SKDRDP) has been adjudged as the overall gold award winner by Ashden, which promotes universal access to sustainable energy. The award was given in recognition of SKDRDP's role in demonstrating how microfinance organizations can play a key role in meeting energy needs of the poor.The award, a world's leading green energy prize, was presented to Dharmasthala Dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade, promoter of SKDRDP, by Prince Charles in London on Wednesday. Of the five international winners, SKDRDP was the overall gold prize winner.The Ashden judges said, \"SKDRDP is fantastic example of how ethically-managed microfinance can deliver sustainable energy to the poor. It has demonstrated that providing consumer loans for energy makes social, environmental and economic sense. SKDRDP has huge potential to expand its work even further, and to inspire many others to follow its lead.''The five winners have been awarded a total of \u00a3120,000 to help them scale up their work. Other winners of the award are: IBEKA, a community-owned micro-hydro programme in Indonesia; GIZ/ Integration, a micro-hydro programme in remote Afghanistan, iDE/Hydrologic, an energy-saving water filter in Cambodia and Barefoot Power, an affordable solar power provider that's lighting up lives in East Africa.Kandeh Yumkella, director general of UNIDO (United Nations Industrial Development Organization) in his keynote speech at the ceremony urged governments around the world to increase their support for clean energy pioneers: \"The Ashden 2012 winners are exposing the myth that poor countries cannot stimulate growth without degrading the environment. They are demonstrating that sustainable energy stimulates green growth and new jobs, lifts people out of poverty, improves health and opens up new educational opportunities.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702963", "title": "Shruti Hassan enjoys Gabbar Singh effect", "text": "After the success of the super hit Telugu flick \"Gabbar Singh\", actress Shruti Hasaan seems to be on a high. And not surprisingly, her fan following has increased as well. We witnessed this at a mobile phone launch in Hyderabad recently where she was the star guest. The crowds went crazy just to get a glimpse of this Southern beauty.When asked about her sudden surge in popularity and Shruti said, \"I'm definitely happy about it and it feels great that people have accepted me and liked me always. Also I have a special connect with Hyderabad so it means a lot when I see so many fans out here, going crazy for me.\" So, is it the \"Gabbar Singh\" effect? \"Well, definitely Gabbar Singh has taken my career to next level\", she revealed. So, what's next? \"Well, nothing to reveal right now but yes , looking forward to doing more Telugu films.\"There were reports of the actress being written off as 'unlucky'. But after \"Gabbar Singh\" became a hit, things changed for her and now she is even being called the 'Golden Girl' by director Harish Shankar. \"I have always been lucky to be born as an artist. And while the fate of the film is not in my hands, my performance is in my control and I have been doing that well. And now I'm being appreciated for that,\" says Shruti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695885", "title": "Derailment, bandh hit train services", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the BJP's bandh was not enough, the derailment of 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express between Mihrawan-Khetasarai stations of Lucknow division in northern railway led several trains to be either cancelled or diverted or arrive late at their destinations in the capital.While the twin attempts to block Holambi Kalan and Mundka failed, there were at least six other attempts in Delhi and NCR to block trains. While the Rohtak Passenger was stopped near Nangloi for 1.36hr, Gorakdham Express too was held up for over 1.28hr. The Bhiwani-Delhi Passenger was stopped near Bahadurgarh for 1.14hr, Sirsa Express stopped at Sampla, Jhakal Express near Kharawar and the Delhi-Firozpur Cant Express at Nangloi for 1.16hr. At least four trains - mostly passenger ones - were held up at Delhi Shahdara station. Some major trains - including Jheelum Express and Pune Duranto Express - were held for over 30 minutes at the Tughlakabad station.Among the trains to be cancelled for the day were 14213 Varansi-Gonda Intercity Express leaving Varansi at 2:15pm. It has been cancelled between Varanas-Gonda. The 54109 Mughal Sarai-Faizabad passenger train was cancelled on May 31 between Mughalsarai-Faizabad. Consequently, 54110 will remain cancelled on June 1 between Faizabad-Mughalsarai.The 13010 Dehradun-Howrah Doon Express passing through Lucknow on May 31 will be diverted to run via Shahganj-Mau-Varanasi-Mughalsarai. The 13308 Ferozepur-Dhanbad Ganga Sutlaj Express passing Lucknow on May 31 will be diverted to run via Sultanpur-Zafrabad-Varanasi. The 13152 Jammu Tawi-Kolkatta Sealdah Express passing Lucknow on May 31 will be diverted to run via Sultanpur-Zafrabad-Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13694675", "title": "No-tobacco Day catches Panchkula cops napping", "text": "PANCHKULA: It seems the World No-tobacco Day, which was on Thursday, had no effect on the Panchkula police. Despite the fact that challans for smoking in the public places were issued by Chandigarh Police, Panchkula cops remained ignorant of the day and not even a single challan was issued.As many as 25 challans were issued in Chandigarh, to persons who were found smoking in public places.\"A man in his late 40s was smoking near a vendor's shop outside my house. Surprisingly, the cops crossed him but did not issue a challan,\" said Aashna Chabbra, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula. She added, \"Rather, the cop took a bidi from the vendor and started smoking.\"\"Panchkula cops are not even aware that today is No-tobacco Day. It seems even the high ups are not aware of the day,\" said Rajbir Chaudhary, of Sector 11, Panchkula. \"Rather than planning a special drive or an awareness camp for residents on No-tobacco Day, they completely forgot about it. If this is the condition of an educated city like ours, then it's a shame,\" said Daman, a resident of Sector 21.Talking to Panchkula Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP), Dheeraj Setia, about the lack of awareness and the fact that not even a single challan was issued by Panchkula police on this day, he said, \"I am not aware of this fact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13695161", "title": "Students honour seniors for good show in board exams", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Spring Dale Senior Secondary School celebrated their success in board exam results on Thursday.The present batch of Class XII students organized a party in the school for the batch that passed out recently.School toppers Sachin Aggarwal, Vipin Kumar and Mandeep Singh cut a cake. Sachin and Vipin have bagged second and seventh positions respectively in the district.The present batch congratulated the seniors for their achievements and drew inspiration from them to put up a better performance in their board exams.Managing director of the school Avinash Kaur Walia praised the efforts put in by the students and motivated them to keep up the hard work.Kawalpreet Kaur of the present batch said their seniors' success is a reason of joy for them too. ''Our seniors have raised our morale with their performance and we are confident to raise the bar next year,'' she added.Gaurav Kumar from the present batch of Class XII students said he had an enjoyable time with his seniors throughout last year as they were very co-operative. ''We wanted to honour the seniors with this party,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695491", "title": "After eight tiger deaths in Maharashtra, no action taken to prevent poaching", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite eight tigers having been killed in the last six months in the Tadoba tiger reserve and elsewhere in the state, it has been found that the state government has not initiated stringent measures to halt poaching.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam visited the Tadoba Andhari reserve in Chandrapur district on Wednesday.\"There were specific reports from %wildlife activists, saying poachers from Madhya Pradesh would enter the state as they had taken supari for killing tigers. However, no steps were taken to halt the poaching,\" said a senior Indian Forest Service official.He said that in view of the stepped up poaching activities, the state forest department, in collaboration with the state police, should have set up special squads to curb poaching. However, the cabinet member woke up only after the Centre sought details from the state on increased poaching in Maharashtra, he added.Slamming the Centre for not amending the more than century-old Indian Forest Act, the official said that under section 66 of the Act, a forest or police officer has powers to prevent commission of an offence. \"The Act is very weak, no forest officer can take direct action against the poachers. If the government is serious about curbing poaching activities, besides amending the Indian Forest Act, 1927, it should set up special forest police stations and grant powers under the Indian Penal Code and Criminal Procedure Code to the forest officials. In that event, forest officers will be able to arrest the poachers,\" he said.It also appears that the state government has completely ignored the concept of protection of wildlife and stringent implementation of the wildlife protection act. Nearly 50 officials, specially-trained in wildlife, have been given insignificant assignments. Either they have been deployed in social forestry or planning section. \"The government has been told on several occasions about the need to set up a secret service fund and intelligence unit to gather information on illegal activities,\" he said.After the tiger killings, the state forest department had deployed 90 armed forest guards in and around the Tadoba tiger reserve, said another IFS officer.He added that besides taking corrective measures to halt poaching, Kadam should order a high-level probe into the killings. \"Kadam must fix the responsibility and take action against erring forest officials,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13695903", "title": "As campaign ends, nobody has a clear edge in Neyyattinkara", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The campaign for the June 2 Neyyattinkara bypoll officially ended on Thursday evening but, unlike in similar instances in the past, no clear picture has emerged. The UDF and LDF seemed evenly poised and the BJP is clearly revelling in the spoiler's role, with some optimists even wagering that the saffron party could spring a surprise win.What makes the situation unpredictable is the caste factor in the constituency. This time too Nadar and Nair votes will determine the winner, but as of now both communities have kept their cards close to their chest despite all three candidates bending over backwards to woo them. The bypoll result, to be announced on June 15, could be decisive for both Oommen Chandy and VS Achuthanandan. For Achuthanandan, an LDF win would strengthen the hands of those baying for his blood within the CPM, and speed up disciplinary action against him. An LDF defeat would predictably help him give a fillip to growing dissidence within the party.For Chandy, who went public that the poll result would reflect the performance of his government, a defeat would lead to internal bickering that could eventually lead to a campaign for a leadership change in the government.The LDF's campaign was centred on painting R Selvaraj, who left the CPM, as a traitor to not just that party but also to the people of Neyyattinkara. They conspicuously avoided the raging controversy related to the TP Chandrasekharan murder, with even Achuthanandan, pressed late into service, refraining from any mention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13695106", "title": "JAC intermediate results declared", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Academic Council plus-II results were declared on Friday at 11:30 am. Students can check their results by entering their Roll Code and Roll number on its official website http://jharresults.nic.in/.The students can also get their result on phone by typing RESULT JAC12 ROLL CODE + ROLL NUMBER and sending it to 56263.JAC intermediate results had not been very satisfactory last year. To prevent students from taking fatal steps owing to poor performance, psychiatrists suggest that parents should support them emotionally. Psychiatrist Usha Narsaria said, \"The parents should prepare their children to face the results. Scolding a child for poor results is of no use as it will not change the marks. Instead they should take it as a lesson of life and plan future.\" If a child fails in the examination it is not the end of life, it can mark a new beginning says Narsaria.The parents also seem to understand the necessity of morally supporting their children, these days. Rajiv Toppo, whose son has appeared for plus-II exams, this year, said, \"The day the examination got over, my son told me that his papers did not go well. Instead of shouting at him I told him that in case he fails this year he can try again next year, there is nothing to worry about it.\"The children also say that they would not take any step that would hurt their parents. Sunny Sharad, who appeared for his plus-II examination, this year said, \"I hope to get good marks but even if I fail to do so, I would not do anything to hurt my parents. I would rather try to score better marks next time.\"JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said that the results this year will be better and children need not be worried. \"In case a child fails in the examination, he should not give up hope but try scoring better in the next attempt\", said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13695013", "title": "Madurai looks to shed some flab", "text": "MADURAI: Fitness centres - a novelty to Madurai and only sought after by the elite - have become a rave now, with centres mushrooming across almost all residential places in the city and women also vying to get into them.Twenty years ago, people living in the northern part of Madurai had only the K K Nagar Walkers Park to exercise. The establishment of the Eco Park came as a boon to walkers, who go to the lush green park for walking. The southern part had none. Fitness studios were, otherwise, restricted to men who wanted to flaunt their muscles in contests. But now, even small spaces are being converted into health centres in the city.Y Prasanna Babu of Wise Fitness Studio in K K Nagar said there was a definite rise in the number of people coming to such studios. His annual plan is priced at Rs 5,000 for a complete fitness programme.Five years ago, only women from elite sections of the city's population went for doing their exercises at a few-odd corporate gyms in posh areas or five star hotels. Earlier, women did not want to reveal that visits to the gym were the secret to their health, but now, they take pride in saying they are fitness-conscious.One thing that is making smaller fitness centres more lucrative is that homemakers have started frequenting them. The trend is something that was unheard of, a few years ago. \"We had to ask women to come in churidar pants, if not tracks, when they used to come for workouts. There were clients who came dressed in saris and changed in the studio, because wearing pants was taboo for them after marriage,\" said Prakash, a trainer in a gym on Bypass Road. But now, he adds, ladies walk, dressed in trendy leotards without much fuss. \"Times have definitely changed,\" he said.Most gyms in residential areas such as New Pearls Gym in Athikulam do not have air-conditioning, but the customers are not complaining. Here, men get a monthly package for about Rs 300 and women Rs 400. This they say is quite reasonable.Body Focus in Gomathypuram is now a topic of discussion. \"I was worried because I had to go by an auto rickshaw or car to other gyms which are situated about four or five km away, but now walking to this one gives me double advantage of more fitness and less money,\" said a lady who plans to enrol after school starts.Olympia in Sellur, a low-income area, has been in existence for nine years and demands a monthly fee of Rs 250 for men and Rs 500 for ladies with aerobics.Women such as Aarthy and Kalaiselvi who frequent the gym in Reserve Line say they see it as a solution to their weight problem. Aarthy said she had put on weight after her delivery. People like her cannot afford to go on long walks leaving the baby behind, but an hour at the gym helps. Rajaselvam, a teacher, said a gym was better than walking because paying for a fitness centre ensures regular attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13701218", "title": "Australia to offer additional work options for Indian students", "text": "CHENNAI: Australia has decided to offer additional work options for Indian students to help them tide over impact of depreciation of rupee against dollar.As value of rupee has fallen to a record low against dollar, Indian students are forced to shell out more money to meet living cost abroad.A number of Indian students have enrolled in postgraduate and doctoral research programmes at Australian universities. These students will now be able to work as faculty, assist research programmes, work in the libraries, laboratories and other avenues in the universities itself. Graduate students will also be permitted to work more hours so that they can earn money to support their living expenses.\"We are going to provide flexible work options for postgraduate and research students. They will be able to work for an unlimited number of hours per week during their studies,\" David Holly, consul general for South India, Australian Consulate in Chennai told reporters.Earlier students could work only limited number of hours because the accepted policy was to allow them to focus more on studies.According to visa statistics, depreciation of rupee against dollar has not impacted the flow of students to Australia. There are 70,000 Indian students in Australia. There is a 10 per cent increase in the number of Indian students who have enrolled in universities in Victoria where nine top universities of Australia is located.More that 46 per cent of total Indian students who are studying in Australia are in Victoria, said Geoffery Conaghan, commissioner to India and Sri Lanka, Victorian Government of Australia.On Friday, Conaghan launched 10 new scholarships for India's top PhD candidates. There are 33,000 Indian students Victoria against 30,000 in 2011. Of this around 120 to 200 students will be pursuing doctoral research. \"A large number of students are coming back because the vocational courses are getting over. We have decided to focus vocational programmes in India,\" said David Holly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13695981", "title": "CM to take up Air India Air Transport Services Limited job security issue with Centre", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has promised that the jobs of 40-odd Air India Air Transport Services Limited (AIATSL) staff, currently employed at the Trivandrum Airport, will be secure and that no one will be forcefully evicted from their current positions.\"I had a conversation with Vyalar Ravi (when he was Union aviation minister) regarding job security of the AIATSL employees and I will take up the matter with Ravi again,\" said the chief minister during the Cabinet briefing on Thursday.The management of Air India's joint venture company, Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services (AI-Sats), had assured the AIATSL staff that any decision regarding change in employment would be taken only in consultation with the state government.\"The chief minister personally spoke to Air India executive director (south), Sunil Kishen, and asked him to give the staff two weeks to hash out a solution,\" said a source in the CM's office. Meanwhile, four AIATSL staff, whose contract ended on Wednesday, were asked to surrender their airport entry pass and to choose one of the three options -- to join Air India's new joint venture company AI-Sats, opt for transfer to one of the other stations or join the security department at Trivandrum.Anticipating trouble from the staff after serving termination letters, the Air India management has sent seven ground handing staff to the airport from Chennai.\"We have been honest workers and we will not quit our jobs. The AIATSL staff have refused to join the joint venture company AI-Sats because they feel that the Air India management is cannibalizing the company,\" said an AIATSL GSD employee.\"Air India and Air India Express together operate around 4,000 flights per year from Trivandrum Airport and presently these flights are handled by AI and AIATSL employees at no additional cost. If AI-Sats is handed over the ground handling of these flights, Air India will have to incur an additional expense of Rs 10 crore per annum as the ground handling charges for these flights at Rs 25,000 per flight). No profit will be made by Air India and Sats is using old equipment belonging to Air India by not making any new investment at the airport,\" said an Air India official at the airport.Add to that, AI-Sats has overlooked the eligibility criteria when they conducted recruitment at the Trivandrum Airport. The criteria for hiring for AI-Sats vacancies at Bengaluru airport were far more stringent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695965", "title": "Sheila libel plea: Order on June 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court is likely to pronounce on June 4 its order on chief minister Sheila Dikshit's plea for summoning BJP leader Vijender Gupta to face prosecution for allegedly defaming her before the recent MCD polls.Metropolitan magistrate Saumya Chauhan reserved the order after Dikshit's counsel pleaded that summoning Gupta was necessary to establish the defamation case.Advocate Mehmood Paracha, appearing for Dikshit, said the summons need to be issued against the BJP leader to ascertain that Gupta's defamatory remarks before the April 15 civil polls were to gain political mileage by maligning the image of the chief minister. \"The statements (of Gupta) were malafide and made with conspiracy to take political mileage by defaming her (Dikshit),\" the advocate said.Referring to the Model Code of Conduct, enforced by the Elections Commission in run up to the MCD polls, Paracha said \"criticism should be fair and becoming of the person like the accused (Gupta), who is a senior leader of the BJP\".Dikshit had on Wednesday recorded her statement before the magistrate in the case. She had filed the criminal defamation case alleging that the BJP leader used \"uncivilised\" language before MCD polls. The CM had also filed a civil suit in the Delhi high court against Gupta for putting up hoardings across the city, accusing her government of conniving with private discoms and indulging in corruption in determining power tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13699769", "title": "Amid BSP walkout, Akhilesh Yadav presents UP Budget with no new tax", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amidst uproar and walkout by BSP, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday presented his maiden state Budget for 2012-13 with no new tax and a provision of Rs 500 crore for waving farm loans.It also provides for unemployment allowance and giving laptops to school students.For the first time, the state's Budget size has crossed the figure of Rs 2 lakh crore.It has projected a deficit of Rs 21,570.26 crore in the Budget while estimating total receipts of Rs 1,94,327.28 crore this fiscal. The total Budget size is Rs 2,00,110.61 crore.The Budget puts revenue receipts at Rs 1,58,847.86 crore and capital receipts of Rs 35,479.32 crore.Presenting the Budget, based on the promises made in SP's manifesto, Yadav said that a provision of Rs 1,100 crore has been made for unemployment allowance to be given to people in the age group of 30-40 years.For providing free laptops and tablets to high school and intermediate pass students a provision of Rs 2,721.24 crore has been made.Announcing the relaunch of Kanya Vidyadhan Scheme, scrapped during the BSP regime, the SP government has made a provision of 446 crore.A separate provision of Rs 500 crore has been made for loan waiver of farmers promised by the party in its manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13694990", "title": "Bandh: Shops, eateries down shutters", "text": "PUNE: Shops, hotels and petrol pumps remained closed in most parts of the city like Kothrud, Karvenagar, Shivajinagar, Model colony, Laxmi Road, Tilak Road and the 'peths' on Thursday in response to the Bharat bandh called to protest against the increase in petrol price. However, in fringe areas such as Sinhagad Road, Satara Road, Dhankawadi, Ambegao Pathar and Hadapsar shops, service centres and petrol pumps functioned as usual. State and Union government offices also functioned as normal as the government had warned that action will be taken against employees who will participate in the bandh.The wholesale market of vegetables and foodgrains did not participate in the bandh but supply of vegetables and fruits was partly affected and green grocers were forced to close shops in the early hours. The shops in Deccan Gymkhana, FC Road, JM Road, Sahakarnagar, Nal Stop, University Road, Shivajinagar Road and in parts of Pune cantonment also downed shutters. Except medical shops and banks, most of the commercial establishments remained closed.The band was partial in Pimpri-Chinchwad, Ahmednagar Road and Aundh with no reports of any untoward incident. Most of the shops were open.Unidentified people broke window panes and wind shields of 13 buses on Wednesday night itself, forcing these buses to remain off the road. An official of the PMPML told TOI that, \"Another 14 buses were damaged early in the morning on Thursday, taking the number of damaged buses to 27. The damaged buses are being repaired and the damage is being assessed.\"The bus service continued to be partially affected, the official added.Some of the IT companies in Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park rescheduled the arrival of their employees. On condition of anonymity, an official said, \"Instead of 9 am, many employees were asked to leave their homes much earlier. The companies also provided buses to avoid employees getting stuck due to lack of transport.\"Autorickshaw unions in the city did not participate in the bandh. Autorickshaw drivers, however, said that there were fewer passengers as major market areas and shops remained closed.Pradeep Bhalerao of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation said that there were fewer passengers even at the railway stations and bus stands.Rickshaw driver Popat Paigude said, \"Usually I make about 12 trips during the day. But today I got only one passenger in the morning after covering several areas like Shivajinagar ST stand and railway station. In the afternoon also there were hardly any people on roads.\"The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) claimed that the bandh was complete success. \"The citizens gave a massive response to the bandh call,\" said Vikas Mathkari, city unit chief of the party.He said that the citizens were angry with the increase in petrol price. They have shown this anger by coming out on the streets in large numbers.The government should respect the people's sentiments and roll back the petrol price rise, he added.All the central trade unions held protest rallies to oppose the petrol price hike. The CPI (M) held protest rally at the Budhwar chowk, while Patil Pawan Sanghatan held a rally at Mandai chowk. Dalit Panther of India took out a morcha and threatened to restrict entry of Union ministers into the state if petrol prices are not reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694593", "title": "No info on Mamata's claim of threat to her: P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday said it had no information on the claim by chief minister Mamata Banerjee that the CPM had hatched a conspiracy to assassinate her with help from abroad.At the presentation of the monthly report card of ministry of home affairs, home minister P Chidambaram was asked by a reporter about the details of threats being faced by the Trinamool Congress chief as claimed in an article on her in the Washington Post.\"We have no information,\" pat came the reply from Chidambaram. On being pressed further how it was possible for the Centre to be unaware of the magnitude of the charge being levelled by a chief minister, the home minister smiled and said: \"I repeat we have no information.\"Mamata recently launched a tirade against CPM, accusing her Marxist political opponents of plotting with the Maoist rebels to discredit and kill her, in league with Pakistan's intelligence agency and financed by North Korea, Venezuela and Hungary.\"They have given me the death sentence, and every day they are spreading this superimposed photo, on Facebook, on internet or in the email, through some false, camouflaged name,\" she had told the US daily when asked about the arrest of a Kolkata professor who had mocked at her in a cartoon.CPM had dismissed the allegation as \"ridiculous\" and said the party will examine whether it merited a defamation suit against Mamata. Rejecting the allegation, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury had said there cannot be anything more ridiculous than Mamata making such a claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700755", "title": "Indus Creed: High on energy, big on melody", "text": "Indus Creed is back with their new album. Self-produced by the studio (and live) veterans, and mixed by mixing genius Tim Palmer (Pearl Jam, U2, Robert Plant , Ozzy Osbourne , Porcupine Tree), the album will be released in the first quarter of 2012. An interview with the band ... What are some of the changes on the music scene that you notice now? What is your opinion on Bollywood music that is always so popular? A lot of changes from the old days. For starters music gear is so much better today than the days of yesterday. The rock scene is better organised but could still get better. Bollywood music is the pop music of India. It's popular firstly because it is written absolutely with that in mind. The focus is purely on writing a song that will sell as many copies as possible. Also it's in Hindi so obviously more accessible to all. Also while digital downloads seem to be the order of the day, a very important platform for selling music or books, holding a physical CD of the band you cherish in your hand is a wonderful experience and you can't do that with digital downloads.Why did you change your name to Indus Creed from Rock Machine? Was there a reason or significance to this? In the early 90s we signed up with a British manager who encouraged us to look seriously beyond India and more to the world as a platform for our music. Part of this endeavour was to change the name from Rock Machine which by then we felt was an extremely naive name - to Indus Creed which seemed a name that reflected our roots without sounding pretentious.How has your music been received across the world? Where are your biggest fans? From Los Angeles to Patiala - every concert has been different and mind blowing in its own special way. Indus Creed fans stretch the length and breadth of the globe and now with the Internet and Facebook, it's easier for them to keep in touch with our music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695859", "title": "BJP announces candidates for mayoral elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state BJP on Thursday released names of the candidates for mayoral elections in three municipal corporations. The candidates are Indrajeet Verma from Agra, Satya Pandey from Gorakhpur and Gulshan Anand from Bareilly. Besides, names of candidates for 13 Nagar Palika Parishad have also been declared. On Wednesday, BJP had declared candidates for Kanpur, Moradabad, Aligarh and Jhansi. Veena Agarwal is candidate from Moradabad, Jagat Veer Singh Dron from Kanpur, Shakuntala Bharti from Aligarh and Kiran Verma from Jhansi. The party had also released names of candidates for 27 Nagar Palika Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13694969", "title": "60-year-old man chases, nabs 28-year-old chain snatcher in Pune", "text": "PUNE: In an incident that is awe inspiring, 60-year-old Muralidhar Deshpande nabbed a 28-year-old chain snatcher after a hot chase on the bridge near Shaniwarwada on Thursday morning. The suspect had snatched two gold chains worth Rs 1.60 lakh worn by Deshpande's wife, Meghana (53).The Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar felicitated Deshpande in the evening for his daring act. Borwankar also felicitated autorickshaw driver Umesh Suryavanshi, who helped Deshpande nab the suspect who was identified as Pravin Kamalakar Patole of Tadiwala road. Meghana has lodged a complaint with the Faraskhana police station in this regard.Speaking to TOI, Deshpande said that every morning he and his wife go for a morning walk from their residence in Kasba Peth to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) office. \"On Thursday morning, we left home around 6 am and reached the bridge (Nava pul) near Shaniwarwada around 6.15 am,\" Deshpande said.While they were walking on the bridge, they noticed a man loitering around. \"The man remained close to us. After a few moments, he went ahead and stopped a few metres away,\" Deshpande said. Since the footpath on the bridge is narrow, his wife was walking behind him.He said, \"Within a few seconds after I passed the youth, I heard my wife scream. I turned back and saw that the person was running towards Shaniwarwada. My wife told me that he had snatched her two gold chains.\"Deshpande gave chase immediately and kept shouting \"chor-chor\" (thief, thief) as he followed the man who was running towards the Surya Hospital. \"A Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited bus driver, who was driving his vehicle towards Juna Bazar, heard me and stopped in the middle of the road, forcing the thief to stop too.\"The suspect turned and started to run towards Shaniwarwada. But auto driver Suryavanshi blocked his way and trapped him between the PMPML bus and the autorickshaw. \"I had caught up with the thief by then and I forced him into the auto and took him to the Kasba Peth police chowky,\" Deshpande said. \"After handing him over to the police, I went to look for my wife,\" Deshpande said, adding, \"By that time, a large number of people had gathered on the bridge and were heading towards the chowky with my wife.\"Meghana told TOI, \"I saw the man standing near the railings of the bridge. All of a sudden, he snatched my gold chains. I was shocked, but raised an alarm immediately.\"Senior police inspector of the Faraskhana police station Anant Rajeshirke said that the suspect Patole works at a snacks centre in the city. \"During investigations, he said he attempted to snatch the gold chain since he had taken a debt. However, we are investigating further,\" Rajeshirke said, adding, \"So far, we have not found any previous criminal record of Patole.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13694848", "title": "North Karnataka shuts down to protest petrol price hike", "text": "HUBLI: The nationwide bandh called by the NDA and Left parties to protest against hike in petrol prices on Thursday paralyzed normal life in Hubli. The bandh evoked good response in the city with most business establishments, educational institutions and theatres remained closed till evening. Buses and autorickshwas were stayed off the roads.Two government buses were pelted with stones near the railway station and at Ishwar Nagar. However, no casualties were reported. A two-wheeler was also burnt at Durgad Bail in the city.Protesters burnt tyres at Chennamma Circle, Akshay Park Circle, Manjunath Nagar and other areas. BJP members took out a bicycle procession through the main roads. Autorickshaw drivers also took out the procession seeking rollback of petrol price hike.HAVERI The bandh evoked mixed response in Haveri district. It was business as usual at Haveri weekly market and commercial shops in the town. The bandh did not affect bus services also. However, all schools remained closed as per the order of DDPI.BELGAUM The bandh was peaceful in Belgaum. Most business establishments, hotels, theatres, petrol bunks, schools and colleges remained closed. KSRTC buses and autorickshaws were off the roads. There was lot of confusion among students and parents as there was no instruction from the education department regarding the functioning of schools.In some market areas, BJP activists were seen forcing shop owners to close the shops. Activists took out a protest rally from Nargundkar Bhave Chowk and returned to the same place after proceeding through Maruti Galli, Ramdev Galli, Khade Bazar and Central bus stand. A human chain was formed at the central bus stand and a rasta roko was held.DHARWAD People of Dharwad district responded positively to the bandh. Passengers coming from far off places to Dharwad were off loaded on the outskirts of the city and were forced to walk the distance to reach their destination. When police offered to help the buses reach their destination, drivers of many buses refused to enter the city saying they had been directed by the owners not to expose the vehicles to damage.Those depending on eateries for their breakfast and lunch had to remain without food as all the outlets were closed. Petrol pumps also remained closed causing hardship to long distance commuters.The BJP under the leadership of MP Prahlad Joshi took out a procession from Subhas road to the DC's office and submitted a memorandum to DC Darpan Jain. Heavy security arrangements under the supervision of ACP Sanjeev Patil ensured that there were no untoward incidents.CHITRADURGA The bandh was total in Chitradurga and six taluk centres in the district. All shops and business establishments, schools and colleges and the APMC market were closed. KSRTC and private buses were off the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13693773", "title": "98 tribal healers given Rs 10,000 each as grant", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, inaugurated the distribution of Rs 10,000 each to 98 selected tribal healers for cultivating herbal medicinal plants in their courtyards, here on Thursday. The money can also be used for improving facilities at their homes to provide better medical care to their patients.This forms the initial phase of a state-level financial aid distribution scheme for welfare of tribal healers launched by the Kerala Institute for Research, Training and Development of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (KIRTADS).All together 120 tribal healers have been selected as beneficiaries in the first phase of the project. The remaining 22 will be given the money at a function to be organized soon, KIRTADS officials said. The list of beneficiaries was prepared by an expert panel led by N Viswanathan Nair, president, Indian Indigenous People Service Society. They were chosen taking into account the exclusiveness of their methods of treatment, as well as their financial situation, the officials said.The tribal healers who received the grant are from Kottayam, Idukki, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Kannur, Kasaragod, Ernakulam, Thrissur and Palakkad districts. Nine out of the 120 are women.Apart from the 120 selected, 80 more have been identified by the expert panel. They would be provided aid in the second phase of the project, said P V Mini, deputy director, KIRTADS. KIRTADS, with the help of the expert panel, has also prepared a directory of tribal healers in the state. The SC and ST Welfare Department will use this information to extend welfare schemes to more people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "srikakulam/hyderabad", "code": "13694825", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma faced Jagan Mohan Reddy threat: Lagadapati Rajagopal", "text": "SRIKAKULAM/HYDERABAD: Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal, who is unsparing in his attack on Jaganmohan Reddy in recent times, alleged that Jagan had threatened film director Ram Gopal Varma to remove a character resembling him in Rakta Charitra II.Addressing newspersons in Srikakulam on Thursday, Lagadapati said that Jagan had blackmailed Varma into not making any references to factionalism in Anantapur.\"Varma himself told me about the threat from Jagan,\" the MP claimed. He said the matter was revealed by Varma during release of his book 'Naa Ishtam'. The threats from Jagan forced Varma to delete several scenes in the film, he said.The film was based on the life of former TDP MLA Parital Ravindra. There were allegations that his murder was hatched by Jagan along with factionist Suri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "shimla/manali", "code": "13696218", "title": "Bandh in Himachal troubles tourists", "text": "SHIMLA/MANALI: Supporting bandh against petrol price hike, on Thursday, 35-40 CPI (M) workers, carrying red flags, got a Kalka-bound train to a halt at Summer Hill railway station, for around 20-25 minutes around 9.45am. They raised slogans against the Centre and then got off the tracks. Traffic remained unaffected though shops were closed in the initial half of the day, causing problems for tourists.Similar conditions prevailed in Kullu and the place wore a deserted look all day. While the local people and tourists preferred staying indoors, BJP workers, under the leadership of local MLA Govind Singh Thakur, took out rallies in Manali and Kullu.However, It was certainly a good day for street vendors who sold pani-puri and chhole-bhature to a large number of people. A vendor, Ram Babu, said he sold 70% of his stock till 12pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13693840", "title": "Azlan Shah Cup: India ride on Sunil strike to down Pakistan", "text": "BANGALORE: SV Sunil struck in the dying moments as India downed Pakistan 2-1 in a pulsating encounter at the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament in Ipoh on Thursday.But the win may have come a little too late as India ended their campaign with nine points from six games. Two other teams - Argentina (nine points from five matches) and Great Britain (eight points from five) - stand a better chance of making the final against New Zealand, who reached the title round on Thursday with a 4-1 rout of Malaysia.The Black Sticks are on 12 points with a match to go against Korea on Saturday. Friday is a rest day.Striker Sunil, who has returned a mixed bag of late, dived to guide the ball into the goal in the 69th minute after Sardar Singh created the opening with a superb pass.Sandeep Singh scored India's first goal in the 30th minute off a penalty corner but Pakistan found parity when Sohail Abbas returned the compliment with a firm shot in the 59th minute.Chief coach Michael Nobbs said he had focused on a few extra training sessions to sharpen the players' finishing skills which paid dividends in the game against Pakistan.\"We have been playing well and not finishing. We made more of an effort to rectify this by some extra training sessions which helped,\" he told TOI.\"It was a typical hard-fought match against Pakistan, the first half we were dominant and were unlucky not to have scored more. The second half mostly belonged to Pakistan. They had a few shots on goal but goalkeeper Bharat Chetri and the defense were solid and we held them to solitary goal,\" the Aussie said.\"Our attacks in the second half were fewer but had more potency and we earned more shots and penalty corners. Some brilliant play by Birendra Lakra and Sardar and a wonderful diving goal by Sunil sealed the victory for us. We deserved the victory,\" he added.The Indians get a two-day break before the classification matches and final on Sunday.Results: India 2 (Sandeep Singh 31st, SV Sunil 69th) bt Pakistan 1 (Sohail Abbas 61st). Great Britain 1 (Jonty Clarke 50) bt South Korea 1 (Yoon Sung Hoon 22nd). New Zealand 4 (Ryan Archibald 5, Shea McAleese 16, Nick Wilson 33, Shay Neal 61) bt Malaysia 1 (Hafifi Hafiz Hanafi 45).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695535", "title": "Urdu Wikipedia to be up and running in June", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can Mirza Ghalib be made cool? It's a tough challenge but one that some Urdu scholars are willing to take up. Keen to make Urdu culture, poetry, language and traditions accessible to the young generation, especially the growing diaspora, India will soon boast of its first Urdu Wikipedia.The Urdu Wiki, its current tentative nomenclature, will work along the lines of Wikipedia allowing readers to edit and add comments. Mooted by the National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language (NCPUL), instituted by the human resource development ministry, the project is likely to be up and running in June.\"We want to the young generation to be interested in Urdu literature and culture,\" Khwaja Mohammed Ekramuddin, NCPUL director, said.The council will initially upload nine volumes of the Urdu encyclopedia that covers subjects ranging from arts, science, politics and culture. It also plans to place a team of people to edit and update comments posted on the Urdu Wiki.There are plans to tie up with Kindle and upload 1,200 Urdu books that can be downloaded for free. The council has also begun work on Urdu digital dictionary and online Urdu classes.\"There are several people who are interested in language. We would like to provide them with the access of online learning,\" Ekramuddin said. The online classes will be serviced through about 400 NCPUL centres across the country. The online course work, complete with animation, pronunciation classes and segments on alphabets, language and literature, will be ready by October. The council is also working on a video bank to supplement e-learning with visuals of customs, festivals and other events.Sources said this concerted effort was being made to reach out to Indian diaspora across the world. India has been so far left behind by Pakistan and other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13693721", "title": "Cops seek help of auto drivers to track weapons", "text": "KOCHI: The crime branch team has sought the support of autorickshaw drivers in Kalamassery to identify the autorickshaw in which the accused in the dacoity case left a bag containing the swords which were used by them to attack the jewellery owner on June 20, 2002.Crime branch officials told ToI on Thursday that they held a discussion with the leaders of autoriskshaw drivers union in Kalamassery and assured all support to the driver who gave a trip to the accused without knowing who they were and what they had done on the night of June 20, 2002. \"Ten years have passed since the incident. But we hope to spot the driver who might have kept the incident a secret due to fear. We will ensure that the driver is not in any trouble if he comes forward to help the police. His statement will be crucial in the case,\" the officials said.According to the officials, the nine-member gang, after committing the crime on June 20 night, escaped from the spot in three motorcycles. When they reached HMT Junction, three of them, including Nazeer, decided to proceed to Aluva in an autorickshaw to avoid detection. They approached an autorickshaw waiting at the stand. After alighting from the autorickshaw, they gave cash to the driver and shook hands with him. In a hurry, they forgot to take the bag containing weapons from the auto.\"If the auto driver comes forward, it will be a breakthrough in the case. We hope the person will cooperate with the case, considering its seriousness,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694612", "title": "Stop-work notice for MMR complex", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has asked MMR Infrastructure to stop all construction work at a commercial complex in Sector 52 for allegedly carrying out unauthorized construction, flouting the approved building plan. The company has also reportedly encroached upon a large section of a green belt in the vicinity.Over the last fortnight, Noida Authority has been targeting the rampant unauthorized construction being carried out by developers in Noida and has issued three showcause notices to different companies.MMR, constructing the commercial complex at E-01, was issued a showcause notice by the Authority on May 17 and asked to explain why construction activity was being conducted without the required layout and building plan permissions. The Authority had also asked for an explanation on why the dug-up earth was being dumped at a green belt in the vicinity. The letter also ordered the developer to clear the site and cover the remaining huge mounds of \"dug-up earth\" as it was causing a great inconvenience to the public.On May 21, the company had replied that it had the required permissions and were carrying out the building activity as per approved plans, said an Authority official.According to the revenue department, it had approved the digging of earth at the site up to only 10 metres but Authority officials have found that more than the permitted depth was being dug. \"The dug-up earth was being deposited in the adjoining green belt. The boundary wall of an adjacent park had also been damaged by the developer,\" said the official. \"The horticulture department then sent a notice to the builder to deposit Rs 9,18,445 as compensation by May 28,\" he said.On Thursday, after a team of Authority officials - accompanied by a police contingent - conducted an inspection of the construction site, a stop-work notice was issued to the developer for violating the approved building plans. \"We have asked the builder to stop all work and to remove the dumped earth from the green belt and restore it to its original state or face strict action,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13696496", "title": "Exodus begins, 2 more Congress MLAs join Jaganmohan Reddy camp; TDP too jittery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Days after Congress MLAs Alla Nani and RVSK Ranga Rao defied party bosses by hobnobbing with Jaganmohan Reddy, more cracks developed in the ruling Congress and opposition TDP with three sitting legislators deciding to join hands with Jagan. While Congress legislators Dwarampudi Chandrasekhar Reddy (Kakinada) and Savara Jayamani (Parvathipuram) called on Vijayamma at Kotauratla in Visakhapatnam on Thursday, TDP MLA Chinnam Ramakotaiah (Nuzvid) created ripples by declaring that he won't contest on TDP ticket in the next elections. Although Ramakotaiah did not reveal his next move, party sources say that his exit from TDP is certain.Effectively, the Congress has almost lost four legislators -- Nani, Ranga Rao, Dwarampudi and Jayamani -- to Jagan's party in the last few days and speculation is rife that at least a dozen are ready to jump the boat by the time his mother, YSR Congress founder president Vijayamma winds up her campaign for the June 12 bypolls. Chandrababu Naidu is also jittery as party MLA Bala Nagireddy (Mantralayam) is openly aligned with the Jagan camp, while Ramakotaiah is making serious moves to meet Vijayamma.The speculation is that some more Congress legislators would jump into YSRCP bandwagon in the coming days. Among those who might ride the Jagan ratham include Buchepalli Sivaprasada Reddy (Darsi), A Suresh Babu (Y Palem), C Adinarayana Reddy (Jammalamadugu), B N Vijayakumar (Santhanuthalapadu), P Ramanjaneyulu (Bhimavaram), Rapaka Varaprasada Rao (Rajole), Katasani Ramireddy (Banaganapalle), Janardhana Thatraju (Kurupam), Peedika Rajanna Dora (Saluru), Muthyala Papa (Narsipatnam), T Vijaya Kumar (Visakhapatnam North) and Kannababu Raju (Yelamanchili).Wasting no time, Alla Nani resigned from the party and his MLA post and said he would campaign for the YSR Congress from Friday.What took the Congress camp by surprise on Thursday was the move of Dwarampudi. An ardent follower of Jagan, he gave into the pressures of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and made a retreat when 18 Jagan loyalist legislators quit the assembly. However, sources said it was a tactical retreat by Dwarampudi, who was waiting for an opportunity to switch over to the Jagan camp. Similarly, Parvathipuram MLA Jayamani, a follower of Bobbili MLA Ranga Rao met Vijayamma and expressed her solidarity.Sources said the YSR Congress leadership is mainly targeting Vizianagaram district, the home turf of PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana. This is because of the growing unpopularity of Botsa in his own region. Apart from Ranga Rao and Jayamani, Thatraju, another scion of the royal family like Ranga Rao, is upset with the Congress.\"Though the CM spoke to him over phone and tried to calm him, Thatraju is seriously mulling to cross over to Jagan's party,\" sources said. Rajanna Dora is maintaining silence for now, but the two-time MLA may choose the YSRCP in the coming days, sources averred. Analysts said it would be a huge setback for Botsa if some more MLAs quit the party, as the Congress holds seven seats of the nine assembly constituencies in the district.Ramakotaiah, on the other hand, surprised Naidu with his vitriolic attack on the TDP leadership. \"I am upset with our party chief Naidu. I have decided not to contest the next election on TDP ticket,\" Ramakotaiah told the media in Nuzvid.Naidu made frantic calls to woo Ramakotaiah, but party insiders said it is only a matter of time before he too jumps the fence. Ramakotaiah, a retired engineer in the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad (MCH), joined PRP before last general elections. When the PRP denied him the ticket, Naidu hugged him and fielded him from Nuzvid which he won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "aamgaon (gumla)", "code": "13695159", "title": "Villagers unite to secure food", "text": "Aamgaon (Gumla): The tribal-dominated Aamgaon village in Naxalite-hit Albert Ekka block in the district has its own way of arranging food security for its residents.In a united move, the villagers here have set up a grain bank with community participation among themselves . When DC Rahul Sharma reached here to launch the total village development programme (TVDP) on Wednesday, it was a historic moment for the village, about 40 km off the district headquarters, comprising 567 people in 87 households. tnnOfficials from almost all departments arrived here to guide them on the path of development. Sharma initiated TVDP - an integrated village development project by offering puja.Launching the project, the DC stressed on strengthening gram sabha saying that a strengthened gram sabha could solve several problems of rural life. He urged the villagers to prepare village development plan to eradicate poverty by utilizing village land and water resources.He pointed out four special features of village development project - education, unity, gram sabha and prohibition. The head of the village gram sansad, Anil Ekka, said grain bank has provided education loan to administrative officials and engineers from the village.Earlier officials were given a warm welcome displaying rich rural culture and the entire village witnessed a festive atmosphere throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696619", "title": "4-month-old female cub found, no sign of tigress", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Maharashtra forest minister Patangrao Kadam announced a slew of measures to tackle poaching, a four-month-old female tiger cub was found abandoned near Chorbahuli village in Paoni range, 50km from here, on Thursday.When found in a farm owned by Chhedilal Choukse, the cub was virtually in a semi-unconscious state. The spot was hardly 300 metres from the NH7 on the right side of the road while travelling from Nagpur to Seoni. Foresters feel that the cub might have been approaching the Mogra talao which is a further 100 metres away.One version says that patrolling staff of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) had seen the cub being chased by dogs on Wednesday night. They reached the spot and shooed away the dogs and camped at the spot till morning to protect the cub. Had the dogs chased the cub, it would have been either injured or killed, which is not the case.Paoni range forest officer (RFO) Anil Waghmare was informed about the cub around 8am. He pressed in a patrolling vehicle given by deputy conservator PK Mahajan. Due to the Bharat bandh no alternative vehicle was available. The patrolling vehicle saved the situation and the cub could be shifted to Seminary Hills nursery in the city for treatment in time.\"Although there were no injuries to the cub, it looks weak and malnourished. It couldn't even stand on its feet and was captured without tranquillizing,\" said SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife.The cub was sighted on a private land overlapping compartment number 270 of the regular and FDCM forest. Waghmare says, \"As the patch is a corridor, wildlife does move to and fro. But four camera traps installed by us on May 5, in Jamunia and Tuiapaar areas near the spot, shows no record of a tiger presence.\"On the other hand, MS Reddy, conservator of forests and holding additional charge of Pench, said two tiger cubs were found in the camera traps installed in compartment number 593 of Mansinghdeo Sanctuary in Chorbahuli range on April 30. The rescued cub is one of them and it must have managed to cross the busy highway safely.Reddy said a farmer has claimed to have sighted a tigress with a young one two days ago in the same area where the cub has been found. \"We are trying to trace the farmer,\" he said.\"It's possible as animals move on both sides of the forest patches on NH7. We have launched a combing operation to trace the tigress and the other cub,\" Naqvi said. Wildlife, territorial and FDCM staff are looking for signs and evidences of the tigress.Naqvi said nothing can be said about poaching. There is also a possibility that the tigress might have gone in search of prey and must have not returned, leading to the cub straying away.However, wildlife experts say there may be a possibility that the tigress might have been poached. It never happens that a tigress abandons such small cubs. It is an area accessible to anyone and tigers can easily be poached in such areas.\"Our priority is to treat the cub and trace its mother. We are also open to reuniting the cub with the tigress. The cub is being treated with minimum human imprint. Life saving drugs are being administered to restore its health,\" said Naqvi.A team of wildlife vets from Nagpur Veterinary College including Dr NP Dakshinkar (HoD, medicine), Dr Shirish Upadhye (associate professor of surgery), Dr Gautam Bhojne and Dr Vinod Dhoot (both assistant professors for medicine), and Dr Chitra Raut are treating the cub.After the recent spurt in poaching of tigers in the region, the discovery of an abandoned cub is a big blow for conservation. It reflects failure of the territorial staff to monitor the animals. \"If the cubs were traced in the camera a month ago, why were the animals not monitored,\" asked wildlife experts.The incident also highlights neglect of Mansinghdeo Sanctuary which has not seen a makeover even after it was notified 18 months ago. \"It also calls for a dire need for a rescue and wildlife treatment centre in Nagpur,\" they said.Sloth bear dies in Melghat Tiger ReserveOne sloth bear was found dead in compartment number 350 of Anar beat in Palaskundi round near Ambabarawa Wildlife Sanctuary of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) in Amravati. The incident took place on May 27. The staff declared it as a natural death and burnt the carcass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696846", "title": "Colleges turn away PG dental students", "text": "CHENNAI: Postgraduate dental students who were allotted seats in private colleges on Wednesday through the government's single window counselling system were turned away by the colleges on Thursday, the last day for admission.The directorate of medical education conducted counselling for postgraduate medical and dental seats in self-financing colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University after nearly four years, following the Madras high court's directions.Thirty-eight PG dental seats in six colleges and 33 PG medical seats in two colleges were allotted on Wednesday. The medical and dental councils mandate that colleges should surrender 50% of PG seats for admission through the single window system. Based on a petition, the Madras high court had ordered admission through counselling, where the rule of merit and reservation is followed.On Thursday, the students took the allotment orders to the respective colleges but were refused admission. \"The college officials refused to give acknowledgement letters and said they would contact us once a final decision in the matter was made,\" said Dr TK Diwakar, a student.The Indian Dental Association (IDA) is planning a gherao at the directorate of medical association office on Friday. \"As per court orders, the colleges are supposed to admit students,\" said C Sivakumar, secretary, IDA, TN branch. \"What the private colleges are doing is wrong,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696105", "title": "Bustling Bangalore comes to standstill", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a mid-week holiday for many Bangaloreans. The near-total bandh saw almost all traders downing shutters. Barring chemists and a few restaurants in Central Business District, merchants shut shop for 12 hours. While banks worked with shutters half-open, malls didn't take a chance.After three buses were burnt, BMTC withdrew its fleet of 5,800 buses till 6pm.Those headed to the airport managed with the few cabs plying or went by private vehicles. Auto drivers had a field day, some even charging Rs 100 as minimum fare.Some shops that opened in the morning were quickly closed as scooter-borne activists waving BJP flags went around. \"I'd rather lose business for a few hours than have my shop vandalized,'' said a Chickpet trader.All trains plied on schedule, but KSRTC cancelled almost all morning buses to Chennai. While several techies worked from home, schools declared a holiday. By evening, the city limped back to normal. Shops opened, buses returned to the roads, and eateries did brisk business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695411", "title": "Ground water level falls marginally", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In some relief to the city, the ground water level has only declined marginally in two localities and has not been affected much in other parts. This has been revealed in the pre-monsoon ground water status report of the ground water department. The two localities are Ashok Nagar and Sadar.But, the ground water department says that over-exploitation of ground water can deepen water crisis in the city and hence steps are needed to check it.Executive engineer, ground water department, HB Samvedi told TOI: \"In compared to 2011, the level of pre-monsoon ground water taken on May 28, was not much affected and it was only marginally less in only two localities.\"He added that this was all due to last year monsoon showers which helped to increase the water level to an extent. He, however, said there is need to install rain water harvesting system in big buildings which would help in maintaining the ground water level.As per this year's pre-monsoon status report, level of ground water level in Neewa locality was recorded 11.35 metres while the status at Nayapura was 16.35 metres. The level in other localities was Ashok Nagar (13.30m), Dhoomanganj (12.20m), Kasari-Masari (13.80m), Kareli (15.80m), Georgetown (9.30m), Bamrauli (15.55m), Govindpur (15.60m), Teliyarganj (20.80m), Karelabagh (16.40m), Katghar (11.20m), South Malaka (6.05m), Bairana (9.10m), Daraganj (13.30m), Salori (16.10m), Beli hospital (19.35m), Kutchary (20.65m), Khuldabad (15.75m), Peepalgav (24.30m), Ranipur (23.30m), Allahapur (10.05m), Nyay Marg (8.10m), Civil Lines (27.30m) and Baghara (16.50m).Officials say population pressure and urbanization has impacted ground water levels in the district. At present, around 35% population of the district relies on ground water.Samvedi said, \"There is a strong need to create recharge pits, recharge trench, recharge well, dry wells and ponds to collect rain water. Otherwise situation may become difficult in future.\"Further, putting stress on water conservation, Samvedi added, \"It's everyone's responsibility to restore the water resources and awareness should be spread in this regard.\"He said people should install rainwater harvesting system as it's a competent tool to restore the ground water level.Water experts say that apart from water conservation, water needs to be diverted from non-potable users like big industries to residences and for domestic purposes.If the used water can be reused for various purposes like agriculture, city parks, construction of building purpose and fire stations/hydrants, then need of water could be easily checked suggested experts adding that proper plantation drive should be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695357", "title": "No information on threat to Mamata Banerjee: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday said it had no information on the claim by West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee that her arch political rival CPM was plotting with Maoists to kill her with the help of Pakistani intelligence agency ISI and countries like North Korea and Venezuela.Asked about the purported threats being faced by the Trinamool Congress chief, home minister P Chidambaram said, \"We have no information.\"Pressed further how it was possible for the Centre to be unaware of the magnitude of the charge being leveled by a chief minister, the home minister smiled and said, \"I repeat, we have no information.\"Banerjee had recently launched a tirade against CPM, accusing it of plotting with Maoists to discredit and kill her, in league with ISI and financed by North Korea, Venezuela and Hungary .\"They have given me the death sentence, and every day they are spreading this superimposed photo on Facebook, on Internet or in the e-mail, through some false, camouflaged name,\" she had told a US daily when asked about the arrest of a Kolkata professor who had mocked at her in a cartoon.CPM had dismissed the allegation as \"ridiculous\" and said the party would examine whether it merited a defamation suit against Banerjee. Rejecting the allegation, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury had said there could not be anything more ridiculous than Banerjee making such a claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695537", "title": "Shortage of bodies hits anatomy classes at medical colleges", "text": "INDORE: Acute shortage of human bodies has badly affected the anatomy classes at the medial colleges in the city. The number of bodies received by three medical colleges in Indore is not adequate, and the students face a tough time with their practical study. A medical college requires at least 15 cadavers every year for a batch of 150 students to practically learn the surgical process.Dr S Shrivastava, head of anatomy department at MGM Medical College, says, \"People in the city are not aware of the body donation process and the college is facing problems due to the lack of cadavers. We are not able to find even 15 bodies for practical.\"He said that more people should come forward for such noble causes as it keeps people alive even after their death and helps many students learn human body better and hence treat the patients better.Dr Shrivastava suggested that people who don't have enough funds for the last rites of a deceased can come forward to donate the body. \"There is not much awareness among the people about this cause in the city. Even those who are willing to donate the body of a dead kin are often misguided or dissuaded by other family members,\" he said.He pointed out that many changed their decision after filling up the forms for donating body adding that the MGM Medical College sometimes received over 500 forms but they changed their mind later, citing various reasons like migration.Recently, MGM Medical College had held a meeting with the Indore Municipal Corporation to end the crisis. The civic body has also agreed to provide a vehicle to carry the bodies to the medical college.\"A person after forty, who is willing for body donation, can fill the forms available with the college and apply for it. The process of body donation will be explained to them while filling the forms and their families can approach the college after they die,\" adds Dr Shrivastava.Dr SD Joshi of the anatomy department at Sri Aurobindo Institute of Medical Sciences says, \"We receive around eight bodies every year for students to practice anatomy lessons but they are not enough as a body cannot be stored for long once it is dissected.\"Bodies received by MGM Medical CollegeYear Number of bodies donated2008 032009 01 (unclaimed)2010 002011 012012 02 (till May)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13694251", "title": "V-Guard to double capacity at Uttaranchal cable factory", "text": "KOCHI: Electronics products major V-Guard Industries Ltd (VGIL) plans to double capacity at its house wiring and cable factory in Kashipur in Uttaranchal from 2.75 lakh coils to 5.50 lakh coils a month. The company has set aside capex of Rs 25 crore for fiscal 2013, of which Rs 15 crore will be invested in ramping up capacity at the Kashipur plant.Besides Kashipur, VGIL operates a house wiring and cable lining production centre at Chavadi near Coimbatore. Chavadi also has a solar water heater production facility and a low-tension cable factory. A second solar water heater manufacturing plant is also coming up at Perundurai near Erode.\"Rs 3 crore will be spent out of our capex allocation to set up a warehousing facility at Perundurai on five acres of land. We are also actively scouting for warehousing locations for our entire range of products in Kochi and surrounding areas,\" VGIL MD Mithun Chittilappilly said.During the last fiscal, VGIL was focusing on ramping up and growing its storage, distribution and sales network for its non-stabilizer products like wiring cables, solar water heaters and pumps, which now make up roughly 80% of its annual turnover. Wiring cables alone accounted for Rs 206.05 crore, or 28.4% of VGIL's total revenues of Rs 726.34 crore in fiscal 2011. The share is expected to be much higher in fiscal 2012.On the company's foray into the domestic switchgear market, which includes Earth Leakage Circuit Breakers (ELCBs), Mithun said a pilot project had been carried out in central Kerala prior to launching the switchgear and ELCBs. \"The response in central Kerala has been positive and we will launch the product in north and south Kerala in the next six months, before expanding to the north Indian markets,\" Mithun said. VGIL expects the nascent switchgear business to contribute Rs 10 crore to the company's top line in fiscal 2013. It is currently developing a supply chain and sensitizing prospective vendors to various quality issues before enlisting them into its switchgear dealer network.\"We have outsourced the manufacturing to three facilities in Hyderabad and Jalgaon in Maharashtra. A third vendor will roll out switchgear for us out of Uttaranchal. Outsourcing the manufacturing process offers us savings on excise duty of upto 10%,\" Mithun said.VGIL entered the growing market for induction cookers this month and is in talks with vendors to manufacture induction cookers in India. In fiscal 2013, the company aims to sell over 50,000 cook tops. The company is targeting a turnover of Rs 100 crore from the kitchen appliances segment in the next four years.\"Right now, 90% of the product is imported. We are talking to a few vendors and scouting for a suitable manufacturing location, preferably in Haridwar. However, nothing has been finalized yet,\" Mithun said.VGIL posted 34.72% increase in net profit after tax during the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2012, to Rs 19.17 crore from Rs 14.23 crore a year ago. Net sales during the period increased 24.3% to Rs 276.46 crore from Rs 222.35 crore a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696182", "title": "Brief respite: BS Yeddyurappa puts split-party plan on hold", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa seems to have been won over by the attendance of BJP's top brass at his granddaughter's wedding and may not pursue his idea of damaging the party.With party's bigwigs Narendra Modi , Nitin Gadkari , Arun Jaitley , Rajnath Singh and Dharmendra Pradhan coming to Bangalore for a few hours for the reception, Yeddyurappa appears to have deferred his plans. Their presence sent a message to BJP patriarch L K Advani, who along with HN Ananth Kumar didn't attend the ceremony, that the former Karnataka CM is still important to the party, despite his recent outburst against central leaders.The presence of BJP bosses comes after Gadkari reportedly telephoned the former CM to attend the national executive meeting in Mumbai last week. Responding to this, Yeddyurappa rushed to Mumbai and used the opportunity to invite all the leaders for the wedding.The beleaguered Lingayat leader was sulking after the party snubbed him following his imprisonment. He attempted to create trouble for the Sadanada Gowda government and also threatened to break the party. However, every time he has stepped back for want of numbers. Yeddyurappa even went to the extent of opening a new office, hinting that he's on the threshold of quitting the party.There's speculation that the Yeddyurappa camp has urged party leaders to replace Gowda with rural development panchayat raj (RDPR) minister Jagadish Shettar so that Lingayat votes can be consolidated. A senior minister loyal to the former CM told TOI around six ministers had demanded that Pradhan consider Shettar's candidature.Sources in the BJP said Pradhan ignored them and reportedly said Gowda was Yeddyurappa's nominee and the party cannot make changes at the whims and fancies of individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695353", "title": "Leopard goes to Mumbai film city, shoot packs up", "text": "MUMBAI: A leopard strayed into a set at Film City, located on the fringes of Sanjay Gandhi National Park, and triggered chaos on Thursday evening. The episode called for an abrupt 'pack-up' of the ongoing shoot of a television series.Some of the spot boys on the set did inform forest guards in the vicinity, however, the leopard had quickly disappeared into the thick wilderness after satisfying its curiosity.While the chief conservator of forests at SGNP, Sunil Limaye, said though he did not get any formal intimation about the incident, efforts were being carried out to check if the big cat was still prowling around Film City or not.Limaye said places like Film City and Aarey Colony are located close to the main forest area, which is why wild animals often cross over to these locations. They have asked the locals to be alert.The forest veterinarian, Dr Vinaya Jangle, said, \"We have sent a few officials to the film set to see if there are any leopard cubs somewhere nearby. Normally, female leopards hide their young ones in tiny holes or corners. No one has been injured in this incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13693751", "title": "Check role of CPM leaders on jail board: Union minister", "text": "KANNUR: The jail visit of CPM leaders in Kannur has sparked off a new controversy with Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal calling the state home department to check if CPM members in the jail advisory board are misusing their powers.\"Unlike other political parties, the CPM often nominated their top leaders to this post,\" he said hinting that the party's interest in the jail is mainly because many CPM workers are lodged there.Talking to the media on the sidelines of a function here on Thursday, on the occasion of the World No Tobacco Day, he said the two recent visits of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan to the Kannur jail was to meet the convicts lodged there.He also said that the party leadership is tense as the names of many CPM leaders are coming up in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. He added the allegations of third degree torture against the SIT are meant to weaken the probe.He also said that Union minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramachandran is showing interest in the case because it happened in his Lok Sabha constituency.Terming the revelations by CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani about the party's role political murders as serious, he said if some CPM leaders were subjected to brain mapping that would unravel the conspiracy behind many political murders.He also demanded that all the political murders in Kannur and Kasargod should be re-investigated.He alleged that the majority of murder cases in the region remain unsolved as people are afraid to give any statement against CPM leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13696479", "title": "Poaching not possible without locals' help: Raj Thackeray", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray wound up his two-day visit to Chandrapur on Thursday claiming that he had come here out of his love for wildlife and would play no politics over it. \"I will gather more details on the issue. One cannot reach to a conclusion within a day. But, poaching of tigers could not be carried out without the help of locals. The information and the assistance extended by local villagers have facilitated the poachers to kill the tigers here,\" he said.He held that he had seen what he had read about the problem related to forest and tigers, during his visit to Tadoba. Expressing concern over the poaching of tigers he said that tigers are not the issue of politics but matter of faith.Thackeray had begun his tour on Wednesday and visited the spot where a tiger was poached near Gondmohadi. He went to Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve and visited Jamni village which will be rehabilitated soon. \"My love for animals is not new. I am concerned about them and hence I am here in Chandrapur even in 47 degrees Celsius. And I don't play politics in every issue,\" Thackeray said.He also took a dig at political leaders for their apathy towards tiger deaths. \"If they can call for countrywide bandh against hike in petrol price, then why can't they stage similar bandh for tigers? They are more interested in grabbing the land and have no concern for tigers,\" he charged. He held that many foreign countries are very sensitive about their wildlife and environment, where as in India there is little concern.Thackeray agreed that lethargy on the part of forest department could be a reason for poaching. \"Government has lost the sense of responsibility. A major part of funds is expended on urban development. The officers sent to such places for protection of tigers and forests are victims of transfer punishment. What could be expected from them? Department lacks the trained staff and officers are after their kitty in new recruitments,\" he said. Thackeray also criticized the department for not considering the views of the NGOs engaged in wildlife conservation.He said that he understands the gravity of the issue and has faith in wildlife protection. \"I shall come up with my move on this issue at appropriate time. At that time I will not speak, but act,\" Thackeray said. He interacted with different NGO activists and took details of tiger related problems, forest fires, pollution concerns etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696775", "title": "Court notice to actors Sarath Kumar, Radha Ravi", "text": "CHENNAI: A city civil court has issued notice to actors Radha Ravi, general secretary, and R Sarath Kumar, president, South Indian Artistes Association (SIAA), on a petition by S Murugan regarding the association's elections scheduled for June 10.Saravanan P, assistant judge, city civil court, who is the vacation judge during the recess, ordered the notice returnable by June 5. In his petition, Murugan, who was nominated as an executive member of the association, said SIAA was formed in 1952 to promote the welfare of south Indian artists. The petition contended that election officer Peeraisudar, appointed to oversee the election of office-bearers for 2012 to 2015, was biased.Though the current office-bearers complete their term in July 2012, the SIAA general secretary and president had hurriedly announced the election in contravention to the existing laws of of the Tamil Nadu Society Act, he said. He sought an interim injunction to restrain the actors and their associates from acting as office-bearers until the results are announced. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13701133", "title": "Few unknown facts about Kabaddi Once Again", "text": "Kabaddi Once Again is a futuristic movie and dream project of ace director Sukhminder Dhanjal. This is the first Punjabi Film in the Punjabi cinema history who has many firsts associated with it.It is the first Punjabi movie featuring a world famous Punjabi body builder Varinder Singh Ghumman as a lead actor. He is the second sports personality who got a chance to show his musle power in Punjabi cinema. First person was Dara Singh a world famous wrestler.It is the first Punjabi movie in which hero is inspired by heroin's (played by Sudeepa Singh ) mocking attitude towards his dreams, to conquer the world through his passion for sports.It is the first Punjabi Film which has Special effects designed by Digi Quest , a company famous for its work in Hollywood Movie Lord of the Rings and also for Rajnikant's Robot.Not only special effects department there is another department which has a unique credit. Kabaddi Once Again would be first punjabi film with 7.1 Sound editing done by 4 frames, Hyderabad, a sound studio of Priyadarsans Company which is used by A.R. Rehman for his recordings.It is the first Punjabi movie, which unviels the Kabaddi Once Again is a futuristic movie and dream project of ace director Sukhminder Dhanjal. This is the first Punjabi Film in the Punjabi cinema history who has many firsts associated with it.It is the first movie showing Kabaddi Matches played on Astroturf, which is rare in Punjabi while in western world only few matches are played on Astroturf. Though it is expected that it will be common play ground of Kabaddi in future.It is the first sports based movie produced by a Sports promoter and sponsor Harjinder Singh Dhanoa.So if you want to be the first to watch all these firsts of Punjabi cinema, do not forget to book your tickets in advance. Hurry up!!! Do not take risk to miss the chance.Source: justpanjabi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695454", "title": "Rajasthan weather: Mercury goes further up, Churu sizzles at 48.7 C", "text": "JAIPUR: There was no respite from scorching heat conditions in the state as the heat wave only intensified. Churu remained the hottest place recording a maximum temperature of 48.7 degrees Celsius, Met reports said on Thursday.In fact, residents too had their hottest day of May on Thursday as the temperature rose to 45.2 degrees Celsius, almost 3 degrees above the normal maximum temperature, Met reports said on Thursday. Even the minimum temperature was 30.5 degrees Celsius, almost four degrees above the normal maximum temperature.Following the 'Bharat Bandh' call given by BJP, people confined themselves to their homes and offices. In the evening, many thronged shopping malls, ice-cream parlours and juice corners to beat the heat. Met office said that the heat wave conditions may further intensify in the state as the mercury is expected to take an upward swing in the next couple of days. Churu was followed by Dholpur which witnessed a maximum temperature of 48.4 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 47, Bikaner 46.8, Kota 46.3, Pilani 45.5, Vanasthali 45.4, Ajmer and Jaisalmer 43.9 each, Barmer 42.8, Barmer 42.5 and Udaipur recorded a maximum temperature of 40.6 degree celsius. The ongoing spell of blistering heat has increased the water scarcity in the state and has increased the power consumption. It has also taken a toll on human and animal lives as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696009", "title": "School kids to learn to make handicrafts in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has collaborated with the organization Jan Shiksha Saunsthan, linked with the union ministry of human resource development, to train over 22,000 girls in Classes VII and VIII in making of jute bags, candles, imitation jewellery and glass and nib painting. Boys from socially backward sections in four talukas will also be trained in the repair of home appliances.\"We have received a grant of 67 lakh from the central government for the training of the girls, which will be completed during the current academic year. The training will be imparted in the schools and a separate schedule will be drawn up for the purpose,\" Goa SSA project director Farell Furtado said.She said the programme will also serve as basis for future employment avenues. \"The programme's objective is to instill a love for art and craft work in the girls and provide opportunities for artistic expression as also potential for creating means of self-employment. It will also help foster an early spirit of entrepreneurship skills in children who are aesthetically gifted,\" Furtado said.A skill development programme will be undertaken for boys from the scheduled tribes, scheduled castes, other backward classes and the minority communities for which the state has been granted 4.50 lakh by the central government. \"Boys from classes VII and VIII will be trained in maintenance and repair of home appliances, as well as glass and nib painting, under the same programme by the Jan Shiksha Sansthan in Goa. It is an organization under the aegis of the Prabodhan Education Society that conducts short-term skills development programme for the union human resource development ministry,\" Furtado said.A total of 1,500 boys-892 in south Goa and 608 in north Goa-are expected to be trained under the programme, mainly in the Canacona, Quepem, Sanguem and Sattari tribal belts. \"We want to create a love for work and imbibe technical skills in the boys. It will help develop in them a flair and aptitude for technical work early on,\" Furtado said.While the jute bag making course will be of a 30-day duration, candle and imitation jewellery-making will be courses stretched across 10 days each. Glass and nib painting will be taught over 30 days to the students and the course for maintenance and repair of home appliances for boys only will be of an equal duration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699083", "title": "Manam Kothi Paravai to hit screens today", "text": "The Sivakarthikeyan starrer Manam Kothi Paravai under Ezhil's direction is due to hit the screens on Friday.The movie being an rom com has debutant Aathmiya as the female lead. The movie has Ilavarasu, Soori, Singam Puli, Srinath, Chams and Kishore in supporting roles. An elated Siva Karthikeyan says that he plays the role of a youngster who has done his diploma and the story revolves on his characterization who exaggerates issues and spells silly lies which take a toll on him posing a big problem. The actor is pretty confident that the audience would enjoy each and every frame of the film and it would take him to the next level in his career. Written and directed by Ezhil, the movie has music scored by D.Imman. Cinematography by Suraj Nallusamy and editing by Gopi.Source : Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695122", "title": "CBI files chargesheet against Babu Singh Kushwaha in NRHM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Thursday filed a chargesheet against former family welfare minister of UP Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam. Kushwaha is already behind bars.The chargesheet was filed in Rs 13.4 crore allotted to Construction Design Services (C&DS;) -- a subsidiary construction agency of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam -- for upgrade of 134 district hospitals under the scheme. It is alleged that C&DS; gave the task to Ghaziabad-based and Lucknow-based private firms on the basis of forged documents. This caused an approximate loss of Rs 5.46 crore to the government exchequer, the CBI chargesheet said. Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam general manager P K Jain, former project manager B N Srivastava and former resident engineer B N Ram have also been named in the chargesheet.The CBI also accused Kushwaha and Jaiswal of taking a bribe of Rs 9 crore to buy surgical instruments from Surgicoin Pvt Ltd and named the firm's Naresh Grover in the chargesheet. The CBI found that all the equipment provided by Surgicoin were sub-standard. All the accused persons have been charged with cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy.The agency had found during investigation that Kushwaha had given the go-ahead for giving the contract to Surgicoin. Kushwaha had defended himself claiming that he was not in a position to finalize the decisions about allocation of funds and work being assigned to companies and added that there were two core committees for it and he was not the head of either committee.He had told the court that then UP chief minister Mayawati was the head of one committee and another was headed by the state chief secretary and that Mayawati's decision was the final one. He had denied that he ever allocated funds for any work in NRHM.The agency has arrested 21 persons so far in the NRHM scam and has registered over 13 FIRs. Former principal secretary Pradeep Shukla has also been arrested in the scam. It is expected to register at least three more cases soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702720", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha's cousin enters Tollywood", "text": "Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha's cousin Bhavna Ruparel is all poised to make her Telugu cinema debut. Bhavnawillbe facing the camera from November but did not reveal any other details of her film. \"I'm doing a Telugu film, which starts in November and I got this offer through Face Book\", said Bhavna.The upcoming actress went for the auditioning and then got selected for the Telugu movie. Prod Bhavna Ruparel on what prompted her sign the film, the actress says that she's very impressed with the script and her role. \"This was the first ever offer for a full-fledged acting debut that I received. I liked the script and my role and hence I gave my nod\", Bhavna said.The 23-year-old is not new to camera as she earlier played a few cameos in films like \"Na Tum Jaano Na Hum\" (as a child artist), walked the ramp and also featured in few commercials. Bhavna states that she also has a few Hindi projects in the pipeline, although she hasn't signed any film yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13695947", "title": "Exhibition of maths lab equipment draws huge crowd", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Scores of mathematics teachers from different schools across the city gathered at the SMV Model Higher Secondary School here to have a look at the maths lab equipment designed by the Centre for Educational Research and Training (CERT) on Thursday.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb inaugurated the one-day exhibition in which as many as 180 maths lab equipment targeting students from primary to higher secondary classes were displayed.\"We thought it was essential to develop more interest among the students towards the subject and these models will help them in grasping and understanding various mathematical concepts and theorems,\" said state resource group member of State Council for Educational Research and Training, Kerala (SCERT) V Chandransekharan Pillai who designed the models.Some of the models comprise 'number strings' for the lower primary students for the basic lessons in counting, models to figure out HCF, LCM, concept of volume, linear pairs and congruency of triangles for the upper primary students. The secondary or the high school has the most number of models that would help students have a better insight on their geometry chapters.\"I am disappointed that I couldn't bring along other teachers and my students for the exhibition since its vacation time. They have missed something wonderful,\" says Radhamani S, a maths teacher of Nizamia Public School, Pothencode.Headmaster of SMV School A K Sadananda Chettiyar too aired similar opinion. \"We would make our children grasp the models here so that they can craft better working models to contribute to their school,\" said the headmaster. \"Besides, they would learn the subject better if they make such models,\" he added.However, M Jaseentha from St Anthony's U P school felt that a demonstration regarding the working of the lab items would have been helpful. \"Sometimes you get lost as how to make certain models work. It would have helped us if they had arranged a demo too,\" she said.Government U P School, Chettikulangara has purchased some of the items, said CERT officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695414", "title": "Man dupes friend of Rs 32 lakh, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police on Wednesday arrested a 27-year-old man for allegedly siphoning off Rs 32 lakh that his friend, a jeweller, had given him to keep it safely for a night.Sudarshan Kurup's (44) fear of losing the huge amount of money turned to be true when the accused, Nitin Nikam, refused to acknowledge the fact that the money was kept with him. Nikam further threatened the complainant with dire consequences.Kurup, a jeweller, has been staying in a rented house at Kokan Nagar in Bhandup (west) for the past few months after he had a dispute with his wife, who stays in Ulhasnagar. Kurup had got the Rs 32 lakh after he sold off 2 kg iridium.In his complaint, Kurup said, \"I sold 2 kg iridium at Zaveri Bazar and received Rs 32 lakh. I was scared to go alone to strike the deal since it involved huge money. Since I trusted Nikam, I took him along. I did not think he would dupe me. The monetary transaction was done on May 26. As I stay in a rented house, I was afraid that the money would be stolen. On May 29, I asked Nikam to keep the money with him and told him that I will collect it on May 30 to deposit it in the bank,\" he said.However, when Kurup went to Nikam's house at Utkarsh Nagar in Bhandup (west) on Wednesday to take the money, Kurup declined having any money.\"Instead of returning the money, Nikam threatened Kurup with dire consequences and claimed that he did not have any money. During interrogation, Nikam has confessed that he had used the money to clear the debts that he owed to other people,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Police officials said that in the course of investigation, it was also revealed that in the past, Nikam was involved in other crime cases in Bhandup. The police are putting together the number and types of cases that Nikam has been involved in. Nikam has been booked for cheating and breach of trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698704", "title": "Farah Khan all praise for Madhuri Dixit", "text": "On Wednesday Madhuri Dixit took over the first-look function of Shirin Farhad Ki To Nikal Padi when she appeared in a figure-hugging red-dress which made the other two ladies at the venue director Bela Sehgal and leading lady Farah Khan see red...literally.Says a friend of Farah and Bela, \"Both the ladies couldn't believe at how slim Madhuri looked. They both threatened to leave the event immediately.\"Madhuri who has lost oodles of weight and is according to Sanjay Leela Bhansli looking younger than during her Hum Aaapke Hain Hain Koun days, wowed everyone with her presence. Farah Khan who has done a take-off on Madhuri Dixit's Hum Aaapke Hain Koun look in Shirin Farad Ki Toh Nikal Padi couldn't believe what she saw when she came face-to-face with the Dixit.Laughs Farah, \"I was the only one talking to Madhuri. When Sanjay Bhansali and Boman Irani saw what she looked like they lost their tongue. She looked stunning.\" Madhuri apparently loved the Koun act. And told Farah it was her fantasy to see Farah wearing the famous purple saree from Sooraj Barjatya's film.Says Farah appreciatively, \"Yeah, she said that. She was tooo sweet. She laughed non-stop whole watching the trailer of my film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13696042", "title": "Jailbird in police custody yet again", "text": "MARGAO: A jailbird who spent over 12 years of his life behind bars on charges of stealing, landed yet again in police custody when the Margao police arrested Mahadev Tukaram Patil, 49, after being found with a mixer that was stolen from an electrical appliances showroom from Mapusa.Patil, originally from Miraj, is a resident of Curti, Ponda, but has probably spent more days in police lock-ups and jails then at home.\"He admits to have committed over a 1,000 thefts. Though the number seems to be unbelievably high, he must definitely have committed over 500 crimes, most of them have gone unreported. On being released after serving time in prison, within hours he would commit another theft and be back into the police lock-up,\" Dy SP Mohan Naik told reporters, adding that the accused has been in this \"occupation\" for the last 30 years, ever since he was a juvenile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694666", "title": "HC suspends CBI court judge", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh High Court on Thursday night placed T Pattabhirama Rao, the first additional special judge for CBI cases under suspension after duly considering some secret information it received against the judge.It was felt necessary to keep him under suspension in public interest with immediate effect, the HC registrar general said in an order that was released.Pattabhirama Rao was appointed CBI court judge a few weeks ago. He had dealt with only a few cases.While he rejected bail to IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, an accused in the illegal mining scam, he granted the relief to Gali Janardhan Reddy, the key accused in the case.The HC, however, stayed his decision later following an appeal by the CBI.While suspending Pattabhi, the HC which launched disciplinary proceedings against him under Rule 8(1) of the AP civil services (CC&A;) Rules, 1991, ordered him not to leave Hyderabad without obtaining prior permission from it.A Pullaiah, the principal special judge of the CBI court, was given the full additional charge of the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694770", "title": "Students 'defy' bandh,appear at Super 30 test", "text": "PATNA: Bharat bandh on Thursday proved no deterrent to more than 5,000 examinees who took Super 30's entrance test conducted for selection of candidates for preparation for IIT-JEE. Super 30 founder and math wizard Anand Kumar provides free coaching, lodging and fooding to successful candidates from the weaker sections of society and poor, and has a very high success rate.The examination was held in shifts at the Bankipore Girls High School, with the examinees from different parts of Bihar and the neighbouring states including Uttar Pradesh reaching there against heavy odds. Anand was himself supervising the test. Those who arrived late at the examination venue due to the bandh were allowed to take the test in the next shift.Anand told TOI that the registered students for the Super 30 examination, who could not appear at the test on Thursday due to bandh would be allowed to appear at another test to be specially conducted on June 13.A differently-abled IIT aspirant, Amarjeet Kushwaha, from Gorakhpur was carried by his father on his shoulder. Seeing the determination of the boy, Anand decided to induct him in Super 30.Another aspirant, Sunny Kumar said he left Ramnagar in West Champaran by train to reach Hajipur where he could not get bus or autorickshaw for Patna due to bandh. Then, his relatives arranged a car to help him reach the Super 30 test centre in Patna, he said, adding that he had laboured hard to prepare for the test.Priyanka Kumari, who is daughter of a schoolteacher at Maner, said she, along with her parents, hired an autorickshaw at different points from Maner to Danapur and from there to Digha and then to the test centre. The auto moved through lanes and avoided main roads where bandh supporters were agitating, to reach Patna.An examinee, Radheshyam, travelled from Allahabad by train, which was stopped by bandh supporters at Ara. Reaching Patna from there by changing autorickshaws was a tough task. Similar was the experience of many students, but they reached the centre as their adrenalin level was high to get success at the Super 30 test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695317", "title": "Rajendra Rathore's release makes it tough for Congress", "text": "JAIPUR: Even the staunchest of his supporters had not expected that Rajendra Rathore would be discharged in the Dara Singh case before the trial. No wonder the news of him being absolved and released by the court on Thursday struck his political rivals, especially the Congressmen.Congress state president Chandrabhan, who was then on his way to the party headquarters, changed his route midway and headed straight for chief minister Ashok Gehlot's residence, even though the latter was not in town. The waiting scribes at the PCC were told that some \"urgent briefing\" for the party president had just been received at the CM's residence and, thus, the change in his programme.There was an uneasy clam at the PCC all throughout the day, while Chandrabhan - who remains at the headquarters for most of the daytime whenever he is in town - changed his programme a couple of more times on Thursday before reaching around 6 pm. The uneasiness among senior Congressmen after the court verdict made it clear what the development meant for the party, which was already reeling under the ire of Jat and Bishnoi communities whose leaders are jailed in the Bhanwari Devi case.Like Rathore, both the Congress MLAs - Jat leader Mahipal Maderna and Bishnoi leader Malkhan Singh - have been alleging political vendetta as the \"real reason\" behind the CBI action against them. The two communities, therefore, appear to be sympathising with their respective leaders at the cost of the ruling party.Going on the same lines, the Rajput community, too, appeared taking a hostile stand against the Congress when Rathore was arrested in April. There were demonstrations and bandhs across the state in Rathore's support. Rajput leaders even within Congress, like Lokendra Singh Kalvi, openly opposed the CBI action, which was widely perceived as politically influenced.Chandrabhan, however, said, \"Neither the CM nor the Congress has anything to do with the case against Rathore. The Supreme Court is monitoring the case. We respect the lower court's verdict.\"Rathore, though, exploited the situation to the fullest. Soon after his release, the BJP MLA told party workers, \"After the arrest of Maderna and Malkhan, Gehlot attempted social engineering by sending me to jail on fake charges, especially pitching me against a particular community (Jat). But his game has been exposed, as the maximum support I received during my jail days was from the people of the same community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694641", "title": "Brain-dead trader's kidney saves life of 55-year-old", "text": "KOLKATA: After 16 years of making inroads into other parts of the country, cadaver transplant is gradually becoming a reality in the state. Following two successful cadaver transplants for kidneys at the SSKM Hospital in February, a private clinic in the city has recently achieved the feat by performing the critical surgery on two patients who were on dialysis and needed transplants to survive.Though, only one of the patients survived, the medical fraternity is happy with the beginning of the new clinical chapter in the state. The survivor is a 55-year-old man who got a fresh lease of life after he was transplanted with the kidney of a Nadia-based trader, who was declared brain-dead. The donor, Shravan Agarwal (47) from Nadia's Karimpur, had slipped into coma after suffering a brain haemorrhage. Agarwal was first brought to Woodlands Nursing Home on March 18 and stayed there on life support for seven days. Thereafter he was shifted to Bellevue Clinic.Lalit Agarwal, a senior nephrologist of the Woodlands Nursing Home, convinced the family members of Shravan that since the patient was brain-dead, his organs could be used to save others' lives. The nephrologist then contacted his counterpart V V Lakshminarayan at Apollo Gleneagles Hospitals (AGH) proposing the organ transplant. The family members were ready to donate two kidneys of the deceased. While a patient from Woodlands Hospital was one of the recipients, the other one was a renal failure patient undergoing treatment at Apollo Gleneagles Hospital.\"After getting Dr Agarwal's call in late March, we immediately swung into action. It was a rare situation. We hardly come across families of brain-dead patients who are ready to donate the organs of the deceased. We did not want to let the opportunity go,\" said Dr Lakshminarayan.After finalizing the two recipients, AGH approached the state health department. After completing all the formalities for the transplant, the team began the marathon surgery on the fateful day in April at around 6.30pm. The surgery continued till midnight.\"It just takes four doctors to certify brain-dead. Even as the Transplantation of Human Organ Act 1994 was adopted in the state in 1995, the health department had been dragging its feet on issuing license to hospitals to start cadaveric transplants. Even the panel of doctors who can certify brain-dead was drawn up in 2006, only to be cancelled again. Such dilly-dallying acted as a major hurdle. Now, we can look forward to many more such organ transplants,\" said Brojo Roy of Ganadarpan, an organization that coordinates body donation.After the life saving surgery, Ramesh Menon, one of the recipients, is suddenly feeling more energetic and happy.and nothing of his 52 years at all.The first time he got to know about his failing kidney was about seven years ago, which could be treated with medication and a special diet. But a motor bike accident about a year back changed everything. Ramesh had to be put on a routine dialysis.The only option left to him was a kidney transplant and the family started looking for a donor. A matching donor was hard to find and Menon's condition started deteriorating. This is when the miracle happened. Menon's nephrologists were networking among themselves for a possible deceased donor whose kidneys might match.\"I don't know what to say whenever I remember that day. I won't be able to give the details, of how the doctors and the family of the deceased connected but it happened within hours and almost immediately I was taken to the operation theatre in the dead of the night,\" said an emotional Menon.He returned from the hospital on Monday, nearly a month after the operation and the post operative care. \"Even if the operation is successful, the risk of infection is always there. So, patients are kept under observation. However, I am fine now. Though, I will have to go to the hospital for observation and tests twice a week for next six months,\" said Menon, a manager of indirect taxes at ABB.Though it is more than 16 years too late and we lag behind the rest of the country, it's a relief that cadaver transplant is gradually becoming a reality in the state. After two successful cadaver transplants for kidneys at the SSKM hospital in February, this time a private clinic performed the critical surgery on two patients who were on dialysis and needed a transplant to survive. Only one patient survived this time but the medical fraternity is happy at the beginning of this new clinical chapter in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13693786", "title": "Cops track down killer vehicle", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city police, on Thursday, traced the vehicle which knocked down a two-wheeler killing three children at Malaparamba on Sunday night. The vehicle was found abandoned at Muchukunnu near Koyilandy.According to the police, the Tata Super Ace belonged to one Riyas, a native of Koyilandy. The vehicle was located by a special police team led by traffic assistant commissioner Xavier Sebastian on Thursday evening. However, the police team is yet to locate the owner of the vehicle and the driver.It was on Sunday night that three children who were travelling on the bike of S Gopakumar were knocked down by the unknown vehicle. Two children Adarsh (7) and Gautham Krishna (10) had succumbed to injuries on the spot. Arathi (13) the third victim, died at the Medical College Hospital on Tuesday.Meanwhile, the city corporation has decided to convene a meeting with National Highway Authority of India, police and other officials to find a solution to prevent accidents at the Ramanattukara-Pooladikkunnu bypass stretch of NH 17.The meeting would discuss installation of street lights, high mast lights, traffic signals, sign boards and the construction of flyovers at the 23-kilometre stretch, said mayor. The residents' associations in the region have been demanding action for long citing the absence of street lights a major reason for accidents.The Nethaji Residents' Association also demanded the construction of speed breakers near the accident- prone areas in the bypass.However, district police chief G Sparjan Kumar and national highway authority officials said it is impossible to construct humps citing the court ruling against the construction of humps. Meantime, the officials and the corporation authorities assured to speed up the measures for the construction of fly overs at the accident prone areas.The residents, here, have been demanding the intervention of authorities as 17 lives were lost in accidents in the stretch Ramanattukara-Pooladikkunnu stretch the last year. Nine persons including children lost lives in the last five months, they said adding that majority of the accidents were taken place during night hours owing to the absence of streetlights on the bypass, which was opened for traffic 10 years ago.They also cited heavy volume of traffic on the bypass another reason for accidents. Large number of vehicles plying to and fro the Karipur Airport and the medical college over speed in the bypass causing accident, said the residents citing a reason for their demand to construct humps.It has also been decided to convene a meeting of all residents associations in the region to approach the authorities seeking their immediate intervention into the issue, said M P Anilkumar secretary of Nethaji Nagar residents association. We have already submitted memorandums to various departments, he added.The meeting commemorated three children Adarsh (7), Goutham Krishna (10) and Arathi (12), who were killed when an unidentified vehicle knocked down the two wheeler in which they were travelling.Kozhikode: The city corporation authorities will convene a meeting of National Highway Authority of India, police and other officials to find out a permanent solution to prevent accidents at the Ramanattukara-Pooladikkunnu bypass stretch of NH 17. Mayor A K Premajam assured to convene the meeting at the earliest, while addressing a meeting convened by Nethaji Residents' association to commemorate the death of three children in an accident near Thondayad.The meeting would discuss the installation of street lights, high mast lights, traffic signals, sign boards and the construction of flyovers at the 23-kilometre stretch, assured the Mayor. The residents' associations in the region have been demanding the installation of street lights for long citing the absence of lights a major reason for accidents.During the meeting, the residents' association members also cited the need for constructing speed breakers near the accident- prone areas in the bypass to avoid over speeding of vehicles. However, District Police Chief Kozhikode City G Sparjan Kumar and national highway authority officials said it is impossible to construct humps citing the court ruling against the construction of humps.Meantime, the officials and the corporation authorities assured to speed up the measures for the construction of fly overs at the accident prone areas.The residents, here, have been demanding the intervention of authorities as 17 lives were lost in accidents in the stretch Ramanattukara-Pooladikkunnu stretch the last year, said the office bearers of residents association. Nine persons including children lost lives in the last five months, they said adding that majority of the accidents were taken place during night hours owing to the absence of streetlights on the bypass, which was opened for traffic 10 years ago.They also cited heavy volume of traffic on the bypass another reason for accidents. Large number of vehicles plying to and fro the Karipur Airport and the medical college over speed in the bypass causing accident, said the residents citing a reason for their demand to construct humps.It has also been decided to convene a meeting of all residents associations in the region to approach the authorities seeking their immediate intervention into the issue, said M P Anilkumar secretary of Nethaji Nagar residents association. We have already submitted memorandums to various departments, he added.The meeting commemorated the three children Adarsh (7), Goutham Krishna (10) and Arathi (12), who were killed when an unidentified vehicle knocked down the two wheeler in which they were travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696120", "title": "Transporters call off strike", "text": "BANGALORE: With the Karnataka government extending the deadline for installation of speed governors to December 2012 for trucks and other commercial vehicles, the operators' associations called off their strike. They had threatened to stay off the roads from Thursday midnight.Home minister R Ashoka also said the issue of lifetime tax imposition on tourist vehicles worth more than Rs 10 lakh will be discussed in the assembly session in July.The Federation of Karnataka Lorry Owners and Association (FOKLOAA), under the aegis of the All India Motor Transport Congress, had called a strike from June 1. This meant 8.5 lakh commercial vehicles including trucks, private buses, taxis, cabs and vans would have been off the roads. Sources told TOI they were also forced to call off the strike by IT/BT companies in Bangalore who need private cabs to transport their employees.Transport commissioner T Sham Bhatt told TOI, \"The enforcement will now begin six months from now on older commercial vehicles. The manufacturers of speed governors should be ready with variation in models for different models of engines by then.\"The minister also assured they would negotiate the 15% lifetime tax imposed on tourist vehicles. This tax as per an earlier order would be levied on vehicles worth Rs 10 lakh or more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695470", "title": "HC seeks report from govt on compliance of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagjostic Techniques Act", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court has called for a report from the state government following allegations of non-compliance of the provisions of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagjostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act and also cautioned that its provisions are not violated.The order came on a PIL filed by Centre For Public Grievances, an organization, which alleged that the various provisions of PCPNDT Act are not being followed. \"It was also given out in the PIL that in a survey conducted in 2009, it was highlighted by government officials themselves that as many as 350 fake licences were issued in the name of 'genetic clinics' but when an effort was made to search those clinics, not a single clinic was found working. It also came up that six licenses were issued to one doctor alone and there were 15 fake licences in Jodhpur,\" said the counsel for petitioner.The petitioner contended that the Act was amended by the Union government and even the Supreme Court in 2009 asked the state government to take measures for compliance of the Act but no single step has been taken. Highlighting the non-compliance, the petitioner alleged that as per the provisions of the Act, there has to be a state supervisory board with minister in-charge of health and family welfare as its chairperson but the state government has assigned the job to a minister of state. Further, the board has not been properly constituted.It has also been given out that as per provisions of Section 16A, the meeting of the state board is mandatory to be held once in four months. But the board meeting have not been held after April 1, 2011 and only one meeting has been held in the past two years.It has also been given out that the advisory committee as per Section-17(6) is required to be constituted at the state level, district level and sub divisional level with eight members each. \"The state government constituted an advisory committee at the state-level by a notification dated 25.7.01 and according to this notification, four members will be nominated by the state government. But these four members have not been nominated by the government till today. The act is very powerful but the same has been made toothless with no effective machinery of which the court has taken cognizance,\" said Naina Saraf, advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13696188", "title": "China keen to learn agri conservation tech from Punjab", "text": "LUDHIANA: Though Chinese goods have thronged Indian market like anything and it is obviously not possible to match their production pace, but agriculture is one field where this neighbouring country is looking up to Punjab.China, which has vast agriculture fields available, wants to adopt India's crop diversification scheme and conservation agriculture technique.\"We have vast lands, which can be brought under crop cultivation, available in China. Punjab is a pioneer in agriculture and there are plenty of areas where we can learn from their past experience Though our hybrid technology is very good, we can learn new things in the field of conservation agriculture from this state,\" Li Chaosu, who had come here from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Sichuan in China, told TOI.Chaosu, a crop scientist, has come to Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) here to attend a two-week workshop on conversation agriculture.\"We consider Punjab as benchmark state in agriculture and want to learn from them. This is the only reason why I have come here. They (Punjabi farmers) practice advanced techniques and sophisticated machines. We would like to adopt similar industrialization model in Chinese agriculture,\" he added.Besides China and India, scientists from Iran , Afghanistan and Bangladesh are participating in the workshop.Dr M L Jat, senior cropping system agronomist, International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre (Delhi branch), (CIMMYT, Mexico), is coordinating the workshop.\"This is cross-border sharing of knowledge and ideas. Though our main focus is on conservation agriculture, which is the specialty of Indian farmers, we are also open to new ideas that are coming from other countries,\" Jat told TOI.The workshop included live demonstrations on actual fields, located inside PAU campus.Times news networkLudhiana: Afghanistan, which is currently struggling hard from various problems like terrorism, civil chaos and frequent US attacks, is also looking forward to Punjab to revive its agriculture.\"Our country is still not secure when it comes to food grain production and we have to import them from other countries. My visit to Ludhiana that is located in the heart of Punjab, the food bowl, is very productive and I have learned many advanced agricultural techniques here. These will be implemented in my home country,\" Abdul Qayyum, research officer, CIMMYT, who is based in Kabul, told TOI on the sidelines of the workshop on agriculture being held in PAU here.Qayyum said that in Afghanistan, the total area under agriculture is around 3.5 million hectares. About 1.2 million hectares are under wheat cultivation, of which one million hectare area is dependent on rain-fed irrigation.\"I have learned techniques of conservation agriculture here, but for that, we need to buy expensive machinery. Afghanistan is a poor country and currently we cannot afford to spend too much on machinery. We seek India's help in rehabilitation of agriculture infrastructure, irrigation and conservation agriculture,\" stated Qayyum.Qayyum said that his country is also looking to India for assistance to start a green revolution in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694323", "title": "West Bengal's bid to save clouded leopards", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal forest department will soon conduct a survey and explore the unknown territories in North Bengal that house the endangered Indian clouded leopards Neofelis nebulosa in North Bengal which stand the threat of becoming extinct soon.The shy and rare cat species has existed for several years now but no data is available internationally which describes its breeding, living or food habits. The phase two project on clouded leopards has been planned by the state forest department in collaboration with a Kolkata NGO that had conducted preliminary studies on this endangered cat species two years ago.Celebrated by the Indian government in postage stamps in 2005, loss of habitat and regular illegal poaching on a regular basis is the biggest threat to these nocturnal cats. In April, Assam police seized two skins of clouded leopards at a shop in Milan Bazar in Buxa district. In 2008 too, five such skins were seized at Jaigaon near the India-Bhutan border.\"We want to database the clouded leopards which have so long been neglected. We invited proposals and now the project on clouded leopards will soon be initiated at the Buxa Tiger Reserve where they have been sighted the most. We do not know much but there has been a reduction in their numbers since they are rarely seen now. We want to collect the data urgently so that we can protect them,\" said Dr R P Saini, field director of Buxa Tiger Reserve.During the 2010 survey at Neora Valley National Park, the city-based NGO Natural Environment and Wildlife Society found some basic information on clouded leopards in the 2010 survey at Neora Valley National Park. They waited five years for the forest department's sanction to initiate the second phase phase two of the project. \"We know about clouded leopards by what the locals in Darjeeling told. We needed funds and logistic help, so we requested the forest department. Though there is a captive breeding department for these clouded leopards in Seepahijala zoo in Assam, their natural history and behaviour in the wild is unknown to mankind. We want to find out everthing that can help protect these species from extinction,\" said Natural Environment and Wildlife Society secretary Biswajit Roy Cowdhury.The project will be a year-long survey. Known for being talented climbers, clouded leopards are medium-sized Asian cats found in North Bengal, Assam and neighbouring countries like Bangladesh, China, Bhutan , Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Taiwan, Vietnam and Thailand . They, clouded leopards, are protected under Schedule I of the Wild life Protection Act, 1972, which is the highest protection accorded to endangered wild animals in India. \"The study of wildlife is only 15 years old in India and these creatures are tough to study since they are nocturnal and need dense forests for survival. The WWF has come up with an estimated figure of 10,000 clouded leopards remaining in the world, but nothing has been done to help save them. We do not even know about their exact count or habitat in North Bengal,\" said Feroz Ahmed, a researcher with a Darjeeling based NGO Aranyak who has studied clouded leopards for 10 years now.Only two clouded leopards were radio-collared in 2009 which has not been of any help to the forest department. Besides clouded leopards, but the state forest department has shifted their focus from tigers, rhinoceros and wild elephants, and now they also wants to study and database the unknown flora and fauna of North Bengal. \"We have requested the Zoological Survey of India and Botanical Survey of India to conduct a study-based survey of all the flora and fauna in the North Bengalwildlife.There is much more waiting to be discovered,\" said Saini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13695165", "title": "Districts suffer Bharat bandh blues", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The steel city and its neighbouring industrial town, Adityapur, witnessed a near-total bandh on Thursday.Barring stray incidents of brawl between bandh supporters, shopkeepers and police, the dawn-to-dusk bandh called jointly by different political parties against steep price hike of petroleum products evoked a good response.In Mango, agitated BJP workers ransacked JSEB branch office, and vandalized two autorickshaws and a truck at different locations in the city. They also manhandled a petty shopkeeper in Kadma forcing him to obey their diktat. \"The bandh is cent percent successful. I thank the society at large for extending immense support in making it a complete success,\" said BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami who rode on a rickshaw to some distance to highlight the plight of the commoners in the wake of petrol price hike.The railways, however, remained largely unaffected by the bandh with all long-distance trains travelling through Tatanagar on schedule. \"Only a passenger train (Tatanagar-Badampahar) was detained by bandh activists for half an hour at two places on the route,\" said Tatanagar station manager Ravi Chaudhary.The inter-city passenger buses to neighbouring states of Bihar, Odisha and Bengal, were largely hit with most of the buses staying off the road for the day. \"By and large, the bandh is peaceful with no major incident of law and order disturbance,\" said city police superintendent Ajay Linda.According to the police, hundreds of bandh activists were taken into preventive custody only to be released later in the evening. Normal business was out of gear for the day in Adityapur with the BJP and JMM workers ensuring a near-total bandh.Bokaro: NDA and Left workers appeared to sympathize with liquor shops of the city during the call for bandh and allowed them to function normally. This despite medicine shops, grocery store, fruit juice vendors, roadside dhabas, restaurants, hotels, petrol pumps and even betel shops being forced to close down. Normal life across the district was, however, badly affected. The agitators paralyzed traffic on NH-23, NH-32 and other important roads of the city for several hours by sitting on roads and blocking it at several points, including Naya More, Garga Bridge, Telgadia and other areas. However, commercial vehicles, buses not moving on the road have brought huge difficulty.About the open liquor shops, BJP district president Rohitlal Singh said the bandh was successful. They tried to close down the liquor shops in Sector-IX and other areas, but the vendors did not down their shutters.Ramgarh: The bandh totally paralyzed coal dispatch to various industrial destinations by rail and road from all four areas of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in Ramgarh district as no coal-laden rake was dispatched from Argada, Barka-Sayal, Kuju and Rajrappa. Coal dispatch from Ramgarh to local industrial destinations, including Tenughat Thermal Power Station (TTPS) in Bokaro and Patratu Termal Power Station (PTPS) of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB), by road was also paralyzed.CCL's Argada area general manager Anil Kumar Jha said no rake to industrial destination of various states of the country was sent due to bandh which caused a huge financial loss to CCL and railways. \"We have stopped rake loading on Thursday following bandh as it was understood that the rakes might be stopped by the bandh supporters and to avoid any further loss of property management had decided not to dispatch coal rakes on Thursday,\" Jha said.However, coal production in these four areas was normal as bandh supporters did not protest it.Garhwa: The nationwide bandh called by the NDA and Left evoked total response in Garhwa as almost all business establishments remained closed. Buses, trucks, four-wheelers and autorickshaws did not ply. Transportation of bauxite from Chhattisgarh to Garhwa was also badly hit during the bandh as trucks carrying bauxite did not ply resulting in loss of crores of rupees. CPI(ML) supporters detained Tata-Jammu Tawi Express at Nagar Untari station for about half an hour. They also detained a link express and a goods train for half an hour. At least 25 CIP (ML) supporters were picked up by police.Sindri: The bandh evoked near-total response in Sindri and its adjoining areas. While shopkeepers and business establishments kept their shutters down on their own, commercial vehicles remained off the road causing huge inconvenience to the commuters. Bandh supporters forced local branches of banks, post offices and colleges to close their business for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700475", "title": "Can't wait to celebrate with my son: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "After notching his fifth world championship, Viswanathan Anand told us in an exclusive telephonic chat that he was really missing his son Akhil...Congratulations are pouring in from all quarters for fifth time World Champ, Viswanathan Anand, who's accepting the accolades graciously in Moscow as his phone is constantly engaged. But, Vishy manages to squeeze some time for an exclusive chat with us. What follows is a pleasant conversation, seedhe dil se...So, you have decided to make an unbreakable record of multiple championships... (Laughs) I really don't look at the tournaments, keeping records in mind. For me, each game is a new challenge, which has to be dealt with rationally and systematically. At that time, every other thought fades into oblivion.This tourney saw many draws. Did you ever have those teeny-weeny thoughts of niggling doubts? It was certainly a tough match and I was aware that it could go anywhere. One little fault and things could go out of my hand. But then, I looked beyond those niggling thoughts and focused all my energies on the game , and I'm glad it paid off.To whom do you dedicate this win? A win is a win, which is about that particular moment. So, I have never really dedicated it to anyone formally. But yes , it's the support of my family, friends and support team, which has played a major role.Was your son Akhil with you in Russia ? No, he's back home with his grandparents. In fact it's been weeks since my wife Aruna and I saw him. So, right now the reigning thought in my mind is to go back home and celebrate life and my win with Akhil. Both of us are now impatient to get back to him and spend time with him. We never left him alone for so long.And what role has Aruna played in this win? She's been an inspiration for me. She manages my entire schedule and takes care of all the mundane and major problems, so that I can focus on my game. This was a tough tournament but Aruna's serene presence had a calming influence, which helped a great deal.You have notched another amazing victory, but your Chennai Team lost the IPL. Any words of solace for skipper MS Dhoni? So what if Chennai lost! At least they reached the finals! I'm sure Dhoni will notch many more victories in the coming season.You had told us sometime back, that Madhuri Dixit is your fave actress. Now that she's back in B'town, would you be game, if you are offered a film opposite her? (Grins) Of course, I will be game, but I will have to stay in India for that period. So, I really hope there are no tournaments around if such a project is ever finalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696716", "title": "Conductor held for sexual assault in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: This BMTC conductor used his bagful of tickets to sexually assault women. He befriended women passengers by issuing tickets without collecting the fare, took them to desolate places and sexually assaulted them before robbing them of their valuables.Following a complaint from a woman victim, Yeshwantpur police arrested Siddartha Veeraiah, a resident of Chikkasandra and native of Anaji in Davanagere.Police suspect that the accused might have even raped several of his victims.Siddartha was appointed as a BMTC conductor in 2007 on a permanent basis and is the father of two children, police said. \"He seems to be a sex maniac. He has confessed to have molested victims at desolates places like Jnanabharathi, Hesaraghatta and Kengeri,\" investigating police officers said.\"The woman who came to us accused him of attempt to rape . We have to investigate and question other victims ,\" they said . Siddartha worked as a conductor in depot numbers 17, 07, 08 and 30 . \"He usually worked on Yeshwantpur-Majestic and Mathikere-Majestic routes ,\" police added.How the accused landed in the netThe accused had promised Mallika (name changed) he would get her a woman conductor's job in BMTC.\"Mallika gave him photocopies of her degree marks cards. On May 15, the accused asked her to drop by at the Yeshwantpur BMTC bus terminal. He took her to an empty room and attempted to rape her,\" police said. After Mallika put up stiff resistance, Siddartha snatched her gold chain and fled from the spot after locking the woman up in the room. Mallika managed to get out of the room by alerting passersby and later filed a complaint with Yeshwantpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696868", "title": "CM, governor laud Viswanathan Anand", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , Governor K Rosaiah and DMK president M Karunanidhi have hailed Viswanathan Anand for retaining the world chess title for a fifth time.\"I am glad to learn that you have won the world chess title for the fifth time and fourth time consecutively. You have won this much deserved title after intense nerve racking rapid tie-breaker games and proved your prowess in rapid and blitz chess. You have brought laurels both to Tamil Nadu and India,\" said Jayalaithaa. The governor extolled the feat by Anand.Karunanidhi recalled that during his regime, the government had given a cash award of 25 lakh to the chess champion when he won the second title at Mexico in 2007. DMDK president Vijayakanth also praised the grandmaster. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695023", "title": "Rare appearance of Venus next week", "text": "PUNE: Enthusiasts must not miss Wednesday's Transit of Venus as the rare celestial event will not occur till December 11, 2117. That is 105 years away.Venus, the second closest planet to the sun, will be directly between the sun and the earth and the transit will be visible in India from sunrise till 10.30 am. The planet will be seen as a black dot moving across the face of the sun.\"A transit is an astronomical event in which two astronomical bodies come in one straight line, like a total solar eclipse. In a solar eclipse, the apparent size of the moon is much larger than that of the sun. This causes the sun to be completely blocked by the moon. In case of a transit, the apparent size of the object coming between the observer and the object in the background is much smaller,\" Arvind Paranjpye, director of Nehru Planetarium in Mumbai, said.Paranjpye added that when Venus comes between the sun and the earth, its apparent size, as seen from the earth, is about 30 times smaller than that of the sun.\"As a result, an observer on the earth sees the disk of Venus being projected on the disk of the sun. This is called the Transit of Venus,\" Paranjpye added.The Transit of Venus comes in a pair, separated by eight years. \"The last transit of Venus was seen on June 8, 2004. The pair repeats at intervals of 105.5 years and 121.5 years. The next pair of transits will take place after 105 years, on December 11, 2117 and December 8, 2125. The last pair appeared 121 years ago on December 9, 1874 and December 6, 1882,\" added Paranjpye.Dibrugarh in Assam , where the sun will rise at 4.15 am, will be the first Indian city to witness the transit. Nehru Planetarium will webcast the event live.City-based National Centre for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA, Pune) will publish a graphic comic about the history and the science associated with the Transit of Venus.The story behind this event has been illustrated by Reshma Barve. This work has been translated into more than 10 Indian and foreign languages including Marathi, Hindi, Tamil, Gujarati, Bengali, Kannada, Telugu, French, Spanish, and Italian, among others.The PDF files of these comics have also been made, while a few English and Marathi copies have been printed for distribution among schools.Since the early 1600s, astronomers knew the distances between various planets and the sun only in terms of the Earth-Sun distance. The most accurate method available to determine the value of the Earth-Sun distance in km was by accurately timing the moment Venus entered or left the disk of the Sun. Astronomers from many countries tried to do so in 1761, 1769, 1874 and 1882 with great difficulty.This comic describes the story through cartoons, and leads up to the 2012 event. It explains the current motivation for observing this event and ends with a number of ways for us to safely observe the transit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694750", "title": "DNA lab in Hyderabad awaits N D Tiwari\u2019s blood sample", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics laboratory in Hyderabad will carry out DNA test on blood samples collected from the former governor of Andhra Pradesh N D Tiwari.According to sources the sophisticated laboratory located at Moazzam Jahi Market is awaiting the blood samples of Tiwari, his alleged son Rohit Sekhar and his mother Ujjwala Sharma. They also informed that the DNA test would be carried out under the supervision of CDFD director Dr J Gowrishankar.The Supreme Court had on May 24 rejected 88-year-old Tiwari's plea that he was too old to give his blood. Tiwari gave his blood sample on May 29 in front of the district judge Raj Krishna and other officials. Rohit Sekhar filed the paternity suit in 2008 in Delhi high court seeking its direction to declare the Congress leader as his biological father. The court directed the CDFD Hyderabad to conduct test on Tiwari's blood samples to ascertain Rohit Sekhar's claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693821", "title": "Despite ban, several shops near school campuses sell tobacco", "text": "COIMBATORE: While the government boasts of taking several stringent measures to ban smoking in public areas, sale of tobacco products in shops near schools and colleges is on a high. Tobacco is openly available near educational institutions even though a ban exists on its sale within 100 yards of a school campus.While people around the globe celebrated 'World No Tobacco Day,' on Thursday, the Tamil Nadu is struggling to curb the sale of tobacco near school campuses. According to a 2011 report put out by the health ministry, nearly 37% children in India start smoking before they reach 10 years, and each day about 5, 500 children start using tobacco. A check in Coimbatore revealed that not only were there several tobacco shops near schools, but Tasmac shops too. \"I have been selling tobacco and cigarette for several years. I have not had any problems with officials,\" said Raju, a shopkeeper close to the Corporation school in Ramnathapuram. \"It is hard to tell if the children are buying for themselves or for others,\" he added.However, Coimbatore corporation assistant chief health officer, P Aruna, said that the corporation is taking all steps to ensure that tobacco products are not sold in public places, with special focus on school zones. Violators are fined and the banned products are seized. \"Last year alone the corporation collected a fine of approximately Rs 50,000 from the offenders,\" she added.P Vadivelan, State Tobacco Control Officer and Joint Director (Health Education Bureau) says that the ban on tobacco has been strictly implemented and the state has collected Rs 58 lakh in fines over the last two years, from 52,344 persons, with a maximum fine per person being Rs 200. He said the state was leading in implementing tobacco control measures. The state has declared 6072 schools and 1,250 colleges as tobacco-free educational institutions, he added. Training and awareness programmes are being conducted regularly, he noted.Cancer specialists say that early sensitisation is the key to preventing cancer inducing habits such as smoking and pan chewing. Director of Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Oncology and Research P Guhan says that several young people succumb to cancer due to continuous use of tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13695613", "title": "Doctors keep mum on cause of Thane death", "text": "THANE: A day after the death of a woman in a maternity hospital in Vartak Nagar, the autopsy report to determine the actual cause of her death has been deferred by a panel of doctors from Thane civil hospital.The state-appointed doctors declined to give a clear verdict in their post-mortem report and instead suggested a histopathological test be carried out at the forensic science laboratory in Kalina. The specimen of the uterus and both ovaries will be sent to the laboratory and a report could be expected in the next six months, said officials.In the absence of specific reasons for Jyotsna Belose's death, the police has also deferred registering an offence against the medical team led by Dr Madhuri Sakhardande. The victim's husband, Arun, had claimed that it was a case of medical negligence and the team should be booked for murder.The doctors, however, claimed that it was an unfortunate incident and said that Belose could have died due to cardiac arrest.The incident triggered violence as relatives and friends of the Beloses manhandled doctors and personnel at the maternity home. The mob also clashed with policemen who tried to intervene. Statements of the doctors and relatives have been recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696076", "title": "Now, cabs for and by women", "text": "GURGAON: After launching 'pink autos' for women a year ago, the city is all set to experience a ride on cabs driven by female chauffeurs from Friday.GCabs, a private cab service by Apra group, is introducing 125 cabs in the city and has appointed 35 women chauffeurs. The company expects female chauffeurs to make the female customers feel comfortable and secure. Keeping in mind the deteriorating cab service in Gurgaon and the increasing number of crimes against female commuters, the company will launch state-of-the-art cab technology. The cabs have the latest computerized communication &amp; dispatch systems with GPS ( Global Positioning System)-based online tracking. There will also be a provision of point-to-point cab sharing facility that would reduce per kilometre expense.The chauffeurs are undergoing a rigorous training programme before they hit the road on Friday. \"The women chauffeurs are experienced drivers and are being trained in road safety and traffic rules for the past two months.Sujata Jana, a resident of tigri village who is one of the women chauffeurs said that she is not too scared to drive on the city roads as she has been doing it for almost three years now and expects her journey to be less scary as there would be only female passengers. \"We have been undergoing training sessions for road safety, self defense, behaviour and also grooming sessions. It was not too difficult for me to convince my husband as he is also a driver at the international airport. He was concerned about the safety, but with all these facilities of panic button and GPS tracking, he is relieved now. Moreover, the timings are also very much convenient,\" said Jana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695420", "title": "'Discourage youth from consuming tobacco items'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A string of functions were organised on the occasion of World No Tobacco Day in the city on Thursday.The volunteers of Helpmate in association with AG office organised a programme at the AG office. The programme was inaugurated by Justice Rajaram Yadav.Speaking on the occasion, former principal of MLN Medical College Dr PC Saxena said, \"Consumption of tobacco products is injurious to health.\" When any person consumes a cigarette, the heart beat increases by 30%. Similarly, it also increases blood pressure and leaves adverse impact on heart, lungs, and brain. Dr Saxena advised people to quit smoking.General secretary, Helpmate, Alok said tobacco consumers are found worldwide and World Health Organisation (WHO) has to think seriously keeping this fact in mind. He added that measures should be taken to discourage youths from consuming tobacco products.On the occasion of World No Tobacco Day, city-based mustache dancer and post warden of civil defence, Rajendra Tiwari \"Dukan Ji\" along with civil defence volunteers appealed to district authorities to check the sale of tobacco products near educational institutes. \"If we fail to understand the gravity of the situation, there will be at least one cancer patient in every house in the future,\" he said.The volunteers distributed pamphlets at Subhash Crossing stressing that tobacco products are injurious to health. They also appealed to parents to ensure that their children stay away from tobacco products. Meanwhile, volunteers of Samaj Sewa Sansthan also held a symposium with an objective to spread awareness among people against tobacco products. Speakers said efforts are needed to make youths aware about the ill effects of tobacco products on health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13695206", "title": "Road, railways &amp; mining hit", "text": "RANCHI: Normal life in the state came to a standstill for 12 hours as parties came together on Thursday to enforce a nationwide bandh to protest hike in petrol prices.In Jamshedpur, BJP state president Dineshnand Goswami was detained for over five hours. Dhanbad MP P N Singh was also detained for hours in Dhanbad when he was enforcing the bandh.People remained indoors in Ranchi, Dhanbad, Bokaro, Hazaribag, Koderma, Gumla, Ramgrah, East Singhbhum, West Singhbhum, Sahebganj, Giridih and a few other districts.Three Rajdhanis - Howrah, Sealdah and Bhubaneswar - were stopped for a long time near Koderma as bandh enforcers squatted on the tracks. JMM activists also held up the Tata-Badampahar Passenger train at Tatanagar for over an hour besides holding up the Asansol-Ranchi MEMU train at Ranchi.Road transport was also badly hit across the state. The Ranchi-Patna highway (NH-33) was completely blocked for over five hours as bandh enforcers laid a siege to it around 6.30 am, leading to kilometres-long jam. The snarl was cleared only after local administration intervened and held a talk with the agitators. The traffic on Ranchi-Jamshedpur national highway (NH-33) was also affected as supporters of the BJP and JMM burned tyres at several points to block traffic.No inter-district or inter-state bus service was available till late in the evening. As trucks were off the roads coal and mineral transport was also badly affected. \"The bandh has affected transportation,\" said CCL spokesperson Deepak Kumar.The parties that supported the bandh termed it \"a hugely successful\". Goswami said, \"The bandh was historic in the state. The public outcry against the UPA was visible on Thursday. It (petrol price hike) is one of the most extreme situations that people have been put to face.\"Along with Goswami, more than 150 BJP supporters were detained in Jamshedpur as few of them indulged in brick batting. Supporters of the BJP, JMM, JD(U), CPM were also detained in Dhanbad, Ranchi, Hazaribag and Bokaro among other districts.JMM spokesperson Supriyo Bhattachaya said, \"The bandh was largely successful. We got the support of people from across the state. There is an anger among people against the Centre.\"In Ranchi, roads wore deserted look and people voluntarily supported the bandh. Apart from a few supporters smashing glasses of autos and a few private vehicles no untoward incident was reported.Outside Ranchi railway station, at Harmu and Kutchery Chowk effigies of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were burnt. At Albert Ekka Chowk, JMM supporters squatted for over half an hour and shouted slogans against the petrol price hike. Some minor scuffles were also reported between bandh supporters and auto drivers from isolated places in the city after which police detained 34 people.\"The bandh was largely peaceful. An elaborate number of police personnel was deployed at all strategic points in the city,\" said Ranchi City SP Ranjeet Prasad.Commercial complexes, shops, educational institutions remained closed till evening in all major cities in the state. Banks and government offices, however, functioned normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695280", "title": "Drunk cop in bar brawl gets demotion order", "text": "MUMBAI: A petty brawl in a beer bar with a group of people, including an accused on bail, has cost a police inspector his post. Cop, Dilip Sawant, who was in an inebriated state at the time of the incident, has been demoted one step to the post of assistant police inspector.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik had ordered additional commissioner of police Kaisar Khalid to conduct a probe in the matter after %TOI broke the story on June 21, last year. On Tuesday, Sawant's demotion order was issued.On June 21, a sozzled Sawant had a fight with businessman Anand Moni Singh at Natraj Beer bar in Chembur. Singh's group included Kishore Kanjaria, an accused who was out on bail. Sawant spat on Singh, provoking the latter to break a glass bottle on Sawant's head. Sawant had to undergo 32 stitches on his head due to the injury.Sawant will now have to remain as an assistant inspector for at least one year and sources said that this demotion would stop his promotion and other benefits and leave a mark in his Annual Confidential Report (ACR). Under normal circumstances, he would have been promoted as senior inspector in the next two years but now he will have to wait for at least four years. \"Whenever and wherever he is transferred, his mischief will always be reflected in his ACR and chances are that he may not get an important portfolio,'' said an officer.Dilip Sawant is the younger brother of deputy commissioner of police Pradeep Sawant who is attached to %the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS).The Bombay high court had last year pulled up the police for not taking any action on Sawant. The division bench B H Marlapalle and Justice U D Salvi was hearing a petition filed by Singh with whom the police inspector had the fight. At that time, the public prosecutor had told the court that transferred Sawant had been transferred from the elite economic offences wing (EOW) to the local arms department and that a departmental inquiry was on.According to the departmental inquiry report, Sawant is accused of initiating the brawl with Singh by spitting on him. It is alleged that Singh hit the cop with the beer bottle as he thought that Sawant would hit him.\"It's a punishment,'' said an officer. Sawant's cellphone was switched off and he could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699295", "title": "Sarath Kumar unopposed as Nadigar Sangam chief", "text": "Supreme Star Sarath Kumar will be the president of South India Film Artistes Association (Nadigar Sangam). The Actor turned poltician was elected unopposed today for the post by its members. The elections were actually slated in June and Sarath Kumar, chose to file papers for the nomination along with the team, seeking re-election. After the evaluations on the nominations, Sarath Kumar was declared unopposed for the post of President of the Nadigar sangam. The team comprises of Radha Ravi as general secretary, Vagai Chandrasekhar as treasurer with Vijayakumar and K N Kalai as vice-presidents. The total committee of 24 members also include STR, Santhana Bharathi, Delhi Ganesh, Nalini, Kuyili, Sathyapriya, Fathima Babu, Chinni Jayanth, K R Selvaraj, Veeramani, M Rajendran.Source : Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694259", "title": "108 gets 7 prank calls for every genuine case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over the past few years, whenever someone witnesses a road accident or an incident needing immediate medical intervention, he or she dials 108 - the number has become synonymous with quick and efficient service. However, the service is facing the strain of a huge number of prank calls. Tired of the constant rise in the numbers, officials have resorted to filing police complaints and have urged officials to investigate the matter.\"For us, every call is a potential life-saver and 99 per cent of the calls are answered in less than 3 seconds,\" said an EMRI official. \"Professionals working at the call center are trained to cope with stress and maintain quality of service. However, how can one expect to cope with the fact that there are several persons who make more than 1,000 calls to 108 just for fun? We have identified a number that has recorded 77,345 prank calls over the past two years.\"Officials said that abusive or nuisance calls not only affect employee but also increase workload and take away precious time that can save somebody's life.\"Our first action is to counsel the caller about the importance of the number,\" said the official. \"When it does not work, we let police officials at the call center take charge. When all fails, we file a police complaint against the caller. We are in no mood to let this menace continue.\"Jashvant Prajapati, chief operating officer of GVK EMRI, said that the services of 108 will be more efficient and effective if such calls are reduced. \"We appeal to citizens to remember that this service is meant for them.\"Undesirable calls include those giving wrong information about an incident and asking for an ambulance without any specific case. Some make blank calls or use abusive language with female staff members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13694884", "title": "BlackBerry phones to assist cops manage traffic better", "text": "MYSORE: Habitual traffic offenders, take note. Henceforth, you can't go scot-free for subsequent traffic violations as city traffic police are going hi-tech to crack down on offenders.Nearly two years after their counterparts in Bangalore started using BlackBerry-assisted traffic enforcement system, Mysore cops are going in for that. Mysore will be the second city in the state to adopt a paperless system of traffic enforcement.Traffic police officers will start using BBs in the next two weeks. This cuts manpower, reduces paperwork, stores data in centralized server. Moreover, they help police get the details of any previous offences by the violators in no time. Even, the system reduces time in serving notices to offenders and puts brake on the possible manipulation by police.Devaraja traffic inspector Mohammed Irshad, who underwent training along with 17 other officers from the city at Bangalore Traffic Training Institute recently, told TOI that once they start using BB handsets, the vehicle owners will have to own up for their previous offences. Each violation will be recorded, and details will be stored in the server. Policemen, armed with the gadget, can get details of previous violations at their fingertips.There is no chance for violators to go scot-free for repeat offence. Presently, police are collecting Rs 100 towards fine for helmetless driving. As there was no proper system to check whether the violator was booked earlier, police were collecting the same amount of fine even for subsequent offences. But hereafter, police will not face any such glitch as they will get to know the \"history of violation\" by keying in to BB handsets either the DL number or the vehicle registration number of violators.For subsequent traffic rule violations, the fine amount will be enhanced. For helmetless driving, police can collect Rs 300 for second or third offence. Moreover, they will have a record to write the to court, seeking cancellation of the errant motorists' driving licences.Each BB handset will have Bluetooth-enabled printers to issue notices to violators on the spot. The present system is time consuming as the officers have to write details of violation, place, and date and vehicle number on 'check report receipts' (CRR). But with the latest gadget, officers can issue receipts in less than a minute, Irshad explained.Earlier, the offenders used to question the officers for using old CRR books printed two-three years ago to issue notices. They were at the receiving end because public were suspecting the police for using books printed in 2009/10 (the reciepts were being used to clear the stock). But there will be no such confusion henceforth.According to Irshad, nearly 80 types of traffic violations have been stored in the gadget. They can also videograph the offence using the handset, if need be. \"Violations like helmetless driving, triple riding, reckless and underage driving are rampant in Mysore,\" the inspector said, adding that people will see a change in traffic management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693670", "title": "African countries offer animals as gifts to Surat zoo", "text": "SURAT: Diamond city in the days to come will have its own little African Safari and people from across the world would come here to see African elephants, cheetahs, zebras and giraffes. At the just concluded Indo-African Conclave in the city, senior officials of a number of participating countries from the continent offered to provide wild animals free to Surat city.African countries have a surplus of wild animals and many don't even have an effective conservation policy to protect rare species. \"We want to make our zoo best in western India. We want to breed rare species of wild animals from African countries and also conserve them. We have showed interest in acquiring these animals during our discussion with delegates of Zambia , Botswana and Tanzania . We said we are ready to pay for the animals, but African delegates replied that they want to give us the animals free,\" said Dr Prafful Mehta, zoo incharge, Surat Municipal Corporation(SMC)\"We will bear the transport cost to bring these animals to the city,\" Mehta said.Paresh Patel, president, South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGCCI), said, \"This is a wonderful development. Zambia's first secretary Kalumaya L. Silumesili was the one who took interest in the issue. We are thankful to him.\"Mehta said, \"We will complete the procedures in a month's time to bring different species of animals to our Sarthana zoo.\"Surat zoo is looking to bring cheetahs, antelopes, zebras, giraffes, ostrich, hyena, wild dogs, rhinos and wild buffaloes.The city's nature park is spread over on 81 acres and has lions, tigers, leopards among other animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696444", "title": "Presenting bangles to Mayor irks Nagpur eves", "text": "NAGPUR: Whoever coined the saying that 'a woman is her own worst enemy' knew what s/he was talking about. An all-women delegation of 34 corporators protesting the water shortage in the city at the mayor's office on Wednesday upheld this notion in a big way. They presented the mayor a bunch of bangles to be worn by the 'worthless' water works department of NMC.Leading the delegation was Abha Pande, president of District Women's Congress Committee, and former chairman of the standing committee. She says that it was a symbolic way of protesting, and she finds nothing wrong with the symbol that was used.\"Chudi pehan kar baith jao is a very old saying. We were there to highlight the problems being faced by women due to erratic water supply in this sweltering heat. A fellow corporator Pushpa Nimje presented the bangles to the mayor,\" said Pande.However, this gesture has irked the city's women's brigade, who feel that in an era where women are excelling and even proving to be better than men in almost every sphere, such a protest was in bad taste. Attributing this action to the deep rooted mind set of women, who still consider themselves the weaker sex, Runa Tapadia, president of social organization DIVA, said, \"This is a very regressive form of protest. It pains us to see that despite so much progress women continue to think in this manner. Today, bangles are not a symbol of weakness. We have a woman President and many women are at the helm in almost every field.\"Terming the protest laughable, women's activist Seema Sakhare says that today women wearing bangles take out morchas and work alongside men. \"Women should rise up from this sort of symbolism. Instead of using bangles as a symbol of inertness, they should have told the mayor that if you can't do the work give us charge. We will do it.\"Terming the protest as a desperate measure emerging from a desperate situation, leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said these women used such a method to draw attention to the water problem. \"They are elected by the people and have to voice public grievances. Nobody is listening, so what should they do? They protested in this manner to get attention.\"Writer Shubhangi Bhadbhade says that these women have only projected themselves in poor light. \"I am not for such belittling methods of protest. In a novel, which I have just finished writing, my protagonist is a woman corporator who goes on to become the mayor and improves the functioning of the city. The book speaks of women power,\" she says. Terming this protest as 'self insulting', Bhadbhade feels it would have been better if the protest was to say that 'if you can't do the work, wear bangles like women, then maybe you can work better'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13696177", "title": "Class X topper girl in Sirsa eyes IAS", "text": "SIRSA: With a dream to become an IAS officer, a 16 year-old girl, Sandhya Sharma, has secured first position in the district in class 10 exams of Haryana School Education Board, Bhiwani.She secured 498 out of total 500 marks. \"I worked hard and used to spend more than five hours daily on studies. I secured 100 marks in all subjects, except Hindi,\" she said. \"Now, I have started preparations for the civil services exam, though it may take a few years to appear for the same,\" she added.Her mother Kanchan Sharma said \"My daughter has proved to be better than a son.\" Skewed sex ratio is a major problem in this part of Haryana.Said Sahil Patil, 16, who secured third position in Sirsa district, \"I want to become a doctor and want to do my MBBS from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Delhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695283", "title": "No hand in attack on Israeli diplomat: Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi , who is in India to invite PM Manmohan Singh to the upcoming NAM summit in Tehran, on Thursday launched a bitter diatribe against Israel, even suggesting that no Iranian may have been involved in the bomb attack on an Israeli diplomat's car here. He was also non-committal on whether Iran would allow an Indian police team to visit the country.\"We totally refute these allegations,\" he said in the presence of his Indian counterpart S M Krishna after a meeting. This is the first time Tehran has officially responded to charges about involvement of Iranians after these were authenticated by the findings of Indian investigating agencies. While taking care not to directly blame any Iranian agency for the attack, India had earlier requested Tehran through MEA to cooperate in the investigations against three named Iran nationals.Government sources, however, said that immediately after Salehi's remarks, Krishna tried to save the situation by taking up the matter with his counterpart in another meeting over lunch and telling him that India would still like to send a police team to Iran \"based on suggestions made earlier by Iran itself\".Iranian authorities had earlier indicated that they were not averse to India sending a team to the country. Krishna told Salehi that Indian agencies had some evidence which suggested involvement of people based in Iran. Salehi then responded by saying that Iran will \"consider\" allowing a police team to visit the country.\"What Iran foreign minister has said is not going to impinge on the investigations and we are hopeful that they will allow a probe team to visit Iran soon,\" an official said.Drawing a parallel with an earlier case in which Iran was accused of plotting to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in the US, Salehi said the international community actually needed to ask the Zionist regime as to who were the actual perpetrators as it was Israel which had legalized assassinations.Salehi decided to let go after he was asked whether or not Iran was going to support the probe by Indian agencies. \"They (Israel) said just a few days ago that they were introducing these computer viruses into our industry and seemed proud of it. When they assassinate our best scientists, our young scientists... they were just in the beginning of their careers... they expressed loudly they were the ones who assassinated these scientists. It is them the international community has to ask who were the perpetrators,\" he said.\"They have given assassinations a legality when it comes to killing Palestinians. So, we totally refute the allegations... the world conscious (sic) knows the Zionist regime and how they do their business,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695961", "title": "Afghan finds missing brother after 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six months ago, Farhaad Kamran thought his battle was half won. The 30-year-old IT manager from Afghanistan had saved up enough to get his mentally ill elder brother treated here. But days after the family arrived in Delhi, on December 17, Jalaluddin, 32, got lost in a crowded Karol Bagh market.A distraught Farhaad and his mother did everything in their power to trace Jalal. They spent their savings unstintingly. When the police failed to find him, they used posters and fliers to spread the word around.Finally, two days ago, a stranger called up Farhaad from Shahbad near Kurukshetra to say he had found his brother.Although Jalaluddin was in a battered condition, with broken teeth and dog bites all over the body, for Farhaad it was a battle half won, again. Because, although he now has his brother, Farhaad has run out of money to continue the treatment. The long absence from home has also cost him his job.But Farhaad is hopeful of finding a way. For now, the family is savouring the relief and joy of reunion. Farhaad remembers the fateful day - December 30 - when Jalal, who was undergoing psychiatric treatment at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in Karol Bagh, lost sight of his mother in a market, plunging them all into the most difficult phase of their lives.Although Farhaad quickly informed the Karol Bagh police station and a complaint was registered, nothing came of it. Days passed, and Farhaad, hired an auto, pasted his brother's pictures all over it, and drove around the city, announcing Jalal's particulars on a loudspeaker. The worst part was having to go around 174 hospitals and look up 250 bodies in mortuaries.A week ago, when an acquaintance was leaving for Punjab to visit some shrines, Farhaad thought of asking him for help. \"I requested my friend to take some fliers with him and distribute them along the way at hotels and shops, and in Punjab too.\"Two days ago, the long awaited call came. A man, who probably works at a dhaba in the Kurukshetra area 160km from Delhi, was at the other end. \"He had spotted Jalal and identified him from the leaflet my friend dropped at his dhaba. I pleaded with him to follow my brother and provide me the number of the nearest police station. I also requested the SHO of Karol Bagh to coordinate with the police there and gave him the number I had.\"The police in Shahbad, near Kurukshetra, managed to find Jalal and detained him. \"I had also left for Kurukshetra by then and soon I saw my brother again,\" Farhaad told TOI.\"Jalal's condition has deteriorated and he has an infection. He cannot recall how he reached there. We are getting him treated but have run out of money. I hope the government can help us. Anyhow, I will make sure Jalal stays with us now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696142", "title": "Bandh keeps ministers, people away from offices", "text": "PANAJI: It turned out almost as had been planned. Led by the chief minister and his cabinet colleagues who all didn't visit the state secretariat on Thursday, BJP-ruled Goa witnessed a near total bandh with markets, most shops and commercial establishments remaining closed, public transportation disrupted and absenteeism in government offices.The bandh-called by BJP and other national opposition parties as part of nationwide protests against the petrol price hike-was peaceful, but affected normal life. While CM Manohar Parrikar said the bandh would be voluntary, in many places, BJP supporters were seen going round asking shopkeepers to down shutters.Tourists suffered much inconvenience as almost all restaurants remained closed across the state. The bandh also saw very poor attendance in the government secretariat, Porvorim. Sources in the personnel department said the secretariat witnessed over 50% absenteeism.It is learnt that the ministerial block was also deserted. Even the chief minister did not visit his secretariat office today, his staff confirmed.There were reports that the strike affected some industries in the smaller industrial estates of Pissurlem, Colvale and Karaswada. Units in Verna, Corlim and Kundaim were said to be operating normally.Gpresident Manguirish Pai Raikar felt the bandh would affect industry. Speaking to TOI he said, \"There are commitments of the industry which is already reeling under pressure due to the recession in Europe, rising dollar and import costs.\"Confirming that private bus operators were totally off the roads, transport director Arun Desai said a citizen questioned him why he had not invoked the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA). Said Desai, \"For invoking ESMA, someone must give me notice. Even yesterday, the private bus operators said they would not participate in the bandh. They probably did not want to participate, but there were no passengers, so how could they run their buses without passengers?\"Kadamba transport corporation officials said their buses ran on all routes but had to curtail services due to lack of passengers in the middle of the day. KTC claimed that their buses operated on all internal village routes and that even the Panaji-Margao shuttle service was operational but between 11.30am to 3pm there were hardly any passengers so KTC ran buses depending on demand, the official said, adding that full normalcy was restored after 5pm.All Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) general secretary Sudip Tamankar said private bus operators did not support the bandh but were forced to stop plying due to intimidation at several places.Tamankar said private buses plying from Bicholim were stoned early in the morning, that a road block on the Siolim bridge forced buses to stop and a private bus driver was stopped by agitators and threatened at Mapusa. A few private buses that left Pernem early in the morning were prevented from leaving Panaji bus stand, Tamankar claimed. \"We approached the police for help. They asked us why we could not keep the buses off the roads for one day,\" Tamankar said.Blasting BJP, Tamankar said, \"All shops and buses were stopped through force. Buses have no connection with price rise as they run on diesel. If the bandh was because of rise in petrol prices, why were private vehicles allowed to ply? The BJP did this only for show of force.\"State BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar, who is also the panchayati raj minister said the overwhelming response to the bandh all over the country means that the \"UPA government should learn a lesson from this\".Told of the inconvenience to the public, Parsekar said, \"The inconvenience is for the convenience of the public. It was to demand a rollback in the petrol prices. When the international rates of crude oil are stable, there was no need for the Indian government to increase the petrol price. Even if there is no rollback, the response to the bandh will prevent them from raising the price in the near future,\" Parsekar said.BJP vice-president Wilfred Mesquita said, \"The response of the people of India to this bandh is a warning to the Union government that people are disgusted with their policies and that their days in power are numbered.\"They protested, but did not closePANAJI: Certain prominent establishments in Panaji resisted closure. When bandh supporters went to In &amp; Out near Don Bosco High School, and asked proprietor Andrea Maganlal to close the outlet for the day, she told them she too strongly opposed the hike in petrol prices and was ready to sign any memorandum demanding a rollback but was opposed to observing bandh.Maganlal refused to down shutters telling bandh supporters the outlet would close only if the protestors paid her employees the day's wages. With Maganlal showing no sign of relenting, after debating the issue for a while the protestors booed the establishment and left.Navtara, a restaurant near the market in Panaji was another establishment that remained open. A police van with personnel was parked opposite. The restaurant is known to have successfully resisted bandh calls in the past too and this time it was no different. The bandh supporters did not even attempt to go to the restaurant and request it to close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13696551", "title": "Panic withdrawal by depositors at CKP Cooperative Bank", "text": "THANE: Hundreds of people queued up outside the Thane branch of CKP Cooperative Bank after reports that the state cooperative department had appointed an administrator for the 97-year-old bank.Though there was no official confirmation or denial of the appointment, panic withdrawal by depositors was witnessed at the bank's branch near Thane station on Thursday.The bank has eight branches in Mumbai and Thane; its head office is in Matunga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13695083", "title": "RIMS doctors protest against salary cut", "text": "RANCHI: The unpaid doctors of Jharkhand's premier medical college and hospital, Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) have decided to launch a full-fledged agitation to realize their dues. The state government has decided to slash 25% of their salaries paid to them as non-practicing allowance (NPA).Around 300 junior doctors of RIMS wore black badges to their workplace on Thursday demanding NPA with their salaries. Not just the junior doctors, seniors, too, have not received their salary or NPA for the last two months.RIMS administration has recently been given annual allotment of funds for the year 2012-13. Last year's allotment was used by the hospital administration to pay salaries and NPA to these doctors.However, with the latest allotment a directive has been given to the RIMS administration from the state government not to pay NPA from the fund. Following the issuance of the notice junior doctors called upon RIMS director Tulsi Mahto to register their protests.\"The price of petrol has been hiked. The cost of living is too high these days but instead of increasing our salaries, the government is slashing it,\" said a junior doctor, who did not want to be quoted.RIMS medical superintendent S K Chaudhary said, \"The doctors have lodged their protests but they have not skipped work.\"According to a rough estimate on Thursday around 2500 patients were attended to by the doctors at RIMS.Later, the doctors held a meeting at anatomy hall to discuss future strategies. \"The principal secretary has sought 10 days time to resolve the issue,\" said another junior doctor on the condition of anonymity.When contacted Tulsi Mahto said, \"A group of doctors had called on me today. But I will not speak on the issue right now.\"Another group of doctors had gheraoed Tulsi Mahto's office on Wednesday demanding an explanation on the same issue. Later they had also called upon Jharkhand principal secretary for health K Vidyasagar to address their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695650", "title": "Tough task ahead for health officials as malaria cases up", "text": "INDORE: Even as district health department prepares to observe June as anti-malaria month, it has a challenging task ahead after 28 positive cases of vivax malaria have been detected in past month. Malaria cases were diagnosed after testing blood samples of 1,300 suspected patients. However, health experts feel that the situation is still far from worse.The health department registered as many as 221 P.vivax cases in 2011 as against 211 malaria cases during 2010. Number of P.falciparum too did not come down. Though monsoon is only a fortnight away, IMC and health department are expected to announce plans to curb spread of vector-borne diseases.Gautam Gupta, a resident of Anoop Nagar, says, \"No civic body employee has come here with fogging machine in past years.\" Ashwin Garg, a resident of the New Palasia, said, \"Uncovered and choked drains, no cleanliness drive pave way for spreading diseases. IMC makes announcements and nothing is done in reality.\"Officials at IMC are of the view that it is not a rule to conduct regular fogging and that it is done only during emergency. Dr D C Garg, health officer at IMC, said, \"It is not mandatory to carry out fogging. We do it when we get directives from district administration.\" The IMC reportedly failed to spend Rs 9 lakh out of allotted Rs 10 lakh for the cause in last fiscal. Interestingly, it has allocated Rs 10 lakh for the same purpose in current fiscal in the budget.District malaria officer M C Jinwal said, \"We have issued directives to all officers to generate awareness on cleanliness measures and ways to curb the menace of the vector-borne diseases. We will be organizing nearly 24 awareness campaigns during the month and distribute medicines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696423", "title": "Assam mulls pilot hydel project with new technology", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid widespread protests in the state over the safety of Lower Subansiri mega dam in neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh , the state government is mulling to start a pilot hydel project with a new low-cost technology called Piano Key Wier (PKW).Addressing a workshop on Piano Key Weir for In-stream Storage and Dam Safety at India Habitat Centre in New Delhi on Thursday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said, \"We want to start a pilot project on an experimental basis using the Piano Key Weir technology in the state. I will set up a global expert committee to advise the state government on the use of this new technology in the state.\"The workshop was organized by Indian Water Resources Society, department of water resources development and management of IIT-Roorkee and department of civil engineering and environmental sciences of University of Petroleum and Energey Study, Dehradun.The Piano Key Weir is a weir of particular geometry, associating to a labyrinth shape the use of overhangs to reduce the basis length. The Piano Key Weir could thus been directly placed on a dam crest. Together, with its important discharge capacity for low heads, this geometric feature makes the Piano Key Weir an interesting solution for dams rehabilitation as well as new constructions. The Piano Key Weir was first designed in 2001 and built for the first time in 2006.The chief minister told the gathering, \"We are rich in water resources and we need to make the right use for human development. For this, we need to use new technologies.\" He added that the Brahmaputra has not been used properly. Rather, the river has caused a lot of damage to the state. \"Since 1950, the Brahmaputra has eroded about 4.27 lakh hectare of state's land,\" he said.Building of mega dams in the region, which falls in an earthquake zone with the highest risk, has always been opposed. Anti-dam protesters of the Lower Subansri project fear devastation in the downstream areas of the state.The Piano Key Weir design claims that the submergence problem can be envisaged by using emerging concept of in-stream storage systems. Low-flow storage can be created in the stream itself without any submergence by using Piano Key Weir, which is relatively cheaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696352", "title": "Producers' bodies brew a case for tea as national drink", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tea producers' associations of the state are pitching for tea to be declared as the national drink on the basis of its \"indigenous origin\" and \"planters' contribution to the country's freedom struggle\".With some sections pushing coffee as a contender for the coveted position, a joint forum of Assam Tea Planters' Association (ATPA), North Eastern Tea Association (NETA) and Bharatiya Cha Parishad (BCP) recently submitted a fresh memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi, highlighting that the tea plant is a native of the state, while coffee is not.Also, representatives of the three organisations pointed out to the chief minister that India's first tea planter, Maniram Dewan, sacrificed his life while rebelling against the British rule.\"The Assam (India) variety of tea is scientifically known as Camellia assamica, while the Chinese variety is known as Camellia sinensis. India, China and Vietnam are the three countries where the three main cultivated varieties of tea originated. Cambodiensis or the southern variety, which originated in Vietnam, is very similar to assamica. Hence, it is not considered a separate rank and is treated as a sub-species of Camellia assamica. It is well-established that tea is indigenous to Assam, and hence to India,\" argued the tea bodies in the memorandum.On the other hand, they said that coffee has its origins in the mountains of Ethiopia and came to India when the legendary saint Bababudan brought seven magical beans from Yemen and planted them in the Chandragiri hills of Karnataka.NETA chairman Bidyananda Barkakoty said, \"There is no other beverage in India whose founder was associated with the first war of Independence in the country. The first Indian tea planter, Maniram Dewan, was an early patriot because he was involved in the rebellion against the British in the 1857 Mutiny and was hanged by the British. Hence, tea has its roots in India's freedom struggle.\"Tea has already been declared as the state drink, and the state government has taken up the matter of giving national status to the beverage with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.In the memorandum recently submitted to the chief minister, the three organisations asked Gogoi to pursue the matter with the Prime Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698607", "title": "Venkatesh drops in on the sets of \u201cKVJ\u201d", "text": "Tollywood is getting accustomed to hearing about this quirky superstition these days - 'Victory' Venkatesh turning out to be the latest lucky mascot. If the actor makes an appearance on the sets of a film, it has to become a blockbuster.After dropping in on the sets of Mahesh Babu's \"Dookudu\" and Pawan Kalyan's \"Gabbar Singh\", Venkatesh recently visited the sets of \" Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum\", starring Daggubati Rana. Venky spent some quality time with nephew Rana and both the actors seemed to be in a genial mood. Now, surely this is a great sign for the cast and crew of \"KVJ\" if they believe in the superstition.Mahesh Babu was going through a lean patch then with no hits in the last few years. And Venky dropped in on the sets of \"Dookudu\", which turned out to be a blockbuster. The actor happened to drop in on the sets of Pawan Kalyan's latest release \"Gabbar Singh\", which saw Pawan striking the box office after a decade.Looks like Venky has now decided to give Rana the breakthrough and lend more credence to the speculation. \"KVJ film is directed by Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi). Nayanathara is playing the leady lady and Mani Sharma is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695262", "title": "Reinventing the toilet is Bill Gates's new mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reinventing a toilet that has an operational cost of $0.05 per user, per day, that does not rely on water to flush waste and does not discharge pollutants is Bill Gates' latest mission. According to him, no innovation in 200 years has saved more lives than the toilet.But the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation says 2.6 billion people still don't have a safe \"affordable way to poop\".Speaking to TOI on Thursday, Gates said the best toilet right now is the flush toilet and everything else is vastly inferior. \"One of my ultimate dreams now is to reinvent the toilet - find a cheaper alternative to the flush toilet that does not require running water, has smell characteristics better than the flush toilet and is cheap.\"Gates said some of the world's leading sanitation experts are expected to present their latest toilet designs in Seattle in August.Gates recently challenged 22 universities to submit proposals for how to invent a waterless, hygienic toilet that is safe and affordable for people in the developing world and doesn't have to be connected to a sewer. Eight universities were awarded grants to \"reinvent the toilet\".According to Gates, poor sanitation causes severe diarrhoea, which kills 1.5 million children each year. He said in his annual letter recently that smart investments in sanitation could reduce disease, increase family incomes, keep girls in school, help preserve the environment and enhance human dignity.\"Finding a new toilet design that is as good as the flush toilet should be possible. It does not exist now. That's why we have been putting in money asking people to design a new toilet. We have been trying to create such a toilet for over a year. If no solution comes up by August, we will call for newer ideas,\" gates told TOI.According to the challenge, the new toilet has to be designed for use in a single family home and should viable for a sanitation business that can be easily adopted by local entrepreneurs living in poor urban settings. About 2.6 billion people use unsafe toilets or defecate in the open, Gates said.More than half (54%) the Indian population defecated in the open in 2008. While 18% of urban India indulged in such a practice, the percentage is as high as 69% in rural India. Globally, 1.1 billion people still defecate in the open. Eleven countries including India is home to 81% of such people.The other countries include most of India's immediate neighbours - China, Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh -- besides Indonesia, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Brazil and Niger. This practice of open defecation is the riskiest sanitation practice of all, according to World Health Organization and Unicef .According to the WHO, improved sanitation can produce up to $9 for every $1 invested by increasing productivity, reducing health care costs and preventing illness, disability and early death.The Gates Foundation recently said people with access to clean and convenient sanitation services also experience greater dignity, privacy and security. This is especially true of women and girls, who often miss work or school when they are menstruating and risk sexual assault when they are forced to defecate in the open or use public restrooms.Sylvia Mathews Burwell, president of the foundation's Global Development Programme, recently said flush toilets were unavailable to the vast majority in the developing world and therefore announced $42 million in new sanitation grants that aim to spur innovations in the capture and storage of waste, as well as its processing into reusable energy, fertilizer and fresh water.In addition, the foundation aims to support work with local communities to end open defecation and increase access to affordable, long-term sanitation solutions that people will want to use. Access to safe sanitation reduces child diarrhoea by 30% and significantly increases school attendance.Sanitation brings substantial economic benefits, according to Burwell. With these new grants, the foundation's commitment to water, sanitation and hygiene efforts total more than $265 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699156", "title": "Awara", "text": "CreditsFilm : AwaraCast : Jeet, Sayantika Banerjee Music :Jeet GangulyDirector : Rabi Kinagi Production House : Shri Venkatesh FilmsSynopsis : A remake of the 2008 Telugu hit 'Krishna', 'Awara' is the story of Jeet and Sayantika Banerjee who fall in love after the former comes to stay in the latter's house as tenant. He then follows her to a different city, battles her protective brother and the goon she's being chased by.Love finally triumphs and the two get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "13695980", "title": "\u2018Kids now know of sex at early age\u2019", "text": "DELHI: The observations were made while acquitting one Sandeep Paswan, facing trial for kidnapping and raping a minor girl who had eloped with him. The two had married at an Arya Samaj Mandir in Lucknow.According to the police, the 15-year-old girl had gone missing from her house in January 2011. Her father then reported the matter to the police on February 17, 2011 and an FIR was registered. The girl was found in August 2011 from a village in Uttar Pradesh where she was living with Sandeep as his wife. While absolving Sandeep of the charges, the court noted that it was clear from the girl's testimony that she eloped with him as they were in love.The court said, with the advent of cable television, internet and rapid changes in biological factors, children were getting exposed to knowledge about sex and marital relations at an early age.\"With the result, cupid strikes them at an early age, before they attain majority.... Since parents are always opposed to such an alliance, may be rightly so, the loving couple elope,\" the judge observed. The court said even boys in some cases become victims as they do not understand the consequences of their actions and are sometimes lured by the girl. \"Such cases should be an eye opener for the worthy lawmakers of our country, who, I understand, are contemplating raising the age limit for consensual sex from 16 to 18 years. Gone are the days when a child of 16 or 17 years of age was ignorant about sex and the desire to have sex,\" the judge said.The order comes on the heels of another judge, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau raising similar concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi/bhubaneswar", "code": "13693992", "title": "'Coup scared' Naveen Patnaik rushes back home", "text": "NEW DELHI/BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik cut short his foreign trip and rushed back home on Thursday in the wake of a reported coup attempt against his government by BJD stalwart Pyarimohan Mohapatra and his loyalists. \"I understand that in my absence, certain events took place... I will look into them when I reach Bhubaneswar this (Thursday) evening,\" Patnaik told reporters in New Delhi after his return from London .Naveen also held deliberations with BJD MPs Baijayant Panda and Pinaki Mishra and said he would consult his party members after reaching Bhubaneswar. \"I will certainly see what has to be done,\" he added.The meeting between 21 BJD legislators, including three ministers, and Mohapatra on Tuesday night had triggered speculations of a rift in the party with some leaders terming the exercise as \"pressure tactics\" by one group close to the Rajya Sabha member at a time when Naveen was away.Reacting to the development, Naveen had deplored the attempts to divide the party. \"I understand that in my absence, an MP of my party was stirring trouble against my state government. And also trying to divide the BJD. This is deplorable,\" Naveen had told media persons in London.The reported attempt to destabilize the government, however, was dismissed by Mohapatra at a press conference on Wednesday. \"There is absolutely no threat to Naveen Patnaik from me. He is completely safe as chief minister as he is the leader of the BJD,\" Mohapatra had said.Though Pyari sought to downplay his perceived \"show of strength\" at a time when Naveen was overseas, he did not rule out a divide in BJD in the future. \"I cannot talk about the future. I am not an astrologer,\" he said. Pyari, who for the better part of Naveen's 12-year-long stint as CM was considered the \"second power centre\" in BJD, said he neither had plans to \"unseat\" Naveen nor nourished a desire to be CM.\"There is absolutely no threat to Naveen from my side. He is completely safe as CM as he is the leader of BJD,\" Pyari said, adding, \"If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago. In 2009 over 90 per cent of the party candidates who got elected as MLAs were recommended by me and selected by Naveen. The CM did not even know them. I could have attempted (to become CM) then. Why now when it is the worst period?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13696287", "title": "Panchkula: 'City of Generals' gets 2 more after 'farewell to arms'", "text": "PANCHKULA: Panchkula, the satellite town of Chandigarh, seems to be fast becoming the \" City of Generals\" as one more war veteran has made it his post-retirement home. Army commander of Western Command Lt Gen S R Ghosh, who hung up his uniform on Thursday, has decided to settle down in Panchkula, which is already home to hundreds of Army officers including Gen V K Singh, who also retired on Thursday, and former army chief V P Malik.Lt Gen Ghosh shifted to his new house in Sector 9 here, after an impressive farewell at Chandimandir Cantonment, along with his wife Bulbul and their pet dog of dachshund breed.General V K Singh, whose 26 months tenure as Army chief remained mired in controversies, has been allotted a plot, No. 75, by the Haryana government in upscale Mansa Devi Complex (MDC) area of Panchkula district, where he is expected to build a house.Speaking on the sideline of his farewell, Lt Gen Ghosh said he loved the area during his stint as Army commander and decided to settle here because of the atmosphere and way of life the city offers for the defence personnel. Another reason for settling down here, he added, was that his wife, a retired bureaucrat, was born and brought up here. Ghosh, nevertheless, maintained that the city lacks maintenance and that considering the number of senior officers settling here, local bodies should focus on its proper upkeep.Panchkula already has hundreds of officers and war veterans, who remained commanders of various vital formations of Army during conventional as well as non-conventional wars, settled here. Among them are former Army chief Gen (retd) Malik, former Army vice-chief Lt Gen Vijay Oberoi, former commanders -- Lt Gen H S Panag, Lt Gen P S Hoon, Lt Gen Deepinder Singh, LT Gen T K Sapru, Lt Gen G S Sihota, Lt Gen R S Dayal (died recently), Lt Gen Daljit Singh and Lt Gen Surinder Singh among others.Sector 12, 12-A, 6, 20 and MDC have a high concentration of top Army officers. In fact, Panchkula has become a station of choice post-retirement not only for those from the region but also those belonging to other parts of the country.According to senior Army officers, the city is one of the best urban planned cities of the country, has spacious roads, large lung spaces and planned markets. Besides, it is strategically located -- within an earshot of Shimla to the north and New Delhi to the south. With Chandimandir Cantonment in the vicinity, officers' link to service life and a large community of retired and serving officers make it particularly attractive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693618", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 25L recovered from high-flying thieves", "text": "SURAT: Crime branch sleuths arrested a gang of three persons, who had carried out several thefts in the city as well as other parts of the country and recovered valuables and cash worth Rs 25.71 lakh from them.The trio hailing from Bihar was caught while trying to leave the city in their Innova car. They were stopped near Dindoli bus stand and questioned. Police found a black laptop bag with a laptop inside and a locked brief case in their possession. When cops asked them to open the the briefcase, the persons said they don't have keys. Police opened the bag using other instruments and found Rs 16 lakh cash in Rs 1000 notes denomination. They were unable to explain source of the money following which they were arrested.Those arrested are Ganesh alias Dhanma Ramu Mukhiya, 42, Mohan alias Munna alias Harsh Ganesh Mukhiya, 23 and Arjun Alias Shani alias Sunder alias Sonu Ramswaroop Tati, 19.Police said that these thieves lived a lavish lifestyle. All wore high-end wrist watches and owned costly mobiles. They lived in Sidhhi Vinayak Society in Dindoli area.Police recovered a wrist watch worth Rs 65,000, mobile phone worth Rs 15,000 and Rs 4,500 cash from Arjun. Mohan had a mobile phone worth Rs 21,000 and two other mobiles worth Rs 7,500 each were recovered from him. Police also seized the Innova car worth Rs seven lakh.While searching at their house, cops found Karizma bike worth Rs 40,000, LCD TV worth Rs 40,000, DVD player worth Rs 3,500, a home theatre worth Rs 8,000, digital camera printer worth Rs 8,000, a watch of Rs 2,700, music player worth Rs 3,500 and seven other mobile phones.They sought jobs as domestic helpsGanesh used to approach wealthy businessmen and request them to keep Mohan and Arjun as domestic helps. He used to introduce both as his sons and pleaded for job saying they were unemployed and living in poor conditions. After working at the employers' residence for few months, they stole the valuables when the owners had gone out. The accused have carried out two thefts in Surat and one in Gurgaon near Delhi adopting the same modus operandi. In Surat, they carried out a theft at the house of one Mohan Agarwal in Vaibhav Apartment 2009 and in 2011 they stole valuables from a businessman Rahul Rampuriya's house in Piplod. In March 2012, they also decamped with Rs 35 lakh cash from a bungalow in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695043", "title": "Civic body fails to curb water wastage at treatment plants", "text": "PUNE: The city is reeling under water cuts imposed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). However, while the civic body initiates action against citizens for wastage of water, it is seemingly turning a blind eye to the backwash water that is being drained into nullahs instead of being purified at its treatment plants.The average daily water consumption in Pune city is around 1,250 MLD. After imposing of water cuts, the city is receiving 1,050 MLD water.Activists fear that a huge amount of backwash water at treatment plants is simply being drained out. Backwash water is water that does not get treated during the purification process at treatment plants and is left over, with leakages in tanks and pipes adding to the quantity.Members of city-based Nagrik Chetana Manch (SNM) on Thursday visited the Parvati water works and noticed that about 1 MLD of backwash water was released into a nullah which then meets the Mutha river.\"We have repeatedly brought this to the notice of the civic administration. But no steps have been taken to save this water and recycle it for drinking purposes,\" SNM president Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) told TOI.\"This water should be brought back to the treatment plant and recycled. Also, wastage of backwash water is not just happening at the Parvati water works. The PMC needs to stop such wastage at all its water works,\" Jatar added. Around 5% to 7% of the total capacity of the treatment and filtration plant is backwash water.Civic water supply department head V G Kulkarni admitted that backwash water is being wasted.\"We are trying to deal with the problem. I am sure that within a month we will be able to set up a submersible pump at Parvati water works to recycle the backwash water,\" he told TOI. He further said that the PMC will take review of backwash water wastage at all its treatment plants.The PMC had earlier planned to set up a small water treatment plant at Parvati water works to recycle backwash water and the project was supposed to be completed in 2010. The PMC had announced that similar water recycling projects would be set up at Warje, Holkar bridge and Cantonment water works. However, the plans remain on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695559", "title": "Baba Ramdev's trust asked to pay Rs 4.94 crore in service tax for yoga camps", "text": "NEW DELHI: Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust is in more trouble. This time for service tax evasion of Rs 4.94 crore payable on the income generated from \"yoga shivirs (camps)\" organized across the country.The trust was issued notice by the Directorate of Central Excise Intelligence recently after scanning several documents relating to non-residential and residential yoga camps organized in the past five years.Top excise intelligence officials said income generated from Ramdev's yoga camps, in which thousands of people participate after buying coupons, came under the service tax net.As per service tax rules, yoga comes in the list of health and fitness services and Ramdev's trust will have to cough up service tax in the office of Meerut excise commissioner, excise intelligence officials said.Before issuing notice, the excise intelligence officials had questioned Acharya Balkrishan, general secretary, and S S Saini, chief accounts official, of the trust, about the service tax evasion relating to yoga camps.During investigation, it was found that in each event, a local committee sells coupons of different denominations to participants. \"These coupons are issued from the head office of the trust in Haridwar to the local committee before the event and the money collected from coupons is sent back to the head office,\" a senior excise intelligence official said.For non-residential yoga camps, the trust sells coupons (Rs 51 to Rs 5,000). Sources said when Saini was specifically asked about the seating arrangement in yoga camps, he said that it was based on denominations of the coupons.It is well known that those who are closer to the dais pay more and buy coupons of high denominations while others pay less and get a seat further away.Similarly, in residential yoga camps, the participants pay registration charges between Rs 7,000 and Rs 11,000. The participants learn yoga and they are provided boarding and lodging with facilities like AC room and meals.The money collected from such events is shown as donation from members in the balance sheet of the trust. During investigation, the trust furnished details of 67 non-residential yoga camps organized after 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694786", "title": "Bandh disrupts train services", "text": "PATNA: Train movements remained paralysed for several hours at different stations under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR) on Thursday in the wake of NDA sponsored Bharat bandh to protest steep hike in petrol price. Passengers travelling by long-distance trains suffered a lot in the sultry weather due to forcible detention of trains by the bandh supporters.According to Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM), L M Jha, the bandh supporters paralysed train movements at Rajendra Nagar Terminal, Islampur, Kiul, Lakhisarai and Ara from early morning hours. Though no damage to railway property was reported, the bandh badly affected train movements in the division, he said.The DRM said railways was forced to cancel seven passenger trains in the division on due to bandh call on Thursday. These trains included Danapur-Rajgir, Rajendra Nagar-Islampur, Patna-Digha, Patna-Jhajha, Barauni-Mughalsarai and Rajgir-Tilaiya passenger trains, he said, adding bandh supporters created a ruckus at Barahiya station in the afternoon, disrupting train movements for a few hours.Railways rescheduled at least nine trains from Patna Junction, Rajendra Nagar Terminal and Danapur stations due to the effect of bandh on train movements. Sampoorna Kranti Express was rescheduled at 8pm from Patna Junction to New Delhi while Sanghmitra Express and Magadh Express were scheduled from Patna Junction at 10pm and 8.45am, respectively.Besides, railways also rescheduled the departure of Jansadharan Express from Rajendra Nagar Terminal at 11pm, South Bihar Express at 9.30pm, Danapur-Bhagalpur Intercity at 7.30pm from Danapur, Patliputra Express at 5.45pm from Patna Junction, Patna-Katihar Jansadharan at 5.15pm from Patna Junction and Patna-Ranchi Express at 2.45pm from Patna Junction, the DRM said.According to him, the bandh supporters put a total blockade at Ara from 5am. They did not allow any train to move from Ara, either towards Patna or Mughalsarai till 10am. However, the situation became normal when GRP and railway police swung into action swiftly and chased away the bandh supporters, he said, adding a few bandh supporters courted arrest on the spot.According to an ECR official, the bandh supporters forcibly stopped trains in Sonepur and Samastipur divisions to make their presence felt and detained trains at roadside stations. \"Railways had stepped up security at all vulnerable places falling under the ECR jurisdiction in view the bandh call. The only relief to railways was that the bandh supporters did not indulge in violence or damaged railway property,\" he said.Meanwhile, a few passengers travelling by Magadh Express from Delhi and Sanghmitra Express from Bangalore complained that they suffered great hardships along with their family members for want of water supply in these trains following their forcible detention on way to Patna Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699196", "title": "Rana Daggubati-Trisha split", "text": "Friends for over ten years and 'close friends' for a fairly long time, Rana Daggubati and Trisha have reportedly parted ways. According to industry insiders, rumours of Rana's romance with Bipasha Basu and his constant need to spend time in Mumbai, took a toll on their relationship. In fact, they had an ugly showdown earlier this week.Though Rana and Trisha remained unavailable for comment, a source revealed, \"The two of them grew closer after Rana broke up with Shriya Saran. However, their budding romance could not graduate to the next level. Rana's flirtatious ways and rumours of his closeness to Bipasha Basu irked Trisha. Also, his Hindi film commitments made it impossible to divide time between Mumbai and Hyderabad. Trisha's Bollywood career, on the other hand, never really took off after Khatta Meetha failed to make an impact.\"Rumours of an affair between Rana and Trisha were sparked off when the actor chose to spend his New Year with the actress in Goa. He even ignored good friend Bipasha who was in the same place during that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696556", "title": "Aamir Khan presented one-sided truth, say doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Aamir Khan may have endeared himself to the people by showcasing many social ills through his show 'Satyamev Jayate' but has also managed to irk a few. The medical fraternity is especially unhappy with the last episode of the show that spoke about the common malpractices prevalent in the healthcare sector. One of the medical organizations has even demanded an apology from the actor for painting their ilk all black.While the doctors believe that the show was a little imbalanced with negative examples and generalizations, some patients also support them. The patients, however, believe that the task of bringing the wrong into public notice was a necessary one. They do understand that like all professions, medicos also have several black sheep among them.\"There is no denying that the things discussed in the show do happen. However, a very small percentage amongst us is indulging in these activities. The medical facilities of the country are thought to be so good that we have emerged as a centre of medical tourism. Generalising statements as sensitive as these would not do good to the country,\" said Dr Kishor Taori, president of Maharashtra Medical Council. He believes that rather than an apology, the doctors deserve a clarification that these practices are not done by everybody and that the doctors would also help weed out the bad things if the good ones from the fraternity were encouraged.President of the city chapter of Indian Medical Association (IMA) Dr Harish Chandak agreed. \"Many of us take up good projects, organize free camps and do a lot of charity work. In fact, the national IMA body has even made 'Save Girl Child' its slogan, embracing the issue. Some have adopted a few villages and are providing free medical services there,\" he informed. Calling the content of the show a little biased, he said it sent a wrong message among the people.Some others also came to the support of the doctors. Counsellor Geeta Mathur is amongst those who think the doctors deserve an apology. \"No doctor wants to harm the patient knowingly. Many times, the patients are hiding some information from the doctors and land in trouble. The research scenario in the world has never been so vibrant because of the doctors' efforts,\" she said.\"The show had people from the profession admitting to taking commissions,\" said activist Seema Sakhre in the defense of the show. However, she also expressed concern that condemning the whole fraternity for the actions of a few would affect people's faith in the noble profession. \"A reality is show cannot be complete without some dramatization. No doctor can say that such practices do not exist. They may try to get the good work they do showcased in another episode instead of demanding an apology,\" said retired professional Chandrashekhar Sharma.Medical student Ameya Kawthalkar found a few things featured on the show inspiring. \"We can learn so much from the likes of Dr Devi Shetty and the generic drug scheme. Several issues afflicting the medical field that need to be fought were highlighted in the show so there is really no need for Aamir Khan to apologise,\" he said.There were others who felt the medicos had only got their just deserts. \"Everybody knows how doctors fleece patients, the sponsored travels and gifts they get as paybacks from pharma companies. I believe these malpractices are more widespread than we would like to believe,\" said businessman Bharat Parikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695922", "title": "At 45.4\u00b0C, Delhi reels under heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The blistering heat made life miserable for people on Thursday with the national capital registering the season's highest temperature of 45.4 degrees, five notches above normal. At 31.2 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was also four notches above average. Humidity oscillated between 16 and 33%.The weatherman has forecast a partly cloudy sky and possibility of thunderstorm with squall on Friday evening. The maximum temperature is likely to come down by up to four degrees Celsius in the next two days. \"Thursday's maximum was the highest for the season. On Friday, there will be a mainly clear sky during the day and towards the evening there is possibility of a partly cloudy sky and thunderstorm. The maximum and minimum is likely to be around 44 degrees Celsius and 32 degrees Celsius,\" said a senior Met official.He said that Friday onwards, the temperature is likely to dip down by a degree or two. The city has been witnessing a heat wave in the past few days.Earlier on Wednesday, the city had recorded a maximum of 45 degrees Celsius while on May 25, the maximum was at 44 degrees, the previous highs of this season.\"The weather is absolutely torrid, and even being indoors gives little respite. Despite travelling by car with the AC on full blast, I am sweating by the time I reach my destination because it simply isn't effective against the heat,\" says Ipsita Thakur, a law student.Power demand over the days has been consistently high at around 5000 MW, but long power cuts throughout the day only added to the problems. Several south Delhi areas faced power cuts for as long as seven hours due to a technical snag.\"The power cuts have been so frequent that even the inverter battery also runs out. I end up going out to a nearby cafe or something until the light is back on,\" says Raghav Jain, who lives in Greater Kailash 1.Many areas of the capital have also been left parched this summer due to lack of water supply. South Delhi, South-West Delhi and parts of West Delhi have not been getting regular supply of water from DJB because the Haiderpur water treatment plant is under-functioning. \"There is shortage of raw water supply from Haryana which is causing the crisis. We are taking steps to overcome it,\" a DJB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695467", "title": "Doctors stress on awareness to check AIDS cases in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Volunteers of the Nagrik Adhikar Manch on Thursday organised a blood donation camp at Beli Hospital. A symposium on HIV/AIDS was also organised on the occasion. Ten volunteers donated blood while 31 persons submitted blood donation declaration forms.Senior skin and chronic disease expert, Dr AK Srivastava advised youths about the measures that can prevent AIDS. He said only awareness can create desired environment against AIDS.Dr Srivastava said, \"One of the reasons for the spread of HIV/AIDS is that people hesitate in consulting doctors and don't want to know about the preventive measures and treatment.\" He added that there is a need to dispel myths about HIV/AIDS.\"If any person shows symptoms like loss of appetite, loss of weight and burning sensation in genetialss, then he should immediately consult ICTC centre and go for HIV tests. If timely detected, then a person can be fully cured,\" said Dr Faheem Ansari while speaking at the symposium.Chief medical superintendent, Beli hospital, Dr Rama Singh said, \"It's high time to realise that AIDS is fast spreading, especially among youth, and there is a need to spread awareness among people.\" She also stressed on spreading awareness to check the spiraling number of patients.Public relation officer Anju Pathak said a series of awareness camps will be organised from July. She added that people would also be encouraged to donate blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13702697", "title": "Dhaka bound passenger lands at Bajpe airport, deported", "text": "MANGALORE: Boarding a wrong bus or train may not be uncommon occurrence, but an aircraft? In a first, a Bahrain passenger, bound to Dhaka to attend his child's funeral last week, landed at the Bajpe airport here.Mohammed Alam Mamtazuddin, who was supposed to board the Gulf Air to Dhaka, landed at the six decade old Bajpe airport on May 25, 6.30 pm by the Air India Express flight. The immigration officials, who were informed of this lapse by the airlines, deported him by the next AIE flight to Dubai.An officer in charge of the immigration was shocked by this incident. ``We have deported or detained people on the basis of fake passports, invalid visa etc. But this is for the first time I'm coming across such a case. How can there be a failure at multiple levels,'' he questioned.``In case he was an Indian, based on the validity of documents we would have deported or detained him. In case of foreigners we only deport unless there is a notice against that person,'' said the official.The Indian Airlines management here also is perplexed. ``How can such multiple level checking failures occur? The first mistake occurred during the check-in where the passenger was issued a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. But what was the passenger doing? We understand that the passenger was not in a proper state of mind after his child's loss. But how can one miss the announcements? Moreover, the passenger spoke good Hindi. At some point he should have realized that he had boarded the wrong flight - at least by looking at the interior of the aircraft. It is shocking,'' said the AI official.The air-hostess, he said, could not be blamed because the passenger had the Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. It is not known who realized the lapse, but it was brought to the notice of the Mumbai AI office by the flight commander half an hour before the flight was to land at Bajpe.The AI official said the AIE bore full expenses of the passenger's travel from Mangalore to Dubai and Dhaka. ``We will be taking up the issue with the ground handling agent,'' the official said adding this was the first time in his service he had come across such a unique and baffling case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695390", "title": "Hookah lounges under food and drugs administration's scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: After tobacco laced gutka, now hookah lounges in the city would be under the scanner of food and drug administration (FDA). The district administration has instructed the FDA inspectors to raid hookah lounges in the city. A decision was taken at a meeting held here on the occasion of world no tobacco day, on Thursday.\"In an attempt to curb the consumption of tobacco in Bhopal , we have decided to close down the hookah lounges here,\" collector Nikunj Shrivastava said.Interestingly, in January this year, the FDA raided a hookah lounge at Bittan market and found the samples positive for tobacco. However, no action was taken by the administration.It was also decided in the meeting that there would be no paan thelas within the radius of 100 meters from schools, colleges, educational institutions and hospitals. \"Residents would be fined for smoking in the public places as it is banned in India,\" he added.He also instructed the FDA officials to seize all the pouches at the paan thelas and told them to continue the drive against gutka pouches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695273", "title": "An eventful day for Rajendra Rathore, BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: After spending 55 days in jail, Rajendra Rathore walked out with folded hands and a smile on his face on Thursday. As the news of his release spread, BJP workers, who till a short while ago were protesting over hiked oil prices, rushed to the jail and broke into celebrations. He was taken on shoulders by the supporters.The day turned out to be quite eventful for both Rajendra Rathore and the BJP. At the district and sessions court, there were only a handful of Rathore supporters. No one expected him to be released so soon.Unfazed by the scorching heat, hundreds of supporters waited for more than two hours outside the jail entrance. As he came out, Rathore took no time in admonishing CM Ashok Gehlot. In his very first comments after his release, he said, \"I have spent 55 days in jail and now Gehlot government will have to answer for each day. He has polluted the politics in Rajasthan by unlawfully targeting his opponents.\"After receiving a grand welcome at the central jail, the convoy of Rathore went to Ganesh temple at Moti Doongri and then left for the BJP office where he addressed party workers and the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702520", "title": "A new girl in Tej\u2019s life in Saas Bina Sasural!", "text": "Sony TV's daily 'Saas Bina Sasural' is heading for an interesting twist as a new girl will enter Tej's (Ravi Dubey) life.Tej and Toasty's (Aishwarya Sakuja) relationship has come a long way in the show but soon their relationship will hit rock bottom with Neha Julka's entry.Viewers have already seen that the Chaturvedi family is going through a rough patch as their shop has already being shut down. The male members of the family are now hunting for jobs to support their family financially.Things will get worse for Tej and Toasty as Neha Julka's character will fall in love with Tej. Neha Julka plays Tej's boss's daughter who meets him at her father's office. However, this will be a one sided affair and Tej will not reciprocate her feelings.Neha Julka who played a cameo role in 'Geet Hui Sabse Parayi' remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695590", "title": "Former ZP man booked for assault on railway employees", "text": "MUMBAI: Four Latur residents were booked by the Government Railway Police (GRP) for assaulting three railway employees in a running train on Thursday, on the suspicion that the latter had stolen their luggage.The accused, Bapurao Rathod (41), Jitendra Shinde (40), Dilip Joshi and Mohammad Anees Mushiruddin (53), were travelling to Mumbai by the Latur Express when the incident took place. Rathod is the former president of the Latur Zilla Parishad's agricultural committee and Joshi is an RPI worker.Rathod, Shinde, Joshi and Mushiruddin were travelling in the II AC coach . Around midnight on Wednesday, when the train was near Kurduwadi, they had checked their luggage before going to sleep. But at 7am, when they woke up, their luggage was missing. They searched the entire coach, but in vain. By then, the train had crossed Thane station.\"Rathod and Mushiruddin's bags contained Rs 1 lakh each, while Shinde's bag had his documents and clothes. Joshi did not lose any luggage,\" said senior inspector S Deshmukh. The quartet then caught hold of the coach attendant, Nilesh Aade, who is a contractual employee. They questioned him as to where their luggage had disappeared although the door to the coach was shut. Aade said it wasn't his job to look after commuters' bags.Blaming him for the theft, the four manhandled Aade, after which coach mechanic Mahadev Shankar intervened, but was also assaulted and sustained a fracture to his hand. The conductor of the train, MR Dixit, arrived by then and advised the four to report the theft to the GRP. But they assaulted him, causing an injury near his eye.The incident took place between Thane and CST. The train halted at CST where its journey terminated, but the Latur residents refused to get off until the cops arrived. Both, GRP and Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel, entered the coach and rescued the three railway employees who had been confined inside. \"The four Latur residents threw a tantrum, demanding to meet senior police officials and insisting that their complaint of theft be registered on the train itself. Initially, they accused the three railway employees of stealing their luggage, they later admitted that unknown persons were involved,\" an official said.FIRs for assault and theft are likely to be transferred to the Thane GRP, who will decide on the next course of action. Following the incident, railway union members protested about the assault outside the GRP chowky at CST.\"It is condemnable that passengers have cast suspicion on railway personnel without any basis and also assaulted them,\" said a CR spokesperson.The three railway employees were later sent for a medical examination to St George Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693557", "title": "Girl kills self over 13 marks in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Upset over scoring poor marks in Plus II examination, a girl allegedly committed suicide in Retang area here late on Wednesday night. The deceased, Agrani Baliarsingh, was a science student in a private college at Jatni. Baliarsingh consumed poison to end her life, police said. \"She was rushed to Capital Hospital in a critical condition. She died late in the night,\" said an officer of Airfield police station.\"Family claimed she fell short of 13 marks to secure first division. We are verifying the cause of her death,\" the police officer said. Plus II results were declared on Wednesday. Her father Aditya Baliarsingh said: \"She was very optimistic to secure first division. I doubt the valuation process. I would move the court seeking revaluation of her papers.\"The tragic incident took place hours after two other students ended their lives in Rourkela and Balasore after flunking in the annual examination, conducted by the council of higher secondary education (CHSE). While science student Madhusmita Dhal took the extreme step in Rourkela, Arts student Sarojini Behera hung herself to death from ceiling of her house in Balasore.Another girl in Cuttack allegedly attempted suicide after securing poor marks in the CHSE examination. The victim Sonalika Mohanty of Choudwar area jumped into a well, but was rescued following timely intervention by the fire brigade, sources said. She was admitted to a nearby hospital.Psychiatrists expressed concern over the disturbing trend of students committing suicide after publication of results of various examinations in the state. \"Students are taking the extreme step following depression. They need to be counselled properly. Besides, they should develop the will power of not succumbing to pressure,\" a psychiatrist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695336", "title": "'BJP gains most from bandh'", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Shiv Sena keeping a relatively low profile, the BJP has profited from Thursday's Bharat bandh in Maharashtra, say political observers.The BJP had prepared its organizational units in Mumbai, Thane, Pune and elsewhere in the state for the bandh, using the opportunity for a mass contact drive. \"But the Sena did not pull out all stops for the bandh,\" a Mumbai BJP functionary said.Saamna, in its Thursday issue, front-paged Uddhav Thackeray's appeal to Shiv Sainiks to strive hard to make the stir a success. However, there was no word of support for the bandh from Sena chief Bal Thackeray, the BJP member added.The BJP had a line-up of its key functionaries to monitor the bandh across the state. For instance, Gopinath Munde was deployed in Aurangabad, Sudhir Mungantiwar in Mumbai, Devendra Phadnavis in Pune and Vinod Tawde in Nagpur. The party's Mumbai MLAs were out on the road since morning.BJP strongholds such as the Borivli-Kandivli-Malad-Dahisar belt and the Ghatkopar-Mulund area came to a near-standstill by afternoon. The Sena's Subhash Desai and Vinod Ghosalkar were seen leading Sainiks in their respective pocketboroughs.The BJP used novel methods to tap people's ire at the petrol price hike. Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse led a bullock cart morcha in Jalgaon to underscore the shortage of petrol in view of its spiralling price.At the Dahisar check naka in Mumbai, Ram Naik and a band of BJP workers ignited firewood to cook a meal. Naik, the 70-plus former minister for petroleum, and his followers were promptly arrested. In Akola, Sena-BJP activists blocked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's motorcade and showed him black flags. Chavan was in Akola to preside over a university function.The Sena concentrated on the Lalbaug-Parel, Worli and Dadar areas. Sainiks were also active in Khed and Chiplun in the coastal Konkan region. RPI chief Ramdas Athavle was arrested in Kherwadi, Bandra, while several party activists took to the streets in Navi Mumbai.Saying there was no need to go into which party played a greater role in the success of the bandh, Sena MP Sanjay Raut said the agitation was an outburst against UPA-II's policies. \"The discontent of citizens will reflect in the ballot box in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" Raut added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13696376", "title": "Two Zeliangrong United Front cadres killed in Manipur gunfight", "text": "IMPHAL: At least two cadres of the newly set up Zeliangrong United Front (Zuf) were killed and another sustained injuries in a fresh gunfight with the rival NSCN (IM) fighters in the remote Nungba area of Manipur's Tamenglong district on Wednesday.A breakaway group from several Naga outfits, including NSCN (IM), ZUF was formed with the primary objective to defend land, resources, culture and the traditional and historical values of the Zeliangroung community.The two cadres killed in the gunfight have been identified as D Panmei (18) of Taosang village and P Riamei (19) of Khoupam, the strong hold of the outfit , a source said. He added that security has been tightened following the incident.A condolence service of the two slain cadres was held in the Longmai area late on Thursday night, a sources said. There have been various gunfights between ZUF and NSCN (IM) cadres in various places of Tamenglong. These clashes are believed to be over area domination and control by two rival groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696755", "title": "Marijuana is most smuggled drug in state this year: NCB", "text": "CHENNAI: Marijuana (ganja) is the favourite of the state's drug smugglers this year, say the latest seizure figures of the Narcotic Control Bureau (NCB). According to the figures, ephedrine was on top of the list last year but no seizure of the popular party drug has been made so far this year.The seizure details available with TOI show that 96 kg of marijuana was seized till May this year along with 3.81 kg of heroin and 632 gm of cocaine. In 2011, 53 kg of marijuana was seized against 106.43 kg of ephedrine seized (see graph). No cocaine was seized last year.NCB officials said stringent measures at Chennai airport had reduced trafficking of many illicit drugs to south-east Asia but the smuggling of marijuana, known as a local drug here, continued. Officials said the number of cases of drugs being taken out through parcels is alarming. NCB Chennai Zone assistant director Manoj Kumar told TOI all suspicious parcels were being tracked with the help of private courier firms and India Post. \"We have instructed all courier agencies to inform us if they find anything suspicious\" he added.Manoj Kumar said a drug network involving some Nigerians was thriving in Salem, Erode and Coimbatore. \"Many Nigerians were caught in the last few years and steps are on to bust the racket.\"Recent seizures reveal that smuggling drugs through courier is the most preferred method. On May 23, a 38-year-old Nigerian national was caught in Coimbatore trying to smuggle 510 gm of cocaine through a parcel. \"The address of the sender in the parcel was suspicious. So the courier firm informed us and we nabbed him. Steps are on to nab the entire gang,\" said a senior NCB official.Sources said the smugglers constantly changed their modus operandi. \"Most of the time, drugs are placed in inner pockets of parcel,\" said another official. Narcotics were also smuggled out inside dress material, including sarees and churidars, as well as in sandals, ladies' bags and tea packets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695058", "title": "Three builders released on bail", "text": "PUNE: Additional chief judicial magistrate V K Yawalkar on Thursday released three builders on bail who were arrested in connection with the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) certificate scam. The builders - Moiz Poonawala, Aslam Haji and Harish Arora - were released on a personal bond of Rs 25,000 each with one or two solvent sureties of the like amount. They were warned not to tamper with the prosecution's evidence and cooperate with the investigating officer whenever they were called for questioning. They were directed to give attendance at the state criminal investigation department (CID), Pune, every Monday between 11 am and 1 pm till the investigations were completed. The trio was restrained from visiting their residence and offices for three days to enable the CID to conduct searches.The CID had arrested the builders on Wednesday night after their alleged involvement in the ULC scam came to light.The CID produced the builders before the court to seek police custody remand of seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695443", "title": "No epidemiologist in Bhopal for disease surveillance", "text": "BHOPAL: The integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) - meant to detect and respond to disease outbreaks quickly - would be without a full time epidemiologist in the state capital. As the monsoon approaches the situation is no different in the other 50 districts of the state.Monsoons are critical as chances of outbreak of diseases and infections go up. 30 IDSPs in the state are functioning without an epidemiologist. Worse many of the staff of IDSP have quit, as they have not been paid salary since March.The main task of an epidemiologist is to detect, patterns of health-events which include pandemics such as Japanese (mental) fever, malaria, dengue, swine flu and chikungunya from spreading in the city. IDSP is renewed on a yearly basis, for which an in principle approval was given March this year.Blaming the union ministry for the delay, director family welfare, Dr K K Thassu said, \"The project implementation plan for 2012-13 has recently been approved and the salaries would be paid soon.\"\"District epidemiologist who has been handed the temporary charge of state epidemiologist continue to take care of Bhopal too,\" he added.There are no epidemiologist's in malaria prone districts of Alirajpur, Mandsaur and Sidhi. \"Epidemiologist are a difficult to find,\" said Dr Thassu, hoping renewed contracts of ISDP staff would make them continue. Sidhi and Mandsaur alone accounted for about 100 malaria related death last year.IDSP's major components include surveillance, strengthening of public health laboratories, human resource development and data gathering. Non-communicable diseases risk factor survey has also been conducted by IDSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13695126", "title": "IMA plans to set up summer clinics", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With mercury hovering around 45 degrees Celsius and heat wave continuing to take its toll on the residents of the Steel City, the Indian Medical Association (IMA) has decided to organize summer clinics for those affected by the sultry weather, in Singhbhum region.The Jamshedpur chapter of the IMA will soon announce dates for setting up a camp in East Singhbhum and Seraikela Kharswan districts. The doctor's outfit has convened a meeting on June 2 to decide upon the logistics for organizing the camp.\"The meeting will take into account the views and opinions of the fellow IMA members on the subject and thereafter we will decide upon the dates for organizing summer clinics, free of cost and once in a month,\" said secretary of IMA, Jamshedpur chapter, Dr Mritunjay Singh. He also said the medical clinic will be known as IMA Day clinic.Among other things, the doctors attending the proposed meeting will be encouraged to diagnose the economically-deprived patients free of cost, at their respective clinics.\"Normally, the doctors practice charity at their clinics once in a while but we aim to encourage them to do so regularly,\" said Dr Singh.In addition to this, IMA will print the dos and don'ts in the local newspapers informing the people about the precautionary measures one should follow to escape the gruelling heat and its consequences.\"Lack of awareness is one of the reasons why people fall ill and suffer from heat stroke and allergies in the summers,\" said Dr Singh.The number of the patients affected by the summer heat is on the rise in the two districts with unofficial reports suggesting two deaths, so far in East Singhbhum. However the district administration denied the deaths.\"There is no report of any casualty and the department is yet to receive a full report on the number of patients affected due to heat wave,\" said East Singhbhum civil surgeon Dr Vibha Sharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694736", "title": "Girls keen to study commerce", "text": "PATNA: With the admission fever gripping Magadh University colleges these days, a section of students, particularly girls, are more interested in pursuing their studies in commerce stream. Science and Arts are secondary for them. Perhaps, these girls find commerce an ideal stream to pursue MBA or Bachelor of Business Management (BBM) courses in future.Shreya has passed the school final examination this year with high marks in commerce subjects. She opted for commerce from school days and wants to pursue her career in management. \"I would try my luck outside Bihar to get admission to a college which imparts better teaching in commerce stream. Otherwise, I would prefer any of the colleges in Patna,\" she said.Soma opted for commerce with an aim to pursue chartered accountancy (CA) course. She feels commerce is the best bet for career-oriented girls. After doing her graduation from B D College, a constituent college of Magadh University, she would like to join CA course in Patna itself, she said.According to B D College principal B N Ojha, the college has introduced a separate section for girls in Intermediate due to rush of students. While there are over 200 seats for girls in Intermediate, the college has two other separate sections for boys at Intermediate level, which include 250 students in each section of boys, he said, adding commerce has become the first choice for girls up to degree-level courses.\"Since most of the girls are from social justice group at this college, the university finally permitted the college to offer postgraduate (PG) teaching in commerce from last year. There are 77 seats in PG commerce,\" he said.Arvind Mahila college has also started teaching commerce at degree level. \"Girls are keen to pursue commerce these days as they want to become self-dependent in life. The college has developed its infrastructure for girl students pursuing commerce on its campus,\" said college principal Asha Singh.College of Commerce is another old college imparting teaching in commerce at PG level. Hundreds of students are pursuing their career in commerce at this college, said a senior teacher of the college, adding that the college is fully geared up to admit students in commerce at Intermediate level in July this year .According to HoD of Commerce at B D College, P K Agrawal, the college has started separate counselling for girls to opt commerce. They are very well briefed about the importance of the subject soon after their admission to this stream. The college provides all kinds of facilities, including books, to girl students and give extra care to meritorious and talented students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694492", "title": "Maid abuse: CWC wants girl's statement under CrPC 164", "text": "NOIDA: With two separate cases of domestic help abuse being reported in Noida within three days, the child welfare committee has instructed police to record the statement of a 13-year-old domestic help under Section 164 of CrPC. She was allegedly abused by her employers in their Sector 44 residence. CWC officials said this move would strengthen the girl's case and aid in her receiving swift justice.CWC said that in the FIR, police had applied all sections relevant to child labour, involuntary confinement and bonded labour, but for the girl's rehabilitation, her statement should be recorded by the ACJM under Section 164 of CrPC. \"Once the statement has been recorded by the ACJM under this section, the rehabilitation process for the girl can begin and she can be released from judicial custody,\" said a CWC official.In the other case - in which another girl had been allegedly abused by her software engineer employer for almost a year - police said they were awaiting the medical report to verify the exact age of the girl.The first case was reported to police on March 24 following which the girl, aged between 13 and 14 years, was rescued from the Sector 44 house in Noida. \"The girl was employed by a couple, Jagdeep and Shilpa Relan. The husband didn't live in Noida. When we rescued the girl, her body was riddled with injuries,\" said the police. The parents of the girl arrived in Noida from their village in Jharkhand on Sunday.In the second case, police are waiting for the health department to submit the age proof of the girl. \"In this case, the girl is around 14 years old and we need to be sure about her age because if she's older than 14, the child labour act doesn't apply to her,\" said a police official. Police also said they had traced the girl's family in Jharkhand with the aid of the state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694774", "title": "British Deputy High Commission inaugurated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The UK government on Thursday opened its Deputy High Commission at Taj Deccan Hotel, Banjara Hills. Inaugurating the high commission, Simon Fraser , permanent under secretary and head of the British diplomatic service, said that the new commission was expected to improve bilateral ties of trade and investment in India and AP, in particular.Soon after opening the high commission, James Bevan, British High Commissioner to India, met chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and governor ESL Narasimhan. Briefing the press following the inauguration, officials from UK said that they opened the deputy high commission in Hyderabad as the city and the state had a bright future. \"We would like to be part of shaping that future. AP is a big state with fast growth and it is increasingly prosperous,\" said Bevan.However, visas will continue to be issued by the consulate in Chennai and processed by the local office as has been the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "13694674", "title": "MLA's husband Awadhesh Mandal arrested", "text": "PURNIA: Rupauli JD(U) MLA Bima Bharati's husband, Awadhesh Mandal was arrested at his village home, Bhitta, under Akbarpur police outpost in Purnia district on Thursday.A historysheeter and the kingpin of an illegal outfit, North Liberation Army, Awadhesh Mandal had been declared a habitual offender by Purnia DM N Saravanan Kumar for manhandling the Bhawanipore block nazir last Wednesday. After this incident, Mandal had been ordered to register his presence daily at 10 am at Akbarpur police outpost, which order he flouted, said Purnia SP Amit Lodha.The Purnia SP, Amit Lodha, told TOI that the habitual offender, wanted in connection with many crimes, was this time arrested in connection with manhandling and assaulting the Bhawanipore block nazir. When asked if the habitual offender had again indulged in wife-bashing, the SP did not rule it out saying Bima Bharati was bashed up by her husband on Wednesday.A known wife-basher, Mandal, it may be recalled, was arrested in December, 2010, for frequently bashing up his wife in her flat in Patna and later at their village home. He was, however, released after Bharati capitulated and withdrew the complaint against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695442", "title": "Heatstroke cases on the rise", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With soaring mercury, cases of heatstroke and other related health problems are being reported in district hospitals on a regular basis.Doctors have advised people to maintain extra caution while moving during daytime to prevent becoming a victim of heat stroke. A physician of MLN district hospital Dr Rajesh Srivastava said that heat stroke also known as heat hyperpyreixiam occurs due to overheating of the body. It can also occur in people who are not habitual to hot humid environment or hot sunny season. People who sweat less are much prone to heat stroke.Unsuitable clothing and poor ventilation always increase the risk. People who are exposed to Sun for longer period and having lack of sweating may develop their body temperature 104 degree Fahrenheit to 105 degree Fahrenheit. Due to abnormal rise of body temperature it is the central nervous system and brain which are most commonly effected. There is congestion and increase pressure inside the brain, he said.The common symptoms and signs of heatstroke include high body temperature, the absence of sweating, with hot red or flushed dry skin difficulty breathing.When temperature rises more than 105 degree Fahrenheit.Patient become unconsious and die unless properly treated.Due to high fever their might be severe dehydration kidney failure or internal haemorrage which is responsible for deaths. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695182", "title": "Chhattisgarh's annual plan finalized at Rs 23,480 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission approved Rs 23,480 crore annual plan outlay for Chhattisgarh for 2012-13, which is over 40% higher than the outlay for the last fiscal.The outlay for the state was finalized at a meeting between plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh .Ahluwalia praised the state for its effort in improving human development index, pointing out that health indicators have shown substantial improvement but recent deterioration in child-sex ratio is a matter of concern.Attention was also drawn to growing number of out of school children, large vacancies of teachers in schools and also large number of untrained teachers. It was also pointed out that nearly 70% of private schools do not have separate toilets for girls.The commission asked the state to encourage industrial investment in mineral sector and public private partnership in development of industrial infrastructure. It was also suggested that state may introduce tele-medicine concept for improving quality of health services in small hospitals.The CM, who had boycotted last year's meeting after the plan panel included Naxal sympathizer Binayak Sen in its committee, said the state would be following a policy of faster and more inclusive growth with 10% growth target during 12th five year plan period.Singh said food grain allocation under PDS should be based on the Tendulkar Committee report and not on the basis of poverty estimates of 1993-94.The CM also reiterated his stand on providing food grain to below poverty line people instead of giving them direct subsidy, saying that direct cash transfers would be joke with poor people. Singh also highlighted the problems faced by the upcoming projects whose coal linkages fall in no-go areas.He also called for the urgent need for recognition of three year medical diploma course to make up for the shortage of medicos in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696186", "title": "Motamma renominated for council polls", "text": "BANGALORE: The Congress finalised the names of four candidates for the June 11 biennial election to the Karnataka legislative council. Friday is the last day for filing of nominations.On Thursday, the Congress high command cleared names of outgoing opposition leader C Motamma, former MP Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, K Govindraju and former MLA M R Seetharam, KPCC president Parameshwar told reporters here.Congress will field Seetharam as its fourth candidate, banking on the surplus votes of independents and other parties. The Congress, which has a strength of 71 in the 225-member assembly, can easily win three seats as each winning candidate requires 19 first preference votes. Congress will be left with 14 surplus votes. Motamma is the lone candidate to be nominated for a second term. Saradagi is a former MP from Gulbarga and Govindaraju is chairman of the Karnataka Sports Council.Asked about the possibility of fourth candidate winning the polls, Parameshwar said the party would seek support from other parties or independents. \"We'll soon get in touch with independents,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695404", "title": "Zardari's sister in India for tips to fight polio", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lessons learnt from India, specially how it tracked down and immunized its large migrant population against polio, an exercise that finally led to the country eradicate the virus -- will now help Pakistan combat the crippling disease.Shahnaz Wazir Ali, the Pakistani prime minister's national focal person on polio eradication who is leading a nine-member delegation to India, told TOI in an interview that the focus will now be on its migratory Pashtun community.According to Ali, who met health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and Bill Gates on Thursday, over 75% of the polio cases in Pakistan are among this group and \"we are keen to learn from India's experience of tracking, mobilizing and immunizing the migrant population\".Pakistan will also emulate India's surveillance and monitoring system that successfully generated real time data on how many kids are actually missed by vaccinators and how they are later tracked down and given polio drops.Pakistan is among the three remaining polio endemic countries in the world along with Afghanistan and Nigeria. India was struck off the list of polio endemic countries in February 2012 after completing over a year without any fresh case of polio.Ali said, \"We have invited minister Azad to visit us so that we can better learn from India's polio experience. We have also asked for regular exchange between polio expert groups from both countries.\"The Pakistani delegation included member of the national task force on polio Dr Azra Fazal Pechuho, who is Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari's sister.Dr Pechuho told TOI, \"The polio threat is highest in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). The insurgency and the military action made accessibility to the FATA areas limited, making it difficult for our vaccinators to reach people. The lacunas in our programme can now be filled from what we have learnt from India.\"Ali added, \"Another reason were the floods that caused massive destruction in Pakistan. Large parts were inundated and infrastructure destroyed. All our energies were then focused on relief and polio programme took a hit.\"Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan - the only three polio endemic countries -- have seen a significant increase in new cases in 2011 compared with 2010. Afghanistan and Pakistan experienced a 220% and 37% increase respectively.Further, Nigeria and Pakistan were the only two countries with confirmed circulation of the P3 virus strain since September 2011.Ali was all praise for the Indian government's financial commitment to the polio programme. India's health ministry spent almost Rs 12,000 crore on polio from its own pocket.She said, \"Our national emergency polio programme floated in 2011 worth $177 million is being financed by the government. We are at present short by $24 million. For our routine immunization programme, we have 2.5 billion Pakistani rupees financed mainly by the Gates Foundation , the Japanese government, USAID and World Bank .\"According to Dr Pechuho, more than exporting the virus to other countries, \"we are more worried about internal spread of the virus. Last year, 18 cases of polio were from FATA while this year till now we have seven cases from this region\".India's Pulse Polio campaigns involved nearly 24 lakh volunteers, 1.5 lakh supervisors and Rapid Response Teams for a swift response.Similar to India which increased surveillance against polio on the Line of Control (LoC), Pakistan has set up 22 posts, manned round the clock, on its Afghan border, 8 in Balochistan and one in China to vaccinate children coming into against polio.India had set up vaccination booths at Chakdabagh (Poonch) and at Kaman (Baramullah) of Jammu and Kashmir, Munabo railway station in the Barmer district of Rajasthan and at Wagah border and Attari railway station in Punjab to administer polio drops to all children below 5 years of age, coming in from Pakistan. This was done to control the biggest threat of importation of the virus.\"We will now emulate India and focus on generating real data on children vaccinated and missed. We will focus on our migrant population and carry out a mapping exercise on their movements. We will conduct special polio immunization rounds just like India did to reach out to more children,\" Ali said.Bill Gates said India's story illustrated the possibility of tremendous progress even in the face of difficult economic times, a challenging environment and competing development needs.The surveillance for poliovirus in India is among the most sensitive in the world. As many as 35,325 reporting sites across the county report Acute Flaccid Paralysis cases for collection of stool samples and testing in the laboratories for poliovirus. The progress also results from ensuring 99% coverage in each vaccination round.According to Gates, eradication of polio globally could save the world up to $50 billion over the next 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696541", "title": "Civic body to crack down on bakeries", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will undertake a review of all bakeries in the city from the first week of June onwards. The decision follows Wednesday's tragedy at Trombay's Cheeta Camp where a cylinder exploded in a bakery, operating an illegal factory, killing five people and injuring 43. In the first step of the initiative , the heath department will identify and survey bakeries across the city. \"We have decided to identify all bakeries and see if they are complying with all the necessary conditions . We are in the process of finalizing the protocol,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.The issue of safety measures in bakeries had been brought up earlier this month by the BMC's health committee . Members had demanded a review of all bakeries because they thought that several of them were functioning without authorization or licences. The health committee has also decided to go launch a drive against illegal bakeries operating near hospitals. \"We have received many complaints of unhygienic bakeries that are causing a nuisance to residents because of the smoke they emit. We need to see how many of them are operating without the necessary licences and penalize them,\" said health committee chairman Geeta Gawli.A civic official said that bakeries need to shop and establishments licences to operate. It is necessary to get a no-objection certificate from the buildings and factory department and the chief fire officer. An environmental clearance is also required. \"We will serve notices to bakeries that are flouting norms and ask them to comply with the rules. If they don't , the owners will be prosecuted ,\" said executive health officer Anil Bandivadekar.Explosion FalloutBMC officials have razed the illegal bakery structure at Cheeta Camp Of the 14 cylinders seized, five were meant only for domestic use. Fire officials clearing debris say there could be more cylinders Mahamad Ansari, who runs the bakery, has been remanded in police custody till June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13700746", "title": "BEML to send defamation notice to General VK Singh", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after General VK Singh's retirement, BEML (Bharath Earth Movers Limited) has decided to slap him with a defamation notice for the allegations he levelled against the Indian public sector undertaking.Chairman and managing director of BEML, VRS Natarajan claimed that all the deals by BEML were \"transparent\" and the statements by the retired general were false and motivated. ``He must apologise,'' Natarajan said.General VK Singh had raised concern over the irregularities in the Tatra deal by BEML and had said that all the deals by BEML should be investigated.In a response to this, Natarajan said: \"Not a single letter has been received by BEML stating that any of the vehicles were substandard. Charges made by General VK Singh are false and motivated. By saying that anything to do with BEML must be probed, he is damaging our image and it is not expected from a man of his stature.\"He denied his involvement in the alleged irregularities BEML housing cooperation - including land being allocated to the kin of TKA Nair, adviser to PMO - stating that the BEML management was not responsible for the cooperative socialites. However he did not respond to the statement given to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) by formal president of BEML housing cooperation that he had allocated sites at Natarajan's directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13694976", "title": "Organic farming gains momentum in Kodai", "text": "MADURAI: Organic farming is gaining momentum in Kodaikanal as more farmers are taking to it for long-lasting benefits.According to S Raja Mohamed, deputy director of horticulture, Kodaikanal, farmers have begun realising the benefits of using vermicompost and are setting up the units with alacrity. He said that farmers like A Venkatesan Iyyer from Vilpatti and K Rajesh Kannan from Periyur, near Kodaikanal have already started vermicomposting units and are now ready to supply the same to others who need the organic manure.The department had set a target for two persons to set up these units and both Iyyer and Kannan were given the subsidy on a first-come-first-serve basis. Each farmer is projected to produce 25 tonnes of manure per year, which they will keep for their personal use and also help others. They are given a 50% subsidy if they adhere to the specifications of the National Horticultural Mission.Mohamed said that this natural farming technique is gaining momentum in the district primarily because of quality production with minimum cost for producing unpolluted farm produces. \"Organic farming in horticulture started taking roots and attained considerable momentum some 10 years ago. Most of the farmers were initially reluctant of adopting this practice because of poor yield in the beginning stage,\" said Mohamed.Besides the two who obtained the subsidy from the horticulture department, there are more than 100 farmers in the region who are using vermicompost for individual crops like garlic, coffee and select vegetables in Pethupparai, Vilpatti, Thandikudi and Sembarankulam areas. Kumaran, a farmer in Sembarankulam has mastered the polyhouse technique of growing vegetables which are 100% organic. Organically grown, garlic and coffee have to be tasted to experience the difference, according to these farmers.According to Mohamed, vermicompost was especially good for horticultural crops like fruits, vegetables, flowers and lawns, as the organic manure would not be easily leached from the soil due to heavy rainfall and it would also improve the humus contents, structure and water holding capacity of the soil.S Pandiarajan, a farmer from Kodaikanal said that organic farming flourished in this region in the pre-independence era. \"Then people started going in for artificial fertilisers with making money being the only motive, after which the diseases also multiplied. It is good that they have realised the goodness of organic farming and slowly started returning to it,\" he said.Nadesan, a farmer from Thandikudi says that the water retention capacity of the soil is one of the most important aspects of farming and using organic vermicompost has been a proven factor that enhances it.\"Nature is the best role model for farming since it does not use any inputs nor demand unreasonable quantities of water,\" Mohamed added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696373", "title": "Fusion recital blends Tagore with Sattriya", "text": "GUWAHATI: A fusion rendition of Sattriya dance set to the tunes of Tagore's immortal ballads based on the six seasons will be performed at Rabindra Bhavan here on Friday.The dance recital, entitled Ritu Rang, is being organised by Abhinaya, a city-based cultural society, with the support of the North Eastern Zone Cultural Centre (NEZCC). It will be choreographed by Anita Sharma, who is also the director of Abhinaya.The recital is an attempt to effect a unique fusion of traditional Assamese Sattriya dance blended with the splendour of Tagore's immortal verses, based on the seasons.\"Through this recital, we want to honour Tagore on the occasion of his 150th birth anniversary. I have performed Ritu Rang before and it has generated enthusiastic response from audiences. I am happy to perform it here. Ritu Ranga is based on six poems and some songs penned by Tagore. We have translated the six poems into Assamese, but the songs will be in Bengali. They will be the backdrop for a Sattriya performance accompanied by the traditional 'khol', 'nagara', 'mriganka' and other instruments,\" said Anita.Noted flautist Deepak Sharma, musician Bhiburanjan Choudhury, violinist Manoj Baruah, 'khol' player Bhaskar Jyoti Ojha, and others will provide musical support to nine dancers during the dance recital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693588", "title": "8 MoUs signed at Indo-African meet", "text": "SURAT: Eight MOUs in different sectors having business potential of over 16 million US $ were signed at the Indo-African Conclave here on Thursday.Eight business firms from Surat and Rajkot in sectors like dairy and farm processing, agro processing, low cost housing, water purification, information technology, wood treatment, biomass machines &amp; electric transformers and hotel construction entered into an agreement with their counterparts from Namibia, Nigeria, Ghana and Zambia to set up business units there.City-based Kavish Group inked three MoUs to set up dairy and farm products unit in Namibia.An MoU in information technology was inked between Kanfo Technologies Pvt.Ltd and Governor of Omaheke, Namibia for $ 1 million, whileSupply of water purification and packaging between Hydro Purification Technologies and Nigeria-based Jenis International worth Rs 90 lakhs was also signed along with low-cost housing and hotel between KKB Group and Techno Point Concepts of Nigeria worth $ 10 million. Bluechip Technologies and Kavish group signed a similar MoU with Shaaba Enterprises, Ghana worth $ 2, 00,000.Harshad Engineering and Zambia-based Fallsway Timbers Ltd. signed an MoU worth $1 million. The Rajkot firm also inked an agreement for setting up a unit for biomass machines and electric transformers with Nigeria's Volt Amp worth $1 million.Surat: Eight MOUs in different sectors having business potential of over 16 million US $ were signed at the Indo-African Conclave here on Thursday.Eight business firms from Surat and Rajkot in sectors like dairy and farm processing, agro processing, low cost housing, water purification, information technology, wood treatment, biomass machines &amp; electric transformers and hotel construction entered into an agreement with their counterparts from Namibia, Nigeria, Ghana and Zambia to set up business units there.City-based Kavish Group inked three MoUs to set up dairy and farm products unit in Namibia. An MoU in information technology was inked between Kanfo Technologies Pvt.Ltd and Governor of Omaheke, Namibia for $ 1 million, whileSupply of water purification and packaging between Hydro Purification Technologies and Nigeria-based Jenis International worth Rs 90 lakhs was also signed along with low-cost housing and hotel between KKB Group and Techno Point Concepts of Nigeria worth $ 10 million.Bluechip Technologies and Kavish group signed a similar MoU with Shaaba Enterprises, Ghana worth $ 2, 00,000.Harshad Engineering and Zambia-based Fallsway Timbers Ltd. signed an MoU worth $1 million.The Rajkot firm also inked an agreement for setting up a unit for biomass machines and electric transformers with Nigeria's Volt Amp worth $1 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700058", "title": "Bp", "text": "CreditsMovie : BP (Balak-Palak)Cast : Subodh Bhave, Sai Tamhankar, Kishore Kadam, Anand Ingale and Avinash Narkar; Child Artistes - Madan Deodhar, Shaswati Pimplekar, Bhagyashee Shankpal, Prathamesh Parab and Rohit PhalkeMusic Director : Vishal ShekharStory / Writer : Amber Hadap and Ganesh PanditDirector : Ravi JadhavProducer : Uttung Hitendra Thakur and Meghana JadhavBanner : Viva InEn and Ravi Jadhav FilmsSynopsis: With BP Ravi Jadhav is all set to show the problems faced by children during adolescence. It will also guide parents on how to deal with such issues. BP has been taken from a Marathi play with the same name and theme. The play was written by Ganesh Pandit and Amber Hadap.However, in the movie a cinematic touch has been given to the plot to make the audience connect to it better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13695074", "title": "In Jharkhand activists demand ban on tobacco", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Expressing deep concern over the rising number of mouth cancer , cases, activists of Abhibhavak Manch demanded a ban on sale of tobacco in the state in a seminar held at Mahadeo Lal Khemraj Smriti Bhawan to mark World No Tobacco Day on Thursday. Almost all the speakers in their speech highlighted the ill effects of consuming tobacco. They stressed on complete ban on tobacco from its production, storage to its sale in the state.District in-charge of Abhibhavak Manch, Sanjay Sarraf said state government must use powers given under food safety and measurement law 2006 to ban tobacco in the state. He said India leads the world in tobacco-related diseases.Jugal Kishore Prasad said tobacco products have chemicals that can cause deaths from regular use. It causes throat, mouth and lung cancer. He asked the young to keep away from tobacco products. Shahdeo said that a representative of the Manch would meet CM Arjun Munda soon with their demand to ban tobacco in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695456", "title": "Politicians, traders come on roads to demonstrate against petrol hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Protests and demonstrations in different localities marked the 'Bharat Bandh' in the city called by opposition parties to express their anger over the rising prices of petrol and other essential commodities.Samajwadi Party (SP) activists began the protest in the morning hours by stopping the Mumbai-bound Saket Express near Niranjan overbridge. They raised slogans against the Central government and demanded rollback of petrol prices. The train was held up for more than half an hour before the blockage was lifted with the arrival of police force after which the protestors left the stop.Led by city president, Dr Noora Alam party workers also burnt effigy of the Union government to lodge their protest.Addressing the gathering Alam said \"By hiking the price of petrol the Centre has cheated the common man and this would affect the prices of other commodities also in the near future.He said that the Congress would face the consequences in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.On the other hand, a group of volunteers of Samajwadi Yuvjan Sabha stopped the Ganga Gomti Express near CMP degree college overbridge. Here also the train was held up for more than half an hour as a result of which the departure of the train from Prayag railway station was delayed by around 45 minutes.Workers of Samajwadi Chatra Sabha led by Abhishek Yadav torched an effigy of the prime minister at Hindu hostel crossing and blocked the Allahabad Kanpur highway for more than two hours. Traffic on the route came to grinding halt with rows of vehicles parked on the road awaiting lifting of the blockade. On the call given by National Democratic Alliance(NDA) Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) leaders alongwith party workers gathered near the historic neem tree in Chowk area.Led by national co-convenor, Panchayati raj cell, Yogesh Shukla party activists sought support of people from all sections of society against the anti-people policies of the central government.Addressing the gathering Shukla said \"petrol is the most essential requirement of common man but owing to faulty policies of the central government it has become out of reach of common man which is very unfortunate and shocking. He demanded immediate rollback of petrol prices and reminded that when Manmohan Singh became the prime minister of the country in 2004 the price of petrol stood at Rs 40 per litre and now it has reached around Rs 77 per litre within 8 years.On the other hand party workers led by national spokesperson, Siddharta Nath Singh and former Bara MLA, Udaybhan Karvariya took out a symbolic funeral procession of the UPA government at the centre.They shouted slogans against the central government and urged the union petroleum minister to withdraw the hike in petrol prices.Office bearers of Communist Party of India(Marxist) also gathered at the Subhash crossing in Civil Lines and staged a demonstration under the leadership of district secretary Ravi Mishra.Later on a nukkad sabha was also organised at roadways crossing where the activists highlighted the impact of spiralling prices on the life of common man.City traders on the call given by members of Sanyukta Vyapar Mandal observed a total bandh in Chowk and other areas and downed their shutters.President of the Sabha, Syed Mohd Askari expressed gratitude to the members of the business community for making the bandh a complete success.Members of students wing of Samajwadi Party led by Raghvendra Yadav formed a human chain near Hindu hostel crossing and later torched an effigy of the prime minister.They also had heated exchanges with the police force present on the spot. CPI(ML) New Democracy took out protest marches in Chail tehsil of Kaushambi and Gohania market in Bara to agitate against petrol hike. They also burnt the effigy of UPA government.In Chail, more than 400 activists took out a protest march. They carried banners and placards and shouted slogans against the Central government. CPI(ML) condemned the Central government plea that rupee has devalued and the international prices of crude have risen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13696439", "title": "Arunachal governor hails Army for scaling Everest", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh governor Gen (Retd) J J Singh on Thursday congratulated a team of eight Indian Army officers led by Col Ajay Kothiyal for conquering Mount Everest . The Governor said that the achievement reflects the ability and potential of the Indian Army and the leadership and sheer determination of its officers. The army mountaineering team also included Major (Dr) Niekhrietounou Ginua Linyu, the first Naga woman to scale Everest.Singh also congratulated Arif Siddiqui, a renowned photographer of the state working as junior engineer in PWD, for winning the coveted second edition of Indian Himalayan Photography Competition-2012, for his photo titled 'The stuff of life' in Gangtok on Friday. Singh said he had made the state proud with his photography.In another congratulatory message, the Governor congratulated professor David R Syiemlieh, vice-chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi University, on being appointed to the post of Member, Union Public Service Commission. \"Your appointment to the coveted post is a recognition of your ability, talent, experience and dedication to the nation and a matter of great pride for all Arunachal,\" Singh said.The Governor said that the achievement reflects the ability and potential of the Indian Army and the leadership and sheer determination of its officers. The army mountaineering team also included Major (Dr) Niekhrietounou Ginua Linyu, the first Naga woman to scale Everest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13695782", "title": "South Goa bandh leaves travellers in lurch", "text": "MARGAO: The bandh in South Goa passed off peacefully with no incidents of any law and order problem in any parts of the district, police sources said.The usually congested streets of the state's commercial capital wore a deserted look on Thursday as Margao observed total bandh in response to the call given by the NDA for nationwide protest against the steep hike in petrol prices.As buses remained off the roads and taxis and rickshaw operators also joined in the bandh, public transport was badly hit. While almost all private buses remained off the roads, very few KTC buses were deployed. Not too many people were seen stranded at bus stands as probably, anticipating poor public transport service, they preferred to stay indoors.In the absence of any mode of public transport, motorcyle pilots, did a good business, with many even seen charging exorbitant rates.Tourist taxi operators also stayed off the roads, though those engaged with the starred hotels in the coastal areas functioned as usual. Tense moments were witnessed for a brief while near the KTC bus stand, Margao, in the morning, when BJP workers descended there to prevent the motorcycle taxis and rickshaw operators from carrying on with their trade.Tyres of six buses belonging to a private transport agency engaged in ferrying employees to their workplaces in the industrial estates were found to be deflated near the KTC bus stand, sources informed TOI.The spontaneity of the response to the bandh could also be gauged from the fact that, besides all the traders in the city downing their shutters, the hundreds of road side stalls of the Holy Spirit feast fair in Margao also joined the bandh with almost all of them shutting their sale. Shops in coastal areas of South Goa-Colva, Varca, Benaulim, Majorda, etc-also remained closed.Attendance in government offices was scarce, as employees commuting by buses failed to turn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13700745", "title": "UP budget 2012-13: Akhilesh focuses on fulfillment of assembly poll promises, targets 2014 Lok Sabha elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav presented his first budget in the state assembly on Friday morning. The budget 2012-13 is of Rs 2 lakh crore, which is 18% higher than 2011-12 budget. The state government has made special allocations to fulfill the poll promises made by the Samajwadi Party before elections. The promises include loan waivers to farmers and weavers, laptops and tablets to students, minority welfare, unemployment allowance among other things.Here are highlights of the budget 2012-13* Decision to give unemployment allowance at the rate of Rs. 1000 per month. Budgetary provision of Rs. 1,100 crore for this purpose.* Provision of Rs. 2,721.24 crore for giving tablets and laptops to the class 10th and 12th pass students.* Provision of Rs. 446.35 crore to motivate girls in the state for receiving higher education by relaunching 'Kanya Vidya Dhan' scheme.*Budgetary provision of Rs. 350 crore for the Kisan Accident Insurance Scheme, the insured amount of which has been raised from Rs. one lakh to Rs. 5 lakh.* The state government has raised the size of the budget presented for 2012-13 to Rs. 2,00,110.61 crore, which is the highest among all the budgetary proposals presented so far, representing an increase by 18 per cent as compared to the 2011-12 budget.* Adequate arrangements for resources to meet the increased size of the budget. This includes 22 per cent increase as compared to the last year in the state's own tax revenue.* Keeping in view the year 2012-13 being the first year of the 12th five-year plan, the present budget includes 280 new schemes worth Rs. 13,650.36 crore.* Provision of Rs. 23,591.72 crore for development and strengthening schemes of infrastructure facilities like roads, bridges, irrigation and energy, which is 7 per cent more than the last year.* Among these schemes, Rs. 585.69 crore has been mainly earmarked for new schemes of energy, Rs. 473.92 crore for new schemes of Urban Development, Rs. 500 crore for accelerated economic development, Rs. 2,489.03 crore for new schemes of constructing roads and bridges and Rs. 740.36 crore for new schemes of irrigation.* Provision of Rs. 5,432.37 crore for agriculture and allied services.* Provision of Rs. 33,263.39 crore for extension of education and improving its quality, showing an increase of over 20 per cent against the provision of last year.* A provision of Rs. 7,033.86 crore has been made to bring qualitative improvement in the field of Medical and health, which is 21% more than the past year budget.* Provision of Rs. 14,950.62 crore for social welfare schemes, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the last year.* A provision of Rs. 500 crore proposed for farmers' loan relief scheme. *An amount of Rs. 47.83 crore proposed for implementing 'Bhumi Sena' scheme by reviving it.* Provision of Rs. 400 crore for ensuring payment of sugarcane price arrears to cane growers.* A financial provision of Rs. 100 crore proposed for pre-positioning of 8 lakh tonnes of phosphatic fertilizer and 3 lakh tonnes of urea fertilizer in the next Rabi season-2012-13.* Target to distribute 15.42 lakh tonnes of fertilizers and 17.30 thousand quintals of seeds in the Kharif season. A provision of Rs. 137.82 crore proposed for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13696293", "title": "HC directs Haryana to pay Rs 5L each to acid attack victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed the Haryana government to pay a compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to three girls injured in an acid attack in Rohtak in 2011. While issuing directions, Justice Rajan Gupta ordered the state government to pay the amount within two weeks.On May 22, the high court had told the CBI to probe the incident within six months and to look into the victims' allegations against the cops of exonerating the culprits.On June 18, 2011, three minor girls had suffered burns when two youths threw acid on them in Sector 3, Rohtak. The girls, two of them class X students and the third studying in class XII, were returning after attending tuition classes when the accused attacked them. An FIR was registered under various sections of the IPC for attempt to murder and criminal conspiracy. In her statement before the judicial magistrate, one of the victims had identified Rohan as the main accused. However, despite her statement, police had exonerated him from the charges.Unable to contest their case because of poverty, the victims had then approached the state legal services authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694521", "title": "Exodus begins, 2 more Congress MLAs join Jaganmohan Reddy camp; TDP too jittery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Days after Congress MLAs Alla Nani and RVSK Ranga Rao defied party bosses by hobnobbing with Jaganmohan Reddy, more cracks developed in the ruling Congress and opposition TDP with three sitting legislators deciding to join hands with Jagan. While Congress legislators Dwarampudi Chandrasekhar Reddy (Kakinada) and Savara Jayamani (Parvathipuram) called on Vijayamma at Kotauratla in Visakhapatnam on Thursday, TDP MLA Chinnam Ramakotaiah (Nuzvid) created ripples by declaring that he won't contest on TDP ticket in the next elections. Although Ramakotaiah did not reveal his next move, party sources say that his exit from TDP is certain.Effectively, the Congress has almost lost four legislators -- Nani, Ranga Rao, Dwarampudi and Jayamani -- to Jagan's party in the last few days and speculation is rife that at least a dozen are ready to jump the boat by the time his mother, YSR Congress founder president Vijayamma winds up her campaign for the June 12 bypolls. Chandrababu Naidu is also jittery as party MLA Bala Nagireddy (Mantralayam) is openly aligned with the Jagan camp, while Ramakotaiah is making serious moves to meet Vijayamma.The speculation is that some more Congress legislators would jump into YSRCP bandwagon in the coming days. Among those who might ride the Jagan ratham include Buchepalli Sivaprasada Reddy (Darsi), A Suresh Babu (Y Palem), C Adinarayana Reddy (Jammalamadugu), B N Vijayakumar (Santhanuthalapadu), P Ramanjaneyulu (Bhimavaram), Rapaka Varaprasada Rao (Rajole), Katasani Ramireddy (Banaganapalle), Janardhana Thatraju (Kurupam), Peedika Rajanna Dora (Saluru), Muthyala Papa (Narsipatnam), T Vijaya Kumar (Visakhapatnam North) and Kannababu Raju (Yelamanchili).Wasting no time, Alla Nani resigned from the party and his MLA post and said he would campaign for the YSR Congress from Friday.What took the Congress camp by surprise on Thursday was the move of Dwarampudi. An ardent follower of Jagan, he gave into the pressures of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and made a retreat when 18 Jagan loyalist legislators quit the assembly. However, sources said it was a tactical retreat by Dwarampudi, who was waiting for an opportunity to switch over to the Jagan camp. Similarly, Parvathipuram MLA Jayamani, a follower of Bobbili MLA Ranga Rao met Vijayamma and expressed her solidarity.Sources said the YSR Congress leadership is mainly targeting Vizianagaram district, the home turf of PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana. This is because of the growing unpopularity of Botsa in his own region. Apart from Ranga Rao and Jayamani, Thatraju, another scion of the royal family like Ranga Rao, is upset with the Congress.\"Though the CM spoke to him over phone and tried to calm him, Thatraju is seriously mulling to cross over to Jagan's party,\" sources said. Rajanna Dora is maintaining silence for now, but the two-time MLA may choose the YSRCP in the coming days, sources averred. Analysts said it would be a huge setback for Botsa if some more MLAs quit the party, as the Congress holds seven seats of the nine assembly constituencies in the district.Ramakotaiah, on the other hand, surprised Naidu with his vitriolic attack on the TDP leadership. \"I am upset with our party chief Naidu. I have decided not to contest the next election on TDP ticket,\" Ramakotaiah told the media in Nuzvid.Naidu made frantic calls to woo Ramakotaiah, but party insiders said it is only a matter of time before he too jumps the fence. Ramakotaiah, a retired engineer in the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad (MCH), joined PRP before last general elections. When the PRP denied him the ticket, Naidu hugged him and fielded him from Nuzvid which he won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699538", "title": "Sarath\u2019s daughter opposite Vishal", "text": "Varalakshmi, daughter of veteran actor Sarath Kumar is going great guns it seems. She is currently shooting for Poda Podi opposite STR aka Simbhu. The movie has almost reached completion. Meanwhile buzz is that she might be part of MGR ( Madha Gaja Raja ) starring Vishal, to be directed by Sundar C. Karthika of Ko fame was suposed to do the role. Buzz is that nie she backed out of the project, the baton may be passed to Varalashmi. Karthika reportedly chose to quit from the movie after listening to the revised script where Vishal plays a single role, instead of the triple characters planned originally by the director.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13694726", "title": "Bribe in municipal corporation: Mayor marks probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of parking contractors have given a written complaint to city mayor Rajbala Malik against the sub-division officer of headquarters wing and a junior engineer of the MC, who have been asking for bribe. Following the complaint, the mayor has marked a vigilance inquiry.According to information, in their complaint, given with an affidavit, a group of contractors said the abovementioned officers have asked to 5% of the whole amount as bribe. Therefore, the matter should be probed immediately.This is the first time that a group of contractors have come forward with a legal affidavit along with complaint regarding bribe demand, sources said.When asked, city mayor said, \"I have marked a detailed vigilance inquiry to probe the fact and only after that I will be in position to comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13693831", "title": "Naveen Patnaik and Pyarimohan are both encroachers in the BJD: Bijay Mohapatra", "text": "Bijay Mohapatra, now in the BJP, was not only the key architect behind the birth of the BJD but played a major role in making Naveen Patnaik, the son of late Biju Patnaik, its leader. Ironically, Naveen, after becoming party boss, suspected Bijay to be his rival and threw him out of the party. Now that Naveen is haunted by the same fear from his mentor Pyarimohan Mohapatra, Bijay speaks about the goings on in the BJD in an interview with Rajaram SatapathyQ-How do you view the ongoing battle between Naveen Patnaik and Pyari Mohan Mohapatra in the BJD?A-This is their internal matter. Except watching it from a distance like others all over the country, I have personally nothing else to do. But it had to happen, is happening and one should not forget, will continue to happen.Q-Do you mean there will be no end to the hostility between Naveen and Pyari?A-The developments in that party in the last few days and the elements of anger exhibited give enough signal to what is going to happen in the coming days. Contrary to the ground reality, the party all along was falsely perceived as one entity. It is now divided into two camps, each side throwing mud at the other openly.Q-Naveen Patnaik appears to be enjoying the majority support. He can get rid of Pyari Mohan Mohapatra by removing him from the party.A-It is no more a question of who has the majority and who wins for now. One can see some MLAs who put their signatures supporting Pyari Mohan Mohapatra are jumping the fence and joining the Naveen Patnaik camp. This will go on. It is the beginning of a grand battle ahead. There will be no end to it. For, the entire atmosphere in the BJD has gone horribly wrong. The ambience in the party is full of sycophancy. The time for introspection is over. The BJD was formed to save Odisha. It is now reduced to 'save Naveen, save Pyari'. When governance becomes dictatorial, state interest turns secondary and self-interest becomes primary for people in power. Collision like this is inevitable.Q-Why do you think so?A-This is because both Naveen Patnaik and Pyari Mohan Mohapatra are encroachers in the BJD. They were neither involved in the formation of BJD nor were aware of the concept behind establishing the regional party. Naveen Patnaik initially was reluctant to come to politics. He did not even want to head the BJD. After much persuasion he first agreed to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Aska constituency that had fallen vacant due to the untimely death of Biju Patnaik. He was again persuaded to agree to lead the BJD. It is not unknown to people what he did after that.Q-It is said you played a key role in the formation of BJD and making him the party leader.A-That was the need of the hour then. Odisha wanted to get rid of the Congress rule, particularly J B Patnaik. And Biju Patnaik's death had created a political vacuum to take on the Congress. Hence, Naveen Patnaik, notwithstanding his ignorance about the state, its language, geography, history, politics, was brought in because he obviously carried the brand name as Bijubabu's son. Yes, it was not known then that he would suspect every stone on the road as his potential enemy and resort to a kind of politics, quite unethical, undemocratic and unheard of in the state. Both Naveen Patnaik and Pyari Mohan Mohapatra were instrumental in pursuing dirty politics. The duo in the process reduced ministers in the government and their party MLAs to nonentities. They showed no respect to the voice of elected representatives and public in general. They lowered their importance to just shouting zindabad for them. They flourished, but Odisha suffered in image and growth. Hence, it is not unusual and unexpected that 'do hans ka joda bichhad gaya'. Both now suspect each other and come to fall in the same grave they had dug for others.Q-Do you think the government will collapse?A-There is no point making such a prediction. It is a case of divine justice. The BJD is now standing on a foundation of treachery and deception. No structure in such circumstance can survive long. It is bound to collapse. After all, the life of a political party and politicians depend on the perception of people. Naveen Patnaik all these years created an impression that he is the king invincible. What he perhaps forgot that revolt will brook from within and the reasons are obvious.Q-Do you think it is just a power struggle between Naveen Patnaik and Pyari Mohan Mohapatra or is there something else to spark a fight between the two?A-The show of strength appears to be struggle for power. But few would buy this theory. No one in today's high-tech world dares to capture power in a thoughtless manner without doing sufficient homework. The manner in which some BJD MLAs congregated at Pyari Mohan Mohapatra's house and created the impression of toppling the government indicates that there is more to it than what meets the eye. In the last 12 years of Naveen Patnaik's rule, Odisha has witnessed corruption, unparallel in India. The mining scam and scandals noticed in every other sphere of administration are proof of what Odisha has achieved under the Naveen Patnaik government. The blatant use of money power in the just-concluded panchayat elections proves the kind of money amassed over the years. I think people are not going to be convinced that it is merely a fight for power between Naveen Patnaik and Pyari Mohan Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694645", "title": "10 colleges, 12 post offices to sell Delhi University forms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forms for admission to Delhi University's undergraduate courses - to be sold from June 4 - will only be available at select colleges and post offices in the city.In a first, the university has decided to launch an online admission facility this year. However, those who want to opt for the printed forms can collect them from 10 select colleges or 12 post offices. Last year the university had done away with the common admission forms.In North Delhi, the forms can be procured from Miranda House, the main administrative building of Arts Faculty in North Campus and Swami Sharadhanand College, Alipur. The office of the deputy dean, students' welfare, South Campus, Atma Ram Sanatan Dharm College, Govind Puri, Kalkaji, PGDAV College, Nehru Nagar and Gargi College are the south Delhi centres. In east Delhi, forms can be obtained from Shyam Lal College and Shahdara, and in west Delhi Rajdhani College, Raja Garden and Bhagnini Nivedita College, Kair (near Najafgarh) are the information centres.Students can also walk into any of the 12 post offices for the common admission forms and the information brochure of undergraduate courses. The post office branches are New Delhi GPO, Ashok Road, Sansad Marg Head Post Office, Patel Chowk, Lodhi Road Head Post Office, Kalkaji Head Post Office, Delhi GPO, Ramesh Nagar Head Post Office, Naraina Industrial Estate Head Post Office, Naraina, Ashok Vihar Head Post Office, Ashok Vihar, Krishna Nagar Head Post Office, Jhilmil Head Post Office, Sarojani Nagar Head Post Office and Indraprastha Head Post Office.Meanwhile, DU has also announced the admission schedule for SC/ ST candidates. Forms will be available from June 4 at the Arts Faculty North Campus, office of the dean of students' welfare, Shyam Lal College and Rajdhani College. The first list of SC/ST candidates will be notified on June 26 at the Arts Faculty and provisional admission slips will be issued from that day onwards. List of available seats and receipts of new option forms (only for those who were allotted course/ college in the first list but want to opt for a change) will be put up at the Arts Faculty on June 30. The second list will be notified on July 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694564", "title": "Joy blooms on deserted roads during bandh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Deserted road, down shutters- it was a Sunday ahead of Sunday, thanks to the bandh call given by the NDA. Though offices opened in the morning, most had to close down following pressure from protestors.On Thursday, children were seen playing cricket on roads and in the parking areas of the complexes. Even some petrol pump employees were seen trying their hands on the game of cricket.But for several commuters, the absence of buses and rickshaw came as a relief. \"I usually drive down to Relief Road, but today from Manav Mandir to Relief Road, I did not find a single red signal. All were blinking orange as there was hardly any traffic on the road,\" said Ankit Patel, a resident of Gurukul.However, in several parts of the city people came out on the streets to register their protest. In Maninagar, the Surat intercity was stopped near the Maninagar station for nearly 10 minutes. The police rushed to the spot to clear the track.Activists staged a dharna outside Ahmedabad Stock Exchange but dispersed after some time. Several banks, hotels, jewellery showrooms and retail stores were also made to shut down forcibly. Offices that were open, had asked employees to report earlier than the usual reporting time to avoid commuting hassles. At around 1 pm, Vodafone Gujarat HR asked its employees to return home.Bandh supporters blocked traffic on SG highway, Shivranjani, Vejalpur and Saraspur among others part of the city. In Saraspur also people too came out on the street and blocked the traffic. The minority areas like Shah-e-Alam and Juhapura did not observe the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696563", "title": "Shops, markets remain shut during bandh", "text": "NAGPUR: All wholesale markets (except that of medicines) as well as retail shops here and all over Vidarbha remained shut during the day as the 'bandh' called by BJP and its allies against petrol price hike evoked a mixed response. While all government offices, banks and corporate offices worked normally, city buses and autorickshaws stayed off the road for most part of the day.\"It was a total success all over the state and especially in Vidarbha as the support from people was spontaneous,\" claimed Vindod Tawde, BJP state unit general secretary and leader of the opposition in the state legislative council. While he led the agitation here enforcing bandh in various markets, city MLA Devendra Fadnavis was assigned Pune, state president Sudhir Mugantiwar took the lead in Mumbai while Bhausaheb Phundkar led the protests in Akola. Tawde claimed over 400 activists were either detained and or put under preventive arrest. Stressing that the agitation was peaceful, he said the arrests were made without provocation.\"In fact we did not make any special efforts, as the trading community and business class through their various bodies and associations pledged support to the strike. People in general participated in the bandh to express their anger against the UPA government's wrong and thoughtless policies which led to unprecedented hike in petrol prices.\"If the government still continues on the same path and instead of rolling back prices, increases diesel and LPG prices, it will have to bear the consequences. Price rise has frustrated common man and they will not spare the Congress-led government at the Centre whose policy paralysis has put the rupee on downside,\" said Tawde. \"Perhaps the price hike was more scalding than Vidarbha summer and people joined the bandh voluntarily to channelize their anger.\"The bandh was also total in various towns of Vidarbha, according to reports reaching here. In Chandrapur hundreds of BJP workers took out a rally as the markets remained closed. There was no untoward incident. Traders in the main market kept the establishments closed. Petrol pumps and cinema talkies were also closed while emergency services like hospitals, medical shops, banks and private corporate offices functioned normally. The rally led by MP Hansraj Ahir and MLA Nana Shamkule, started from Gandhi Square waving flags, protesters shouted slogans against the central government for hiking the petrol prices.In Bhandara, the Left parties also participated in the protest. Most of the commercial establishments remained shut all through the day. The activists of BJP roamed around the town and forced the traders to down their shutters. Not a single ST bus plied on the roads.In Gondia all establishments, markets and petrol pumps remained closed BJP and Shiv Sena gathered in front of Mahatma Gandhi statue to ensure a peaceful bandh. Even in Yavatmal the bandh received an overwhelming response from the business community and traders. ST and private buses plied normally.The bandh got a mixed response in Amravati. Most of the shops in the main areas like Rajkamal, Rajapeth and Shyam Square were closed. Shops in the interior areas remained open for the entire day. Medical shops and hospitals also remained open. Shiv Sena and BJP workers staged demonstrations in the city. In Akola 1,235 activists were detained and later let off. BJP MP Sanjay Dhotre, MLA Gowardhan Sharma, Shiv Sena district chief Shrirang Pinjarkar and several others participated in the protests as the bandh evoked partial response. In Wardha, the response was good. Cloth, bullion and other main markets remained closed. Shiv Sena took out a bike morcha from Bajaj Chowk to Shivaji Chowk and BJP staged rasta roko for two hours at Waigaon square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696436", "title": "World champion Anand joins elite club", "text": "CHENNAI: By winning his fifth World Chess Championship title, Viswanathan Anand joined an illustrious band of Grandmasters who have achieved the feat the same number of times.Statistically, the number may not mean much when you look at the most significant title wins because there are two ways of determining the most dominating reigns in chess history: either by the number of times a champion has won the title or the number of years he has been in power.Among Anand's predecessors, there are three World champions who had won the title more number of times. If Emanuel Lasker towers over the rest of them with six titles mainly because he had a longer reign too (27 years) and he could choose his opponents then, the modern Soviets Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov had also won it six times each. Lasker's 27-year World record reign will probably remain forever.If a Garry Kasparov, with his phenomenal run, could not better it, then such a reign is beyond the reach of the new generation. Alexander Alekhine ruled for 17 years (with breaks and also the war helping him) and Mikhail Botvinnik was World champion for 15 years (again with breaks).The change in the championship format in the 1990s opened the doors for the young Grandmasters to have a close look at the titles and helped reduce the reigns of the established stars. The likes of Anand, Kramnik, Shirov and Ponomariov belonged to this generation. The match format gave way to tournaments, the privileges of the defending champions were dispensed with and there were also frequent world championships between 1997 and 2004.However, the giants of the previous generation, Karpov and Kasparov, had vanished and the field became more open with at least four new generation players having equal rights to claim the title of the champion. If Kramnik, Anand, Ponomariov and Topalov had similar results in the early 2000s, Magnus Carlsen and Levon Aronian joined the band later. Ponomariov even had the privilege of winning the World title at the age of 18.Curiously, Anand, despite being good in tournaments in the first half of 2000s, found this format a little too frivolous for World championship contests. He skipped one and when he came back in 2007 after the Fide framed clearcut rules for the 2008 World title match, he was good enough to win it too.Anand would join the top league next year if he adds one more to his bag when he plays at home, most probably in Chennai.  MOST WORLD CHESS TITLES No. of Titles Name Country Years 6Emanuel LaskerGermany1894, 1896, 1907, 1908, 1910, 19106Garry KasparovRussia1985, 1986, 1987, 1990, 1993, 19956Anatoly KarpovRussia1975, 1978, 1981, 1993, 1996, 19985Viswanathan AnandIndia2000, 2007, 2008, 2010, 20125Mikhail BotvinnikSoviet Union1948, 1951, 1954, 1958, 19614Alexander AlekhineSoviet Union1927, 1929, 1934, 19374Wilhelm SteinitzAustria1886, 1889, 1890, 1892(Note: Karpov's 1975 title was by default but his cancelled match in 1984 not considered)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696764", "title": "Visualise your bright future", "text": "CHENNAI: Nivetha Ravichandran has just graduated. But the visual communication student has been working in a public relations firm since January. \"Many people think visual communication is all about moving images but it covers a whole host of subjects,\" says Ravinchandran, who specialised in advertising and PR at Madras Christian College (MCC).An increasing number of youngsters like Ravichandran are opting for the course as job opportunities are high, say faculty at city colleges. \"MCC has been offering a BSc for almost a decade and the demand is going up,\" says D G Eugene, assistant professor, department of visual communication. \"The course is a platform for students to enter various media industries and students can specialise in the field they are interested in.\"Visual communication involves the use of visual aids to communicate. Courses cover art and photography, digital communication, electronic media, computer graphics, multimedia, video and webpage design as well as media management, film studies and development communication.While any student can opt for the course after class 12, some amount of artistic ability helps. Women's Christian College checks creativity and communication skills of applicants.Practical work is an integral part of the curriculum. \"Last year students did a 45-day internship. They have to choose a field of specialisation and do related projects,\" says Eugene.After graduating, students have a wide range of options. They can work with newspapers, TV and radio channels, advertising and PR firms, publishing companies or corporates. The growth of digital media and technology has opened up more career avenues. \"Outsourcing has led to more opportunities, especially in the field of animation,\" says Eugene.Photo research is one of the newer options. \"Foreign magazines outsource content production to Indian corporates, who do the layout and typesetting,\" says Eugene. \"The photography department here will have stock image banks. Visual communication students go through the content and select the right image for it.\"However, personal interest and enterprise can take you a long way. \"As far as advertising is concerned, a degree in visual communication is an advantage but you need to be passionate about it,\" says senior creative director of Rubecon Communications Sajan Prathap Singh. \"When we take in freshers, we usually try them out for a few months and see if they can work in this field.\"Having a portfolio of your work can make a difference. \"It helps you rate the student's work,\" says Singh. \"In Mumbai, for instance, a 'portfolio night' is organised every year when the top creative directors get together. Anyone can showcase their portfolio and they will evaluate the work. They may even take you in if they are impressed by it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694673", "title": "Telangana political Joint Action Committee under pressure to be apolitical", "text": "HYDERABAD: While BJP is threatening to quit the Telangana political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) in the wake of the latter's decision to support TRS in the Parkal bypoll, activists are urging the vanguard of the separate Telangana state movement to become totally 'apolitical'.T-JAC has TRS, BJP, and CPML (New Democracy) as its constituents and the non-political T stakeholders, which includes other JACs, are planning to demand that the platform exclude political parties after a meeting in Warangal on Friday convened by Kakatiya University-JAC (student wing).The JACs are also going to appeal to T-JAC to review its unilateral decision to support TRS in the Parkal bypoll.The JACs are even considering boycotting the Parkal bypoll in case T-JAC rejects this demand. It is learnt that they have even decided that, if need be, they would go ahead with the movement without T-JAC involvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13694999", "title": "Maharashtra should reduce VAT on petrol: Gopinath Munde", "text": "AURANGABAD: Senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde said on Thursday that the nation could have saved at least Rs 5,000 crore in foreign exchange, had the UPA government followed the NDA government's policy to mix 10% ethanol in petrol.Munde was in the city to lead the nation-wide bandh call given by the BJP and its allies to protest against rise in prices of essential commodities and petrol. While claiming that the response to the nation-wide bandh call was overwhelming, he demanded that the state government reduce value added tax (VAT) on petrol to reduce the burden on people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13700769", "title": "One or two problems don't make IPL bad: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "MUMBAI: There may be a few problems afflicting the IPL, but Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar on Friday said that they don't make the entire tournament questionable.\"I think there are one or two problems in every organisation and it does not make the entire organisation bad,\" responded Tendulkar to a query on allegations of spot-fixing surrounding the BCCI's lucrative Indian Premier League.Tendulkar, who is set to take oath as Rajya Sabha member on June 4, advised young players to follow the people who set the right example and absorb their good qualities.\"I would definitely say this (spot-fixing) is not a good example (to set). My advice would be to follow the people who set the right example. Follow the right direction and absorb all the good qualities,\" he said.Tendulkar was speaking to reporters at a function.A TV sting operation recently showed five fringe players connected to the IPL purportedly indulging in questionable behaviour, prompting the BCCI to suspend them besides launching an inquiry.The cricket body has asked its new anti-corruption chief Ravi Sawani to conduct an inquiry and submit a report.The suspended players are TP Sudhindra (Deccan Chargers), Mohnish Mishra (Pune Warriors), Amit Yadav (Kings XI Punjab), Shalabh Shrivastava (Kings XI Punjab) and first-class cricketer Abhinav Bali.Stressing the importance of education, Tendulkar, who is the educational campaign's ambassador, said it was important to provide infrastructure in schools, and to support the education of girls.\"School days shape your life and the progress of a person starts from there. If we can bring small changes like providing basic facilities like good toilets, I think we can get the girls to attend the school instead of dropping out.\"Woman is the backbone of a family and the future of a family will change if the girl is educated,\" he added.Asked if he would propagate this campaign as Rajya Sabha member, Tendulkar said, \"I am already involved in a lot of causes before being a member of Rajya Sabha. I don't think you need another platform to do such initiatives.\"The function marked 100 schools being covered under the campaign, which started in January 2011. Tendulkar said he hoped that the milestone didn't stop here.\"As a cricketer you are never happy with a 100. Let us score a double century here,\" Tendulkar said.The former India captain revealed that he had donated money on behalf of his kids Sara and Arjun, and the funds were utilised for two schools, including one in suburban Mumbai -- Priyadarshini school -- where today's function was held.Recalling his school days, Tendulkar said,\" I think in my school days when we used to play together, it was about travelling like a team to Azad Maidan, Cross Maidan, Shivaji Park. Spending the day with friends at Shivaji Park beach after the match is a cherished memory. We all friends played around and had fun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13698677", "title": "Ready, able, willing to play for Pakistan anytime: Yousuf", "text": "LAHORE: Unfazed by the selectors snub for the tour of Sri Lanka, Pakistan's former captain Mohammad Yousuf said he is physically and mentally prepared for a comeback to international cricket even at the shortest notice.The 37-year-old veteran, who was overlooked when the national squad for the Sri Lanka tour was announced, insisted that his passion to play for Pakistan had not receded despite the disappointment of not being selected in the last one and a half year.\"Physically, I'm in good shape and mentally also I'm in great shape. I'm ready, able and willing to play for Pakistan any time the selectors want to call on me,\" Yousuf told a website.\"The desire to play for Pakistan has never receded and recently in Lahore I gave a fitness test at the National Cricket Academy which I passed with flying colours. I'm confident that if I am given another opportunity by the selectors I would not let them down,\" he added.Yousuf, who is in the United Kingdom on a private visit and is also playing for the Lashings World XI, said he was willing to compete in the coming domestic season to prove his fitness and form to the selectors.\"This time around I will be playing domestic cricket. My plans are to feature in all of the tournaments in Pakistan, the Qaid-e-Azam Trophy, the National One-Day Cup and any Twenty20 tournaments that are organised by the Pakistan Cricket Board,\" he said.\"Playing in these competitions is going to be essential to my hopeful return to the Pakistan team and playing in these tournaments is in my plans,\" he said.Yousuf has scored a total of 17,000 international runs with a total of 39 centuries and averages 52 in Tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702248", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti teams up with son for 'Power Cut'", "text": "Actor, filmmaker and satirist Jaspal Bhatti will be seen with son Jasraj in formers' next directorial venture Power Cut.Renowned actor, filmmaker and satirist Jaspal Bhatti will take a dig, comically, at Punjab State Electricity Board in Power Cut which will release this July.Both Bhatti's son Jasraj and wife Savita, who regularly appears in his projects, will be seen in the movie.Power Cut is a romantic comedy in the backdrop of power cuts and load shedding in Punjab. The film also stars veteran Bollywood actor Prem Chopra along with known Punjabi comic actors like Jaswinder Bhalla, B.N Sharma, Rajesh Puri and Chandan Prabhakar.The film is produced by P&R; films and Jaspal Bhatti's MAD Arts.Source: Punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695228", "title": "Army sends teams to accident site", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railway has sought technical and medical help from Army in connection with the Howrah-Dehradun train accident that occurred near Jaunpur on Thursday. Army received the request from railways at around 5.30pm.The Army dispatched two medical teams, one from Allahabad and another from Varanasi, to the accident site. One technical column from Allahabad carrying heavy duty gas cutters was also sent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696653", "title": "Fiery protest keeps wary Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation safe in depots", "text": "The roads on Thursday looked empty in the absence of the colourful BMTC buses plying the streets. Nearly 5,800 buses which make 79,000 trips each day were off the roads. Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) withdrew its fleet following the burning of three buses at KR Puram, near the ITI factory, and at Marathahalli, in the early hours of Thursday . While car owners and two-wheeler riders braved the curfew and went to work, revelling in their ride on traffic-free roads, lakhs of people dependent on BMTC for transport, stayed home.\"The buses were set on fire between 3am and 4.30am. One JN-NURM bus which was completely gutted near KR Puram bus stand, with the driver and conductor sleeping inside when the incident occurred. They suffered minor injuries,\" said KR Sreenivasa, MD, BMTC.Soon after news spread of the vandalism, came reports of 14 other buses, including a Volvo, being damaged by miscreants in various places across the city. \"Miscreants pelted stones at buses , broke windows, and caused other damage to our vehicles, which is why we had to call off services . Most incidents occurred on Bannerghatta Road, Airport Road, in Ramamurthynagar, Whitefield , Mathikere, Anekal and in east Bangalore,\" he said.BMTC suffered losses to the tune of Rs40 lakh due to vehicle damage. \"By 6pm, 800 buses were back on the roads. Since drivers and conductors on the second shift come by bus themselves, many were unable to report for duty,\" said Sreenivasa.By late evening, there was a skeletal BMTC fleet operating on the roads, mostly in Majestic, Malleswaram, Yeshwantpur, Jayanagar, Shivajinagar , Indiranagar, Koramangala, Rajajinagar, Hebbal and RT Nagar.KSRTC OPERATES ONLY PARTIAL FLEETKarnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) operated only 60% of its fleet strength, including interstate bus services. A spokesperson for KSRTC told TOI that out of 5,540 scheduled buses, only 3,320 were operational within the state.\"Almost all Chennai-bound buses scheduled to depart in the morning or second half of the day were cancelled. Buses to Hyderabad, Hindupur and Tirupathi were also cancelled. Some Volvo buses, operating at night to Hyderabad , Mumbai and Kerala, departed on schedule,\" said a source at the corporation. He also said that intercity buses were the most affected.Buses in Tumkur, Mysore, Ramanagaram, Hassan, Udupi, Chikkaballapur did not operate during the day, bringing life to a halt in the districts. In Mysore, some actions were politically motivated, with people stopping buses and asking commuters to return home.KSRTC officials said they would get to know the complete extent of the affected services in the state only on Friday, since it has three corporations - NEKSRTC, NWKSRTC and Central under its control. The losses are estimated to be around Rs 2crore, according to officials.3 BUSES GUTTEDMiscreants torched three BMTC buses parked in the depots and stoned 14 across the city on Thursday. Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar said: \"Around 180 protesters were taken into custody and released later. Barring the torching of the buses, there were no untoward incidents,\" he said. KR Puram police said that the fire department called them around 4.30 am and informed them that two BMTC buses, parked at Sante Maidan, were set on fire by miscreants. ``The driver and conductor were fast asleep in the depot at the time of the incident,\" police said. Another BMTC bus was set ablaze near Roopena Agrahara around 1.39 am and three fire tenders doused the fire in 30 minutes, fire police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694728", "title": "Musi beautification hits STP roadblock, gets delayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Save Musi Campaign is meant to turn the river banks between Chaderghat and Puranapul into a tourist hot spot, besides depolluting the river. But owing to a bottleneck, the Rs 400 crore project has come to a grinding halt.Under the 'Save Musi Campaign' conceived in 2004 and rolled out in 2005, two projects were proposed to be implemented. The first__Abatement of Pollution in Musi (APM) was finalised at a cost of Rs 335 crore (with 70% contribution by the Centre and 30% by the state) under National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD). The Water Board was roped in for the execution of the project. The second project, the Musi Revitalization Project (MRP) costing Rs 44 crore was sanctioned under the JNNURM scheme. The project was handed over to the GHMC for execution. The campaign was kicked off with much pomp with a 30-month deadline. But even after seven years and several missed deadlines, the river remains as polluted as ever. Now, this is being attributed to delay in completion of a sewerage treatment plant (STP) at Attapur under the APM project.Under the APM project, four STPs, 16 interception and diversion (I&D;) units and 34 km of sewerage lines were planned for diverting water from 16 nalas that empty into the Musi. Barring the Attapur STP (costing Rs 31 crore), which has to treat water from three nalas before letting it out into the river, the remaining three STPs constructed downstream of Chaderghat are operational. However, owing to Attapur's upstream location, the operation of the STPs located downstream is proving to be of little use as untreated dirty water continues to flow into the river.When the Andhra Pradesh Lokayukta was petitioned about the delay in November last year, the HMWSSB had claimed that the MPA project would be completed by March 31 this year with the legal authority directing the GHMC and the Water Board to ensure its completion by the said time.Attributing the delay in commissioning the Attapur STP to problems in acquisition of land, a senior Water Board official told TOI that construction of the treatment plant was nearing completion though the dispute between the government and the landowner was yet to be settled. He added that the unit would be commissioned with in the next two months.He also admitted that I&D; units were also a major cause for concern. Labour intensive, these units divert the water from the nalas to the STPs. TOI had reported on April 1 about non-functioning of these units owing to differences between the officials and the contractors, allowing run offs from the nalas directly into the river.According to GHMC officials, the benefits of the partly completed revitalization project which include installation of the two rubber dams between Puranapul and Chaderghat, can be seen only if the Attapur STP was completed. Pointing out that the STP and the land acquisition on the northern bank of Musi were the hurdles in wrapping up the Save Musi Campaign project, GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said, \"The GHMC has spent Rs 22 crore on the beautification work and is waiting for the completion of the Attapur STP. Clean water is not flowing into the river, so the dams are deflated. If the dams are inflated with clean water, facilities like boating and other recreations can be planned.\" Interestingly, according to GHMC officials, the STP at Attapur is likely to take at least another six months for completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693684", "title": "Naveen Patnaik returns home, maintains silence on 'coup'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the purported coup by his intra-party rivals turning out to be a damp squib, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday remained tightlipped over the recent developments, saying, \"Right decision will be taken at the right time\".Upon his return from an eight-day-long trip to the United Kingdom around 8 pm, Naveen seated in his car waded through thousands of people, who converged at the Biju Patnaik Airport up to Naveen Niwas here to accord a rousing reception to him. \"I am touched and emotionally moved by the reception given to me,\" Naveen said, referring to the unprecedented crowd that welcomed him on his return from what was his first overseas visit in 12 years as chief minister.The BJD president later addressed the media, but did not utter the name of BJD's Rajya Sabha member and his one-time closest confidante Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who along with his supporters on Tuesday allegedly attempted to stage a coup and topple the Naveen-led government. Though Pyari has said he had no such intentions, public anger against his failed coup has been widespread and was amply evident when Naveen reached the airport from London via New Delhi. Kendrapada MP Baijayant Panda and Puri MP Pinaki Mishra accompanied Naveen from the national capital.While angry party workers and leaders pressed for disciplinary action against Pyari and even rented the air with anti-Pyari slogans, Naveen was extremely guarded in his reactions. \"I came back one day earlier (from the UK) because I understand from my sources that couple of days ago some events were taking place,\" he told media persons, without elaborating on the \"events\" he was referring to. \"I really appreciate that my party MPs, ministers and MLAs for being with me,\" he added.Though he interacted with party MLAs, MPs and senior leaders at his residence, Naveen chose not to discuss about Pyari and instead dwelled upon his UK trip. \"I should be meeting all MLAs, MPs and ministers from early tomorrow (Friday) morning. I do want to consult senior party leaders of my party,\" he said, responding to a query on whether he would take disciplinary action against Pyari.Almost all of BJD's 104 legislators and several MPs had gathered to greet Naveen, in what was clearly a show of solidarity to demonstration of loyalty. Conspicuous by their absence were ministers Anjali Behera, Sarada Nayak and Sanjib Sahoo and MLAs Bibhuti Balabantray and Prabhat Biswal, all of whom are considered very close to Pyari and had also met him on Tuesday evening when talk about a coup did the rounds in BJD circles. Some others like minister Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak, deputy Speaker Sananda Marandi and MLAs Bishnu Das and Rabindra Bhoi, who were believed to be Pyari loyalists, also showed up to receive Naveen.Pyari and his loyalists, on the other hand, kept mum throughout the day, amid speculation that the Rajya Sabha member has left for Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694847", "title": "Patna University admission forms go on sale from today", "text": "PATNA: Even as the sale of application forms for admission to the three-year degree courses in different colleges of Patna University (PU) is commencing on Friday, students as well as their guardians have already started making anxious inquiries about the process of admission. For the first time, PU has introduced entrance test for admission to the undergraduate courses this year.The principals of all the PU colleges, including Patna College, Patna Science College, B N College, Magadh Mahila College, Patna Women's College and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, are busy finalizing the admission-related matters, including the entrance test procedure. As per the decision of PU's academic council, candidates having at least 45% marks in the Plus Two examination will be eligible for the test.PU students' welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad said the entrance test would be held separately by each college and the test questions would be of objective type. The test would contain 100 questions of one mark each on general awareness and the subjects concerned. A meeting of the college principals would be held on June 4 to look into related issues, said Arshad.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said the sale of admission forms would continue up to June 25 and the entrance test for admission to the B.Sc. Honours classes in the college would be held on July 6. The test will be held at Science College. But, if the number of applicants exceeded 5000, the test may be held at some other centres too, he said.The dates of entrance test for other colleges are: Magadh Mahila College (July 2), Patna Women's College (July 3), Patna College (July 4), B N College (July 5), and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya (July 7). The results of entrance tests are to be published latest by July 16 and all the admissions are to be completed latest by July 31, said the dean.The minimum qualifying marks in the entrance test is 50% for general category candidates and 45% for SC, ST and EBC category students.All the colleges of PU are expecting brisk sale of application forms this year as even candidates securing low marks in class XII examination, who otherwise could not have dreamt of getting a berth in a PU college, would also try their luck. Patna Science College had received more than 4,000 applications last year, but this number would definitely increase this year, said principal Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow/kanpur/allahabad/varanasi", "code": "13695736", "title": "Bharat bandh hits business transactions worth Rs 500 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW/KANPUR/ALLAHABAD/VARANASI: Business transactions worth an estimated Rs 500 crore were hit in the state during Bharat Bandh on Thursday. The bandh call was given to protest against the steep hike in petrol prices. In UP, majority of shopkeepers downed their shutters in support of the bandh.Protesters also blocked the movement of buses and trains in some parts of the state giving a hard time to commuters. The protest received full support of the ruling Samajwadi Party with its workers staging protests at various crucial installations, including government offices. The BJP and the Left parties also extended support to the bandh.In Lucknow, shopkeepers shut down their shops for major part of the day even as protesters belonging to SP, BJP and the Left parties carried out protest marches. SP workers led by MLA Ravi Das Mehrotra staged a protest march from party office on Vikramaditya Marg till Vidhan Bhawan. BJP leader Kalraj Mishra and BJP state president Laxmi Kant Bajpai also led a protest march.The impact was mainly seen in important markets areas like Hazratganj, Lalbagh and Nishatganj where traders stopped all business activities, though in other areas shopkeepers kept their shops partly open. Aminabad, the main business centre of Lucknow, was though closed on account of being a Thursday.In Lalbagh, some SP supporters forcibly tried to close the gate of Lucknow Municipal Corporation. But their attempts were thwarted following the intervention of LMC officials.Almost all traders' associations in Lucknow came in full support of the bandh. Members of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal staged demonstration in Hazratganj and Lalbagh and later staged a march upto main Hazratganj crossing. Carrying placards that criticised the Central government, the members also burnt the effigies of the UPA government and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .The Left parties also took out a cycle march, and held street plays to highlight the plight of people due to petrol hike, CPI state secretary Girish said. BJP workers rode a bullock-cart in front of the party office to protest against petrol price hike.President of Lalbagh traders' association, Manjeet Singh said the shopkeepers pledged full support to the bandh. Shopkeepers in other areas said the call was more for a symbolic closure. Hazratganj and associated market remained shut till afternoon, even though some shops opened in the later half of the day.President of the Samajwadi Party Vyapar Sabha, Gopal Agarwal said the Central government needs to think about the problems faced by people following the steep hike in petrol prices. He claimed the protest was completely peaceful and no untoward incident was reported from any district.However, according to reports, supporters of Samajwadi Party and BJP blocked the movement of trains and buses in some districts.In Allahabad, protesters stopped Mumbai-Saket express. The SP workers also burnt the effigy of the Union government to lodge their protest. A group of volunteers of Samajwadi Yuvjan Sabha stopped the Ganga-Gomti Express near CMP Degree College overbridge as a result of which the departure of the train from Prayag railway station was delayed by 45 minutes.In Kanpur, while SP activists took out a procession through Naveen market and ensured that every shop was closed, the BJP workers stage a blockade at Parade Crossing. When SP workers saw a restaurant was open in Naveen market, they told its owner to shut it but the latter refused. This led to heated arguments between the two sides after which the restaurant was closed. SP activists then reached Parade and PPN market and forced the bandh.In Jaunpur, SP workers stopped the Ganga-Sutlej express, resulting in the delayed departure of the train.Reports said protesters blocked the Lucknow-Varanasi highway and also staged a dharna at Varanasi Cantt bus station.BJP activists carried out a huge procession in Varanasi under the leadership of senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi . Joshi moved on rickshaw with his security guards while other party activists marched on foot. The procession started from Mahmoorganj and moved through many markets including Dashaswamedh and Godowlia. The protesters raised slogans against the UPA government for its failure on economic front. The SP activists also carried out several processions. A group of SP activists tried to stop trains at Cantonment railway station and later blocked the Englishialine crossing. Another group of SP men burnt a scooter. The hoardings with the photographs of PM and Union finance minister were also set on fire.In Agra, SP supporters stopped the Chhattisgarh express at Raja-ki-Mandi, while BJP supporters blocked the Lucknow-Agra national highway.In Firozabad, SP workers tried to stop the trains but the situation was timely brought under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696689", "title": "Bandh: Minimum auto fare: Rs 100", "text": "Autorickshaw drivers saw in Thursday's bandh a perfect opportunity to make a killing. The routine Rs 20-30 extra fare for a ride looked like peanuts on their big day. They were not ready to settle for anything less than Rs 100, especially at railway stations and inter and intra state bus stands, where passengers were stranded without BMTC services.Some passengers who had paid Rs11 to travel from Tumkur to Bangalore city, had a shock in store when autorickshaw drivers demanded Rs 150 to take them to destinations less than 1km away.Iftikhar Khan, coming from Tumkur, said: \"I'm here to attend a friend's engagement. I paid Rs 11 as train fare, but the autorickshaw driver is charging me Rs 150 to ply from the City railway station to Anand Rao Circle. I made a mistake coming to Bangalore.\"Padma SP, a resident of Girinagar , paid through her nose to travel from Bangalore City railway station to her residence. \"I returned from Dharwad with my daughters and granddaughter. The prepaid auto booth was closed. When we approached an auto driver, he demanded Rs 500. After much haggling, one driver agreed to take us for Rs300.\"Traffic police, who man prepaid rickshaw booths, too were not of much help. Sujatha Krishnan , a student who complained to a policeman about a driver's misbehaviour , was told: \"We just can't control them (auto drivers) on such a day,\" she was told.Cabs get busy after 6pmFor most private taxis in the city, the day began only past 6pm on Thursday.While autos made a killing during the day, it was private taxis which saw little or no business. Thanks largely to the cancellation of business meetings and seminars in the city, private cabs (both luxury and ordinary) had few passengers to ferry to and from the airport. The bandh was in place from 6am to 6pm.\"Business was a mere 50% for us in the morning hours today. Except for specific junctions like Peenya, Yelahanka and Nelamangala, which reported some disturbances through the day, the rest of the city was largely peaceful and we were ready to operate but there were few passengers,\" said RK Holla, secretary of Bangalore Tourist Transport Operators' Association. This association operates 45,000-50,000 luxury cabs in the city.Some cab drivers were forced to take deviations en route to the airport. \"Yelahanka , Mehkri Circle and Rajajinagar saw some violent incidents in the morning and our cabs were diverted to reach the airport. Otherwise , it was smooth,\" said R Neelakantappa, general secretary , KSTDC Prepaid Taxi Drivers' Association.He said they had many bookings, mostly after 6pm, to drop passengers to the airport. Instead of their full-fleet strength of 550 taxis, only 400-450 cabs were operating on Thursday.At BIA, it was business as usual with normal passenger flow. A BIAL spokesperson said all flights were on time, and most flights flew full capacity and many passengers had reached the airport in private vehicles. The Railways also remained largely normal through the day, with no cancellations, delays or disruptions in schedules, a department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699440", "title": "I will not wear a bikini: Akanksha", "text": "Akanksha, who is Anubhav's latest on-screen pair in 'ACP Ranveer', says she'll give her best to the roleYou came and shot in Ollywood for \"ACP Ranveer\". How was the experience like? I have been staying in Mumbai for a while now and it is indeed a great honour to be able to bag an offer in Ollywood. I am touched by the love and respect that I have got from the people of Odisha.The on-screen chemistry between Anubhav Mohanty and Barsha Priyadarshini has often been spoken about. Does that add any pressure on you since it's being said that you are trying to step into Barsha's shoes? I have not watched Barsha's movies. But I will give my best to the role that has been offered to me. Anubhav is my hero. He is a good looking guy and I know that I am decent-looking too. I'm sure we will have a great on-screen chemistry. One has to understand that while it's delicious to have biryani and mutton chap, there is also a lot of fun in trying out Chinese one day. Change of taste is always good. Are you comfortable speaking in Odia? It's not easy to master a language in such a short time. But yes , I will give it my best shot. You've changed your name from Bindu to Akanksha. Won't it create an identity issue since your Bollywood debut will have you being addressed as Bindu? The first print of my debut Bollywood film, \"Bloody D\", is already out. So, I am going with the name Bindu there. But henceforth, across all industries, I will be known as Akanksha. My Bollywood debut is a psycho-thriller. Shooting it has been a challenge. You have waited for a while to get a break. Does this name-change have anything to do with numerology? I was open to changing my name. I believe that people whose names start with the letter 'a' are very lucky. That includes Aamir Khan , Anubhav Mohanty, Anurag Kashyap and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. Moreover, if we search for the name \"Bindu\", it will throw up photos of the yesteryear actor. I didn't want any confusion with my identity. Akanksha was a good choice. Aren't you disappointed that despite being from Kolkata, you haven't done a Bengali movie yet? I used to do a lot of modelling assignments in Kolkata. I did get some offers for movies but they were not the ones that I was interested in doing. I shifted to Mumbai and have set some limits for myself. No smooches, no bikini and no casting couch for me.These days, there are three common options for making it big in Bollywood. Family ties , firang connection or the ability to shed inhibitions. How do you propose to break into the industry without any of these attributes? If you have a family connection, you end up getting 20 chances to prove yourself. Without that, you have only one chance to prove that you are good. I won a reality show called \"Kaun Jeetega Bollywood Ka Ticket\". Though I got a lot of praise from the judges, movie offers didn't come in by the dozen. I was happy doing modelling. If you are not okay with smooching and wearing a bikini, isn't that limiting you as an actor? My point is that I don't want to be recognized for being a bold babe. That's not why I want to join movies. Long back, Neha Dhupia had made this statement: \"Only sex and Shah Rukh Khan sell\".In today's times, how do youre define this line? Only entertainment sells. Sex is entertainment. Cricket is entertainment. That's all that it matters now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13703710", "title": "I didn't want to give a half-baked performance: Genelia", "text": "Actress Genelia's Urumi (the Tamil version) hit screen recently, and the girl has been basking in its glory ever since. Even at the recent IPL finale, she was showered with compliments for her role and performance in the film.\"Santosh Sivan had more confidence in me than I had. He was somehow confident I could pull of the role, and I'm glad I listened to him,\" she says.Genelia admits that she had to work a lot on her character for the film. \" Urumi is a period film, set in a century about which I've only read on books. The role required me to transform into someone whom I really was not. I had to learn horse riding and kalaripayatu. In fact, Sivan had specially recruited a kalaripayattu master, who was also a trained dancer, to teach me the moves. The martial art form is musically-inclined, and you have to be graceful even when you fight. I used to pack up at 6 pm every day and then practised during the night for the same. I didn't want to look like I had learnt something just for the heck of it, and give a half-baked performance. Our hard work is now getting paid off,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695060", "title": "Maid held for abusing 4-year-old boy", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Thursday said they have arrested a 19-year-old domestic help from South Delhi, for allegedly sexually abusing the four-year-old son of her employer in Aundh. The victim's mother had lodged a complaint against the suspect, Reema Sundar Bhegra, on May 21. Bhegra was employed with the complainant since February. She was hired through an agency in Delhi.In her complaint, the victim's mother stated that the suspect had sexually abused her son on April 5. Since then, her son had started behaving in an unusual manner. On May 15, she caught the maid red-handed. Her son had then told her that the woman similarly abused him very often and had threatened to lock him in the bathroom if he revealed this to his parents. Following the incident, the family fired her. However, the woman would call on the complainant's cellphone and threaten to defame them by exposing the incident in public. The woman had also threatened the victim's mother by saying that she knew where her son goes to play.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Ajay Kadam of the Chatushrungi police said after receiving the complaint, the police team was trying to trace the maid. \"We contacted the agency from where the complainant had hired Bhegra and obtained her address. However, she was not at the address. Our team traced her in South Delhi and arrested her,\" Kadam said.Kadam said Bhegra was produced before the court in Delhi and was brought to Pune on transit remand. She has been booked under sections 377 (unnatural offences), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 507 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. \"We are investigating further,\" Kadam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13694027", "title": "Dutta, Arsiwalla set to make waves", "text": "MUMBAI: The rich legacy of Indian sailing appears to be in safe hands now. The young Mumbai pair of talented sailors Upamanyu Dutta and Hussain Arsiwalla has shown amazing ability in the recently concluded Junior 420 National Championship in Chennai by winning the Spring Chicken Cup for the Junior Under-19 trophy in the 420 Sailing Nationals 2012, and their close runners-up finish in the Open Class has singled them out as favourites to win accolades in the 420 Class for Under-19 sailors in the upcoming Asian Games 2014 in Incheon South Korea.The boys from the Royal Bombay Yacht Club are trained by legendary Farokh Taraporewala, former World Champion in the 420 Class. \"They are very talented and have ideal height and weight for the 420 class. They indeed have a lot of potential and can achieve greater things, but all depends how they perform over the next two years,\" said Taraporewala.The duo, sailing together for over five years, made the experienced team of Yakobu K &amp; Rajeev Kumar (AWSA - Hyderabad) sweat as they barely managed to hold on to their leading position in the open class. In true championship form, even the last race was critical and the decider for this well-contended event of the 12 race series, giving this championship a nail-biting finish.Upamanyu Dutta and Hussain Arsiwalla have just graduated from the single hander Optimist class of boats and this was their first event in the 420 class, a two-man trapeze boat. They are both in Standard X. Upamanyu is a student of Bombay International School and his crew Hussain, a student of BD Somani International School.The duo is now targeting Asian Games 2014 in Incheon, South Korea. Their immediate international exposure competitions will be the Youth World Championships in Ireland , in June and the 420 World Championships in Austria in July.According to Gautam Dutta, Upamanyu's father and former Asian Games sailing medallist, the Yachting Association of India (YAI) is committed to supporting them. Besides these two tournaments there will be around eight to ten events in the buildup to the Asian Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695155", "title": "Train rooftop traveller electrocuted", "text": "MUMBAI: In the second such incident on Central Railway in a week, a commuter travelling on the rooftop of a local got electrocuted.Irfan Usman Ghani Shaikh (35) sustained a high-voltage electric shock near Chunabhatti station on Thursday. The incident took place at 3.50 pm on a Panvel-bound slow local from CST. Harbour line services were disrupted from 3.53 pm to 4.30 pm.GRP officials said Shaikh, from Govandi, came in contact with an overhead wire. \"The train was not crowded due to the Bharat bandh, but Shaikh put his life in danger,\" a GRP official said. A minor was electrocuted in Dadar on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13694963", "title": "Samwartak, Jolly grilled in Delhi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former UT DPI (schools) Samwartak Singh and the teacher recruitment scam \"mastermind\", Jolly, were grilled for more than five hours in CBI headquarters, Delhi, on Thursday. They were questioned separately as well as together by a team led by SSP M C Sahni.Another accused Hardev Singh was quizzed on May 30. His recorded statement was tallied with that of Samwartak and Jolly.The CBI spokesperson, R K Gaur, confirmed the development and said both had appeared before the investigative agency around 11.30am. The Delhi CBI had registered a case of cheating, forgery and under Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988, against Jolly, Hardev and other officials of Chandigarh education department on May 27.A senior CBI officer said, \"It is premature to comment on the involvement of other senior IAS officers posted at Chandigarh at the time when the scam had come to light in 2009.\" But the officer hinted at the possibility of summoning some of the former UT officers or recording their statements in their present offices.The officer added that the recorded statements of Samwartak and Jolly were also being tallied with their earlier statements recorded by UT police and CBI.Samwartak, a Haryana civil services (HCS) officer, had been repatriated to his parent cadre and at present, he is the secretary with Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) in Sector 6, Panchkula. An FIR against Jolly, Hardev and other officials of UT education department was registered following the instructions of the Punjab and Haryana high court, which had slammed Chandigarh Police and UT CBI for \"avoiding significant evidences against senior officers\". Houses and offices of Samwartak, Jolly and Hardev were also searched by Delhi CBI sleuths on May 27, when they were grilled for many hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696536", "title": "Brace for floods this year too", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 40 'chronic flooding spots' and 213 'flooding spots' but the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) lacks long-term plans to solve the issue. Experts say British-era storm water drains must be upgraded and pumping stations must be operational quickly.A monsoon-trend study by former deputy commissioner Prakash Sanglikar shows that there's heavy rainfall mainly in suburban areas, particularly Mulund, Dindoshi, Marol, Goregaon and Borivli. They are more vulnerable to water-logging as the Mithi, Poisar, Oshiwara and Dahisar rivers flow through the region. \"There has been no improvement in the river system,\" said Sanglikar.The drain system cannot transport rain water, say experts . BMC's longest pending project, BRIMSTOWAD, first tabled in 1986 at a cost of Rs 600 crore, seeks to overhaul the century-old storm water drainage system consisting of major drains (210 km), minor nullahs (144 km), underground nullahs (174 km) and Britishera arch drains (528 km) and build eight storm water pumping stations. The project hopes to increase the capacity of drains of 25 mm rainfall in an hour to 50 mm and the run-off coefficient from 0.5 to 1. The project was revived after the 26/7 deluge and today the complete project costs Rs 3,535 crore. Nine out of 20 works under phase I and 18 out of 38 under phase II are left.Of the eight pumping stations proposed, only two have been completed at Irla nullah and Haji Ali in 2009.Everyday, I see someone or other dump garbage into the Irla Nullah, which is across my college. Yet, I have not seen a single person being finedRajiv Parabh | MITHIBAI COLLEGE STUDENTGarbage can be seen floating in the nullah in our area, choking its flow. If there is heavy rainfall, our society will surely get floodedDhaval Shah | VAKOLA RESIDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13696248", "title": "'Cops pressurizing my son not to fight municipal poll'", "text": "PATIALA: President of BJP's district unit Arun Gupta has accused police of conducting raids at his house at the instance of SAD leaders to mount pressure on his son to withdraw his nomination papers as an independent candidate from ward no 26.Police conducted two raids on Wednesday night and threatened the family with dire consequences if the BJP leader's son failed to withdraw his nomination as a candidate against SAD mayor Ajitpal Kohli.Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill and SP City Daljit Rana did not take calls on their mobiles.''Police conducted two raids at my house on late Wednesday evening. They misbehaved with my family members and even threatened physical harm to my son if he failed to withdraw his papers. We have been receiving threats,\" said Arun Gupta.After a delegation of senior BJP leaders met Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal at Chandigarh on Thursday and accused Patiala police of terrorizing the BJP leader, the has reportedly directed education minister Sikandar Singh Maluka to look into the matter and submit his report at the earliest.Rubbishing the allegations, Kohli said, \"I don't have time to waste on such things, I am busy campaigning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693771", "title": "\u2018Revolt\u2019 shadow on Naveen Patnaik\u2019s undisputed position as boss", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Irrespective of whether the BJD is headed for a split or not, the latest developments involving a powerful faction's reported ploy to oust Naveen Patnaik as Odisha CM and party president does not augur well for the regional party and its satrap, especially when he is aiming to spread his wings in national politics.With the BJD seemingly turning into a theatre of the absurd, Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra's aborted \"coup\" against Naveen has put the latter's status as the \"undisputed boss\" of BJD under the microscope, although his loyalists would not vouch for it.Never before in his 15-year-old highly successful political career had Naveen faced such a threat from within BJD, of which he is the founder-president since December, 1997. \"It has seriously dented the party as well as Naveen's position. He is no more the undisputed boss, but leader of the majority faction,\" noted a BJD MLA. \"The developments could turn decisive for the party's future strategies,\" the MLA added.The fact that the \"revolt\" was planned when Naveen was abroad and also when he was attempting to boost his political stock by proposing P A Sangma's candidature for President, spearheading the anti-National Counter Terrorism Centre campaign and working towards a 'non-UPA, non-NDA' alternative shows the intent of his intra-party rivals, sources said.\"Although the coup failed, yet it has sent the message that Naveen cannot take his chair for granted,\" a minister said.In the past, too, some leaders raised banners of revolt, including a group of MPs in 2001-02, against Naveen. Some others such as Bijay Mohapatra, Nalinikanta Mohanty, Dilip Ray, Ramakrushna Patnaik and Sarat Kar, whom Naveen perceived were scheming against him, had been shown the door.But, going by party insiders, none of them had the wherewithal to pose a serious threat to the BJD boss. The same, however, cannot be said of Pyarimohan, an astute bureaucrat-turned-politician having all that it takes to succeed in Odisha politics.Pyarimohan had over the years not only made Naveen, to a good extent, dependent on him to manage the government and the party, but also strengthened his own political position to a level that he was referred to as the \"second power centre\".\"Naveen's dependence made Pyarimohan the de facto boss. It seems to be a case of him turning Frankenstein,\" said a party legislator.Though it is still unclear as to why Pyarimohan fell from Naveen's grace during the past few months, various theories including expenditure of party funds and ego-clash abound. What is more apparent is that Naveen's decision to sideline him has made the Rajya Sabha member deeply hurt, to an extent where he is prepared to do or die.Though he has said he has no plans to upstage Naveen, his statement that the party organization nourished by him, and not Naveen's image, had led to BJD reaping rich electoral dividends and his throwing an open challenge to anyone having the \"guts\" to oust him from BJD clearly reflect he was out to assert his place, or more specially put Naveen in a tight spot.This prompted some BJD leaders like Cuttack MP Bhatruhari Mahatab to press for \"strong disciplinary\" action against the mischief-makers. \"The issue should be dealt with sternly,\" Mahatab said.While Naveen and Co succeeded in quelling the challenge, party insiders fear Pyarimohan is not one who believes in lying low.\"The coup failed because they could not muster the requisite numbers. They had made the arrangements and also contacted leaders of Congress, NCP and CPI. However, some BJD MLAs subsequently gave up on the idea while some Opposition leaders backed out at the last minute,\" a source said.Even then, the fact that four ministers, Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak, Sarada Nayak, Anjali Behera and Sanjib Sahu, and quite a few legislators did not show up at Naveen Niwas to express solidarity with the CM, indicate the Pyarimohan group could be down but certainly not out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13696096", "title": "Noida shuts down to protest spiralling prices", "text": "NOIDA: The all-India bandh on Thursday called by the National Democratic Alliance and Left parties to protest the petrol price hike evoked a partial response in Noida and Greater Noida. Even though neighbourhood shops largely remained open, many shops and business establishments in several areas of Noida and Greater Noida, including Sector 18 and Atta market, were forced to be closed by workers of political parties and representatives of Uttar Pradesh Udyog Vyapar Mandal. Backed by different political parties, trade unions and social organizations, protesters demanded a rollback of the price hike and warned they would intensify the agitation if their demands were not met.Largely, the bandh remained peaceful and no untoward incident was reported from any area, though vehicles went off the roads and attendance in banks and offices was reportedly thin. Many office goers refrained from venturing out to their offices in Delhi and Gurgoan fearing violence, protest rallies and traffic jams. \"Though I had planned to go to office, reports of traffic jams near AIIMS and Akshardham and possibility of violence breaking out kept me from my office in Delhi,\" said Saniya Sharma, an architect working at Aya Nagar.In Noida, on Thursday morning, many shops and establishments downed their shutters and many busy markets wore a deserted look. \"The bandh was successful for only half the day and by evening it was business as usual,\" said a trader from the Atta market in Sector 27. The Sector 18 Traders' Association president, Kidar Bansal, alleged that they were forced to close their businesses by workers of several political parties. \"I do not support the bandh and even now my five showrooms are open,\" Bansal said.President of Atta Market Association, CB Jha said, \"We totally support the bandh and appeal to the government to revoke the price hike.\" Shops at Sector 12 and 22 were also seen supporting the political parties and kept their shutters down. An effigy of the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was burnt by members of the Noida Udyog Vyapar Mandal.\"The Government should withdraw the price hike,\" said Sunil Choudhary of SP. \"We received a good response for the bandh in Noida and Greater Noida as traders from Atta market, Indra Market, Sectors 18, 9 and 10 markets joined our call an shut shop for the day,\" Choudhary said.BJP also joined the strike by organizing marches in Noida and Greater Noida where thousands of party workers took to the streets and also halted traffic at many busy crossings, including Sector 19 telephone exchange, Harola market and Jagat Farms. \"The fuel price hike affects everyone and must be rolled back,\" said Mahesh Sharma, BJP's legislator from Noida. Lambasting the government, Vimla Batham, a resident of Noida and BJP supporter, said that women are the worst hit by the decision of increasing the fuel prices as many could not afford to adjust the hike in their household budgets.Members of the Bharat Udyog Vyapar Mandal were satisfied with the traders for supporting the bandh. \"There was support from everywhere and the protest was without any violence,\" said Naresh Kunchal, district president. Cops were on alert during the bandh and were out in large numbers in all the commercial areas of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694540", "title": "15 detained, 2 held as Gujarat observes complete bandh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police was kept on toes by political activists and members of various parties the whole day as they damaged BRTS, AMTS and GSRTC buses running in the city and also stopped traffic and business activities in various areas. City police, however, maintained that the overall bandh was peaceful and no major body injuries or scuffles were reported.The BJP coalition had given Bharat Bandh call on Thursday to mark a protest against various issues, including the recent fuel price hike.Three AMTS buses were targeted near Saraspur at 10 am when bandh supporters stopped them and pelted stones at the vehicles. Window panes of two buses were damaged in the incident. Similarly, buses were targeted in Ghatlodia, Naranpura and Naroda.Vastrapur police detained six people near Himmatlal Park, Karanj police five near Roopali Circle and Shaherkotda police detained one, whereas Bapuangar police arrested two on Thursday. Four AMTS buses, two BRTS buses and one GSRTC bus were amongst nine vehicles reported damaged during the bandh.BRTS corridor and bus stands were surrounded by activists at various spots in the city. Most notably, a BRTS bus was targeted near Ghatlodia. Activists blocked the corridor by parking their vehicles at spots such as Shastrinagar, Naroda and Bapunagar.Deputy commissioner of police, Zone V, Parikshita Rathod said a police team deployed in Thakkarnagar stopped a group from vandalizing the GSRTC bus. \"While the driver and conductor fled from the spot, we detained two and have registered a case,\" she said.In areas such as Maninagar, police teams were seen asking the shop owners to close the shops to avert any altercation. In a major incident, a train was stopped ahead of Maninagar railway station by activists who slept on the track and also refused to budge till Government Railway Police (GRP) intervened and resorted to mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd.Bandh was near total in other parts of Gujarat. BJP workers in Surat stopped the Jammu-Tawi Express on Udhna railway station.In Vadodara, BJP workers trying to enforce the bandh were attacked by a mob in Raopura area.A party worker also registered a complaint of loot against the mob after he lost his gold chain in the melee. A businessman also lodged a complaint against BJP workers for ransacking his office. Private bus service VITCOS suspended their operations in Bhavnagar and Rajkot and autorickshaws also stayed off the roads.(Inputs from Rajkot, Vadodara and Surat)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696473", "title": "A new beginning during a shutdown", "text": "MUMBAI: A nationwide strike could do little to ruin the wedding plans of at least six couples who tied the knot at the Bandra marriage registration office on Thursday. In fact, a young groom hitched a ride with his bride-to-be to the venue, after the agency from where he had hired a car buckled under the bandh pressure and refused to send him a vehicle at the last moment. However , sparring couples took the day off, giving their scheduled appearance at the Bandra family court a miss.By noon, at the marriage registration office, six couples had exchanged rapid-fire vows, garlands and happy glances. The count was merely two less than the daily average of eight. \"It was like any other day here,\" said Surekha Lohakare, the suburban marriage registrar who has solemnized 1,210 civil weddings this year. On Lohakare's table were an assortment of pedas, a token of gratitude from the grooms and brides. Munching on one, Lohakare said she could not afford to stay away from work, even during a bandh. She managed to get an auto from near her home in Borivli and in less than halfan-hour , she reached her Bandra office, with the auto zipping past empty roads. By 10.30am, when the city was still tentatively stepping out to check the \"strike scene\" , the first couple of the day had already got hitched.After that, it was like the opening of a floodgate, with five couples tying the knot in quick succession. One of them was a doctor duo and the groom had flown down to the city from the US. To bless the newly-weds were their friends and families, who had taken every possible mode of transport-autos , trains, buses and two-wheelers-to reach the registration office.Around 1pm, a seventh couple stood outside the registration office with their families . To reach there, the groom , Anil Chavan from Vikroli , had to share a ride with his bride Pushpa Renose and her family, who picked him up on their way from Thane; the car Anil had hired did not turn up. The group reached the office in 30 minutes, thanks to deserted stretches, but Pushpa's brother said, \"We would have preferred the stress caused by snarls to the fear of our car being pelted with stones .\" Even as they waited, one from the group announced that they had found a priest; instead of a civil wedding, the couple decided to go for a traditional one. Anil and Pushpa, along with their entourage , headed for another venue, planning to register their marriage later.But a stone's throw away, at the family court, warring couples and even lawyers felt a day's delay would not really matter. Less than 15% litigants and even fewer lawyers showed up, though all the judges did. There were no divorces, and one marriage was saved after a judge said, \"Today is a bandh and a good day to stop your quarrel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13695394", "title": "Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education class X topper gives credit to father", "text": "AJMER: Ankur Poonia, who topped the RBSE class X exams owes his success to his father. His father, Shubh Karan Poonia, works in a transport company based in Jodhpur and is keen on giving the best education to his three children.Speaking to TOI just after the result was announced, Ankur said, \"My father had struggled a lot for my education and it is because of his hard work that I performed well.\" He also said that in future he wants to study at IIT.Ankur has two elder sisters who are pursuing higher education. \"My father works very hard and spends all his hard-earned money on giving us good educational facilities for our growth and development. I studied hours and hours to make his dreams come true.\" Anukur is a meritorious student since his early years and is also keen on sports. \"He has really performed well and we are happy to see the result. He got what he deserved,\" said Ram Niwas, director of Apex Public School, Jhodpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699414", "title": "When Ajay bumped into Sachin", "text": "Superstar Ajay Devgn recently bumped into cricketing legend Sachin Tendulkar at Mehboob Studios, Bandra. It so happened that Devgn was shooting for his upcoming movie Son of Sardaar on one floor and Sachin was present next door for an ad shoot. During one of the breaks, the duo met and had a hearty chat about cricket as well as sports !Later that day, the master blaster even tweeted about Devgn, \"Met Ajay Devgan at Mehboob studio. An actor with amazing talent &amp; ability. He has been brilliant for years now. Keep going strong Ajay.\"Ajay too who enjoyed this brief meeting tweeted, \"Just got back from a great day at work and to top it all of met Sachin Tendulkar on the sets as well. What a pleasure!\"Surely this was one memorable moment for the both of them!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13697572", "title": "Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh shot dead in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The chief of Ranvir Sena, the banned private army of upper castes in Bihar , Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, was shot dead in Bhojpur district early morning on Friday.Singh was on a morning walk when he was accosted by gunmen who pumped several bullets into him, killing him on the spot at Katira Mohalla under Nawada police station, 71 kms from Patna , police said.Singh, who was earlier facing life imprisonment in various carnage cases, was acquitted and recently released from jail.As the news of the killing spread, hundreds of Sena supporters gathered at the site of the killing and shouted anti-government slogans. They also tried to chase away policemen including the superintendent of police, who had arrived at the spot. Patrolling has been intensified in the area as tension ran high.Brahmeshwar Singh, the former mukhiya of Khopira panchayat of the Sandesh block of Bhojpur district, assumed leadership of the then Ranvir Kisan Sangharsh Samiti from the then mukhiya of Belaur block, Sheo Narain Choudhary, in 1994. In fact, under Choudhary's leadership, the samiti was not in a position to counter the move of CPI (ML)'s decision to impose economic ban on farmers in several villages of Bhojpur district. Brahmeshwar finally turned the samiti into a militant organisation which finally became Ranvir Sena.On July 25, 1995, the Ranvir Sena killed six people belonging to Musahar caste in Sarathua village, located near the Belaur village, the Sena headquarters. But Singh came into limelight after the infamous carnage at Bathani Tola under the Sahar block of Bhojpur district on July 10, 1996, in which the victims were mostly children and women.This was followed by a series of massacres in different villages of Bhojpur district. Four people were killed by Sena at Chandi village in February, three in Patalpura in March and five in Nanaur in April month of the same year. The spreading activities of the Sena finally forced the state government to ban it in August 1995.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13696421", "title": "On-call counselling for students: Himanta Biswa Sarma", "text": "GUWAHATI: State education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Thursday said that a special counseling call centre will be set up in the state for students to clear their doubts. Sarma made the announcement at a function on distribution of appointemt letters to teachers. Around 89 teachers in 46 different provincialized government colleges across the state were given appointment letters.The minister also said that college principals should focus on research work. \"It is time that principals of government colleges should go for research-based studies for themselves and also encourage students to do the same,\" he said.Emphasizing on the teachers' qualifications, the minister said that those having M.Phil degrees from off-campus or unregistered institutes will also have to go for campus degrees from a registered institute. \"A lot of teachers claim to be M.Phil degree holders, but acquiring such degrees from unregistered institutes will not be accepted. From now on, having an M.Phil degree only from a recognized institute will be made compulsory,\" Sarma said.Colleges which are not performing will also be under the scanner and every institute in the state will be monitored and graded. \"Both teachers and students' effort are required for smooth functioning of an institute. We would monitor each and every institute and anyone flouting any kind of norm would be answerable,\" he said. tnnSarma said that teachers who are traveling from the city to teach in remote areas will be given a special quarter within 5km from the school. \"There are teachers who travel from Guwahati to remote places on a daily basis. I feel this is needlessly and we are planning to construct special teachers' quarter for government schools and colleges,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13695818", "title": "Six die as boat capsizes in Mirzapur", "text": "VARANASI: Six women were killed while six other persons are said to be missing when an overloaded boat capsized in the midstream of the Ganga in Semra Baisukhia village under Dehat Kotwali police station in Mirzapur district on Thursday. The villagers and divers managed to save the lives of 16 other persons. Rescue operations were going on till the filing the report.According to reports, Shanti Devi, wife of Adya Prasad of Semra Baisukhia village, had hired a boat for Ganga Puja. When Shanti, her family and members of band party boarded the boat, some of her other relatives, mostly women and children, also insisted on coming along. As a result, the small boat became overloaded. When the boat started moving, the women and children started dancing on it. This caused the boat to tilt and lose its balance. When it reached the midstream, the boat capsized.Four persons, who knew swimming, managed to reach the shore safely while villagers and local divers swung into action to save other women and children. They managed to save 16 persons. However, Shanti Devi (45), Shyam Kali (48), Munni Devi (45), Payal (18), Kajal alias Gunjan (16) and Kanchan (16) died.Six other persons including Shruti (17), Bittan (14), Upasana (10) and Pappu Mishra (30) are still missing, as despite efforts of local divers as well as the flood squad of PAC, they could not be found till late in the evening. On receiving information of the incident, divisional commissioner, Mirzapur, PR Mishra, DIG Mirzapur range Mukesh Babu Shukla, district magistrate Govind Raju and SP SC Pandey reached the incident site, while flood relief squad of PAC was also called.The officials stayed at Semra Baisukhia village till late to monitor the rescue operation.The SP told TOI that the boat had not been taken out of the river hence any comment regarding its capacity could not be made, but it was suspected that the incident had occurred due to overloading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694353", "title": "Tourism complex to eat into Mangar cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large portion of the natural and sacred Mangarbani forest in Aravali will now pave way for a mega tourism complex spread over 500 hectares. After a long wait, the Haryana government has notified the Mangar Development Plan 2031 but did not upload the document on its official website for a fortnight to invite people's suggestions and objections.This has happened despite the government claiming that it is pushing for e-governance in Haryana and transparency and people's feedback are its top priority for better public participation in governance. The gazette notification on May 17 says the town and country planning department will consider objections and suggestions to the plan only in case these reach its headquarters by June 17.The state's plan to divert large portion of the sacred Mangar forest - protected by locals of Mangar and adjoining villages in Faridabad - for any non-forest use has come under criticism by environment activists. \"If the government keeps the notification in wraps, how can people file objections and suggestions? The plan has a huge impact on the ecology of the entire region and even the national capital. Losing huge natural ecologically sensitive area in Mangar, which also works as a natural water harvesting zone, would go against the plan of saving Aravalis,\" said Chetan Agarwal, an environment analyst.Environmentalists are shocked by the department's decision to reduce the forest cover notified under the Punjab Land Preservation Act and the Aravali Plantation project. While it was estimated to be 1,822 hectares under the draft development plan, in the latest notification, it has been reduced to only 1,274.33 hectares. This happened despite the planning department recommending an increase in the forest area to 3,800 hectaresafter a fact finding committee submitted a report.\"Supreme Court judgments clearly mention that all plantation area in Aravalis be treated as forest. The state government has been eyeing on this oldest and dense green cover in Aravalis for real estate development,\" said former conservator of forest R P Balwan, who had taken real estate sharks and mining mafia head on for damaging Aravalis.Earlier this year, the state-level committee (SLC) had cleared the proposal of the mega tourism complex and setting up of a government or private university over 40 hectares. The latest notification only adds the government can allow the tourism complex project after it receives all clearances and the plans are in compliance with the SC orders.The SLC had also turned down the proposal to declare Mangarbani as \"conservation zone\" claiming \"since the bani exists on private land, which is not notified under any forest notification...the government should not put any restrictions on the usage...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696128", "title": "It's easy to get 100 in languages", "text": "BANGALORE: Santrupthi R was surprised when the SSLC results came out. She got a perfect score in English, first language, though not her favourite subject. When the others boast of multiple centums in core subjects, which is normally justified, Santrupthi scored it in language, a trend that has been fast picking up in the past few years.The Times of India tries to find out why scoring a hundred in languages has become easy for students.The valuation scheme is set in such a way that it is easy to score in languages. For instance, the break up of marks for a five mark essay in the SSLC question paper is thus: introduction-1, body-1, conclusion-1, grammar-1, matter-1. Thus, if a student writes three paragraphs, he is eligible for more than half of the marks.Also a major section is objective. For instance, the first question in II PU English exam was: How old did Blandford say he was? The students had to answer it in one word or a phrase. The student who wrote the right answer even in figures (32) got full marks. There's not even a scope for spelling mistake there.This is the biggest criticism that language exams face: they fail to assess the reading and writing skills. \"That the students got the perfect marks is absolutely justified, but not valid or reliable. There are some criteria for evaluation. If they meet it, they can be given full marks. The problem is not that. The question paper is not set to analyse the language skills of a child. It's a content-based exam. This pattern has to change,\" said Ravinarayan Chakrakodi, faculty, Regional Institute of English.Evaluators say that some students are so good that they cannot cut marks. \"There are flawless papers that meet all the requirements. What is the justification to cut the marks? I found one grammar mistake in such a paper and reduced half a mark; but it got rounded off and again became 100,\" said Jagannath of Government PU College, Bantwal.However, once the marks cross the 90 limit, the deputy examiner has to review the paper again. The centums, the teachers say, happen only after tight scrutiny.Teachers admit that the fear of penalty in case the revaluation marks happen to differ from the original marks also add on to the high scores. \"If you give more marks, the students will be happy and hardly anyone will go for revaluation,\" said a lecturer from a prominent PU college in the city.\"In trying to get more rural students pass English, the question papers are diluted, making it easy for average and above average students to score,\" he added. Also the questions are being repeated over the years, helping students to score more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13695448", "title": "Two killed as truck hits motorcycle", "text": "KALYAN: Two youths died on the spot after their motorcycle was hit by a speeding truck on the narrow Sahad-Ambivli road in Sahad (W) on Thursday evening.Eyewitnesses said the truck rammed into the bike from the opposite direction and the victims, who got stuck in the truck wheel, were dragged up to some distance.The deceased, Amit Kulwani (25) and Umesh Budhwani (21), were Ulhasnagar residents and had gone to Ambivli for some official work and were returning home. Passersby caught the truck driver and handed him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696633", "title": "Cub's rescue proves national highway-7 too needs flyovers", "text": "NAGPUR: Although the Supreme Court has refused to grant any relief for four-laning of NH7 along the Pench Tiger Reserve, the case of abandoned cub has once again proved that it is an established wildlife corridor and hence if permission for road widening is granted, elevated underpasses or flyovers for wildlife will be need of the hour.The tiger cub found in Chorbahuli forest near Mogra lake on Thursday is one among the two cubs trapped in a camera on April 30, during the ongoing tiger estimation exercise. The camera traps installed in compartment number 593, on the edge of the Mansingdeo sanctuary, show two cubs.The compartment 593 is on the left side while going toward Seoni from Nagpur. Whereas the cub was found in compartment 270 on the right side. It means the tigress with two cubs must have crossed the highway to reach the other side.The fate of highway widening from Seoni in Madhya Pradesh to Mansar near Ramtek in Maharashtra hangs in balance as it will cuts tiger corridor between Pench, Kanha, Nagzira, Indravati, and Tadoba.On Maharashtra side, the proposed four-laning in the 39km patch from Deolapar to Mansar will cut through recently declared Mansingdeo sanctuary. The existing width of the road is 17 metres and NHAI plans to widen it to 60 metres. The road work may hit compartment number 593, where two tiger cubs have been found in the camera trap.In the latest report, the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , has recommended elevated underpasses for wildlife movement on NH6 near four forest patches between Lakhni in Bhandara and Deori in Gondia. Four-landing in these patches has been stalled as it will cut tiger corridors.Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager of Wildlife Trust of India (WII) which went to the Supreme Court against road widening, feels that after the supreme court orders, the NHAI will have to revise the proposal and seek permission from the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) headed by the prime minister.\"When the court has said that the issue should be decided on merits, it will not be easy for the NHAI to push for the four-laning,\" he said. \"Proposal for diversion of sanctuary land for any developmental project can be considered only by the NBWL. Nagpur-Seoni is 125 kms, of which 65km is forest area with rich wildlife,\" said Bhamburkar.The NTCA has already submitted that under no circumstances should the road be widened. It will lead to destruction of 22,482 trees in the area proposed for diversion on Maharashtra side alone. If implemented, it will damage tiger habitat and its corridors.Alternative route from Nagpur-Saoner-Chhindwara-Seoni to save two tiger reserves has been suggested but it is not acceptable to NHAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696942", "title": "Kanpur witnesses almost total Bharat bandh", "text": "KANPUR: The 'Bharat Bandh' call given by the National Democratic Alliance, Samajwadi Party and other political players, evoked good response on Thursday.The prominent markets remained closed. Wherever shops were open, the trade union leaders and other activists forced the shopkeepers to close the shops. The traders and political leaders tried every method to put up a strong protest against the petrol price hike and demanded its immediate roll-back. Even the petrol pumps remained closed for nearly three hours from 12.30 to 3 pm. People could not get the vehicles fuelled. The movement of the tempos and autos remained partially paralysed.The SP activists took out a procession through Naveen Market and ensured that each shop in the market was closed. The BJP workers sat down in the middle of Parade Chauraha to register a strong protest against the hike in the petrol price.The SP workers saw a restaurant open in Naveen Market, they forced its owner to shut down but he refused to do so. This led to heated arguments between the two sides after which the restaurant was closed. The SP leaders then reached Parade and PPN Market and ensured that the shops were closed.The BJP workers staged a demonstration at Shikshak Park and moved ahead in the form of a procession through Naveen Market. They raised anti-Congress slogans and held banners criticizing the Central government for gifting inflation to the people. A large number of women members of BJP also participated in the demonstration.Another unit of SP brought the movement of the heavy vehicles on the highway in Jajmau to a halt. They formed a human chain to paralyse the vehicular movement. The workers raised anti-Congress slogans and condemned the price hike. Later, they burnt the effigies of petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy .The members of CPI (M) took out a procession through various city markets like Naveen Market. Senior leader Subhashini Ali led the protest. At Rawatpur railway crossing, SP workers brought the Farraka Express to a halt. They climbed over the engine and raised slogans. At Panki railway station, the agitators tried to stop a passenger train but could not do so. At Jarib Chowki, BJP workers burnt the effigy of the petroleum minister. At Ghantaghar, protest was held by the members of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal. The traders took out the mock funeral processions of Congress leaders through various markets like Birhana Road, Collectorganj, Galla Mandi, Halsey Road, Nayaganj and burnt the effigies. They also took out a rickshaw processions.The members of wholesale medicine market also participated in the Bandh and kept the shops closed. The Birhana Road wore a deserted look. The Kanpur Bar Association joined the protest against the petrol price hike. The lawyers burnt the effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . They also stayed away from work.Nukkad Natak were also staged to protest against the price hike in petrol. In Naveen Market, it was staged through the Nukkad Natak that the two and four wheelers would be pulled by the horses or bulls as petrol was too costly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13694870", "title": "Woman falls from two-wheeler, hurt", "text": "HUBLI: A 25-year- old woman sustained head injuries when she fell from her two-wheeler after losing balance due to the buntings placed on the road divider in front of J G Commerce College on Thursday.The victim, Afreen Anjum, a resident of G-adda, is undergoing treatment at the SDM hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696945", "title": "Civic bodies elections: Two nominations filed on 1st day", "text": "KANPUR: Two Independent candidates of the general category filed nomination papers for the seat of corporators on the first day of the nomination process in civic elections on Thursday. Rajeev Upadhyaya and Mahendra Pratap Singh filed papers from ward number 70 and 78.No papers were filed for the mayor's seat. Similarly, no candidate filed nomination papers for corporators and chairman of Billhaur, Ghatampur, Shivrajpur and Bithoor municipal corporations and nagar panchayats.Most of the candidates preferred to purchase nomination forms and tried to know the norms for filling the form and other formalities.The district administration had set up the offices of returning officers of Kanpur nagar and nagar panchayat of Shivrajpur and Bithoor where a rush was witnessed. Mismanagement was also seen as control room and enquiry room were inside the building while entry of crowd was prohibited. Nobody was there to apprise the candidates.On the complaint of aspirants, the district administration had decided to set up a complaint cell near the entry point of the building. Proceedings for selling the forms was delayed for an hour due to unavoidable reasons.In all, 864 forms were sold on day one. As many as 16 of them were for the mayor's post while 827 for corporators. For Bithoor nagar panchayat chairman and corporators, 9 and 12 nomination forms were purchased by the candidates respectively.Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party had declared Jagatveer Singh as its mayoral candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13693952", "title": "'No one has the guts to expel me from BJD'", "text": "Following reports that he was attempting to dethrone Naveen Patnaik as CM and BJD president, party MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra told a media conference he was not strategizing to takeover. He, however, admitted to differences with the BJD supremo. Sandeep Mishra reportsOn his reported move to divide BJD:There is no fear of spilt. (But) I cannot talk about the future; I am not an astrologer. There is no dissidence in BJD. Grievances have increased because proper care is not being taken of the party.On a group of party MLAs meeting him when Naveen was abroad:Thrity-three MLAs, including ministers Anjali Behera, Sarada Nayak and Sanjib Sahu, met me at my residence on Tuesday evening and expressed their discontentment over party affairs. At least 13 other legislators told me they did not come to avoid the media. The MLAs are unhappy because some undisciplined elements were affecting the party organization for the past two-three years. The party won successive elections because of discipline. But after winning popular mandate, the organization is not being looked after to the extent it should be. I pointed out about party indiscipline one-and-a-half years back, but no action was taken. I will not say Naveen has failed as the leader of the party.On his ambition to become CM:I have no aspiration to become CM. There was no move to unseat Naveen and I have no such strategies. He is completely safe as CM as he is the leader of BJD. If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. In 2009, over 90 per cent of the party candidates who became MLAs were recommended by me and selected by Naveen. The CM did not even know them. I could have attempted (to become CM) then. Why now when it is the worst period?On his differences with Naveen:The state government was slowly losing control due to bureaucrats' arrogance. I had drawn the CM's attention to this but little action was taken. Consequently, arrogance of bureaucrats was increasing day by day. Naveen is surrounded by some conspirators, who are attempting to create problems between Naveen and me.On whether he had spoken to Naveen:The CM had called me last night and enquired about several legislators gathering at my residence. I told him there was no formal meeting and some MLAs visited me to discuss their grievances and party organizational matters. (Sources told TOI that Naveen was likely to cut short his trip in view of the political developments in Odisha and return to Bhubaneswar by Thursday.)On CM's reported remark that an MP was 'stirring trouble':Naveen possibly made such statements after being misled by some party leaders, who held a meeting at Naveen Niwas as a panic reaction on Tuesday night.On his contribution to BJD:Naveen continues to be the leader of BJD and pursues his own principles. I have always said I am the 'Karmi (worker) No. 1', while Naveen and others were the netas. Naveen gave me the responsibility to look after the party organization since 2003. The public mandate for BJD was because of the organization, not because of (anyone's) image. Image can contribute to five to 10 per cent, but victory is due to the organization.On whether he apprehended getting suspended or expelled from BJD:With my personality can it be limited to suspension or expulsion. Who can do it in this party? Who has the guts to do it? The BJD president has powers, but going by the party constitution it has to be ratified by the party's state executive committee.On 'threat' to his life:Three days ago, when I had been to Baramunda bus stand (in Bhubaneswar) to go to Rairangpur, I learnt that six persons in a SUV were heard saying \"isko udadenge (we will eliminate him)\" and dropped a soiled photo of mine before leaving the place. I had taken it lightly thinking it was a hollow threat. But later someone told me that a Kolkata-based gangster, Sunil Dutta, had been hired by a party MLA. I will not disclose the name of the MLA, but I feel threatened and have told the police. Some people want to eliminate me to target the CM. I will tell everything to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696700", "title": "University earns Rs 8.5cr from engineering forms sale", "text": "CHENNAI: The demand for engineering courses is so high that Anna University, which is responsible for conducting the admissions, has raked in at least 8.5 crore through the sale of applications forms. The Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions Committee has sold 2,28,243 applications this year, a more than 50% jump over the previous year.Experts said the slight dip in cutoff marks this year could have prompted more applicants to buy forms this time. \"The lower cutoffs have given students hope that they will be able to get admission for the desired course in the college they wish to study in,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi.Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar said there were 2.2 lakh seats in 535 engineering colleges in the state. Sources in the southern regional office of the All India Council for Technical Education said another 5,000 seats would be added as 15 more colleges are likely to join the list of technical institutions in Tamil Nadu.Last year, only 1.48 lakh candidates applied to take part in the single window counselling. The number of eligible candidates was lower than the number of seats available. At the end of the counselling session, about 45,000 government quota seats went vacant.This year, the number of government quota seats available is expected to be lower than the number of students taking part in the counselling process. Anna University started issuing the application forms even before the class 12 board exam results were published.Professor Mannar Jawahar told reporters that the date for the engineering counselling, set to begin on July 9 for students applying under the general category, may be delayed by four days as the last date for submitting the application forms for taking part in the counselling for medical seats has been postponed. The last date for submitting the filled-in application forms is June 6. Applicants will be assigned random numbers on June 20 and the rank list will be published on June 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13693880", "title": "Farmers struggle to get fair compensation for land given to Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: Farmers in Somayampalyam near Vadavalli seem to be fighting a losing battle, trying to get a fair price for the land they had given up to the government in the early 1980s to establish the Bharathiar University campus.Many of the 1200 farmers feel cheated as officials had acquired 994.04 acres of land at 1,000 per acre. Though a district sub-court had directed the government way back in October 2007, to pay an enhanced compensation of 2,700 per cent, no step has been taken to pay the amount. The farmers are planning another round of agitation to demand adequate compensation. They also plan to demand return of the land if the government fails to compensate them in a fair manner.With the district units of CPM and farmers outfit Tamil Nadu Vyavasayikal Sanghom extending their support, farmers will hold a protest on June 19 by occupying the land of the university.\"We have waited for three decades for this meager compensation. Present market value of the acquired land is several crores of rupees. Most of the land acquired by the university is still lying vacant,\" said VP Elangovan, who leads the Sanghom. Repeated representations to higher-ups were of no use. Thus they are planning to occupy the vacant lands of the university as a last resort, he said.Coimbatore MP and senior CPM leader P R Natarajan told TOI that his party would also participate in the strike demanding implementation of the court order. \"The compensation provided to the farmers was very meager. It is humiliating that the government paid just 1,000 per acre during acquisition. Sadly, most lands acquired for the university remain vacant,'' he pointed out.The government should have given us compensation ranging between 3,000 and 7,000 per acre. Instead, they had approached the court to delay the process. Now they are not honouring the court verdict too,'' Elangovan said.D Babu who had given up 24 acres said that they had tried their best to keep their land but in the end the pressure was too much. He is struggling to educate his children by selling milk.\"The government had offered just 80 per cent. We went to court and increased the compensation by 2,600 per cent. The amount is yet to reach us,\" he said, adding that his father and his relatives have died without seeing the compensation due to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695302", "title": "Govt yet to take a view on J&K; interlocutors' report: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking an \"informed debate\" on the Jammu and Kashmir interlocutors' report, home minister P Chidambaram on Thursday said the government will take a view on it including the recommendation on setting up of a constitutional committee only after looking at its \"pros and cons\" at a later stage.\"The government has not taken a view,\" he said when asked whether the government will accept the interlocutors' recommendations for setting up a constitutional committee to review all central Acts and Articles of the Constitution extended to the state after 1952.The home minister said it was not appropriate for him to express his personal views on the issue when the government was yet to consider it.Expressing hope that an informed debate will take place on the report which should include the political parties, Chidambaram said, \"Each one of us is a prisoner of the past. We should release ourselves from the past and genuinely participate in the debate. When the debate takes place, I am sure, different views will be expressed on the proposal to constitute a constitutional committee and let us look at the pros and cons of the report.\"Asked whether it would be a structured debate, the home minister said the interlocutors had offered to act as \"resource persons\" to facilitate the debate. \"So, I think over the next couple of months, there will be a few workshops around the country where the interlocutors will be available as resource persons,\" he said.Indicating that an all-party meeting may be called to discuss the report at a later stage, Chidambaram said, \"It is also my view that at some point of time, we should call the all-party meeting which gave rise to the appointment of the interlocutors... Meanwhile, I think the political parties will also discuss the report and come up with their views.\"This is an important matter and I think we should approach it with a great degree of seriousness so that there is a genuine and informed debate on the subject.\"The report by the interlocutors -- Dileep Padgaonkar, Radha Kumar and M M Ansari -- was made public on May 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694982", "title": "Raising age of consent for sex to 18 regressive, undemocratic: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming a new law that raises the age of consent for sex from 16 to 18 years \"undemocratic\" and \"regressive\", a trial court feared it would act as a \"tool for the police to harass minors\".The Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act ( PCSOA), passed by Parliament in the recently concluded session, criminalizes all sex by teenagers.\"Such a move would open the floodgates for prosecution of boys for offences of rape on the basis of complaints by girls' parents irrespective of whether the girl was a consenting party,\" said additional sessions judge Virender Bhat, in an order passed earlier this week.While the court made it clear that it was against teenage sex and shared the concern of parents and the government, it said raising the age bar was not a solution. Imparting sex education in schools was a better option, it said.\"Good virtues cannot be inculcated and good conscience cannot be imbibed in a child by legal provisions. It would be better and wiser to leave this job to parents and school teachers... Children need to be imparted sex education in the schools,\" the judge said while sending a copy of the order to the secretary, law department and chairman of the National Law Commission as a suggestion from the court.The observations were made while acquitting one Sandeep Paswan, facing trial for kidnapping and raping a minor girl who had eloped with him. The two had married at an Arya Samaj Mandir in Lucknow.According to the police, the 15-year-old girl had gone missing from her house in January 2011. Her father then reported the matter to the police on February 17, 2011 and an FIR was registered. The girl was found in August 2011 from a village in Uttar Pradesh where she was living with Sandeep as his wife.While absolving Sandeep of the charges, the court noted that it was clear from the girl's testimony that she eloped with him as they were in love.The court said, with the advent of cable television, internet and rapid changes in biological factors, children were getting exposed to knowledge about sex and marital relations at an early age. \"With the result, cupid strikes them at an early age, before they attain majority.... Since parents are always opposed to such an alliance, may be rightly so, the loving couple elope,\" the judge observed.The court said even boys in some cases become victims as they do not understand the consequences of their actions and are sometimes lured by the girl.\"Such cases should be an eye opener for the worthy lawmakers of our country, who, I understand, are contemplating raising the age limit for consensual sex from 16 to 18 years. Gone are the days when a child of 16 or 17 years of age was ignorant about sex and the desire to have sex,\" the judge said.The order comes on the heels of another judge, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau raising similar concerns.Times ViewWe are in complete agreement with the observation of this trial court that the new law is likely to become a tool to harass teenagers rather than one that protects them. Unfortunately, the law has already been passed by Parliament and given presidential assent. We would still urge our lawmakers to reconsider what they have done and amend the law to ensure that consensual teenage sex is not criminalized. Neither Parliament nor the government should see this as a matter of their prestige. What is important is what is good for our young and that should remain the prime consideration. Sticking to a bad law does not enhance the authority of the state, it diminishes it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695298", "title": "Chhatarpur, Morena districts boil, record 47.5\u00b0C", "text": "BHOPAL: Northern parts of Madhya Pradesh and Bundelkhand region continued to reel under intense heat wave conditions with Naugaon in Chhattarpur district and Morena recording a maximum temperature of 47.5 degrees Celsius on Thursday--the highest temperature of the season in the state so far.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 47 degrees Celsius. Shivpuri and Khajuraho were close with 46.8 and 46.7 degrees C respectively. Hot winds swept across the two regions the whole day as the sun blazed, forcing people to stay indoors.Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle ruled out the possibility of respite. Same conditions would continue for a few more days, they said. Even the minimum temperature at a number of places remained above 30 degrees mark, offering no let up in evening and late hours. The maximum and minimum temperature in Bhopal, Indore and Jabalpur ranged between 45.1 and 26.4 degrees.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 43.6 (+5) degrees C against a minimum of 30.5 (+5) degrees. The maximum in Indore remained at 41.4 (+3) degrees and 26.4 (+1) degrees C as the minimum temperature.Jabalpur recorded a maximum temperature of 45.1 (+5) degrees and a minimum of 30.4 (+3) degrees C. The weatherman issued a warning about heat wave conditions in northern parts of the state on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702207", "title": "Kabbadi Once Again team reaches Bangla Sahib", "text": "On Wednesday, members from the cast and crew of upcoming movie Kabaddi Once Again reached Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, New Delhi to seek the blessings of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji before the release of the movie. Movie is scheduled to be released on 8th June 2012 worldwide. Lead actor and renowned body builder Varinder Singh Ghumman, Sudeepa Singh along with director Sukhminder Dhanjal and writer and actor Sardar Sohi reached Gurudwara Bangla Sahib.After the prayers team was honored with siropas by Gurudawara Committee. While talking to media, Varinder Singh Ghumman said that being a sportsman he believes in commitment. He is committed to his roots and wanted to inspire the young generation to get healthy by getting rid from drugs. He said that though the movie is based on Punjab's Maa Khed Kabbadi, but he has put a lot of hard work to learn acting. Charming Sudeepa was happy to be in Delhi. She was excited to see the tremendous response they are getting from public. She said that she is playing a small but important role in the movie. Her character triggers the nerves of hero and takes the story to its final culmination. Though she refuses to accept the feelings of hero in the begining, but in the end she could not resist herself to fall in love with him.Director Sukhminder Dhanjal said, \"Movie revolves around the Kabaddi, but it is not just a game's story, it is about love, romance, corruption in sports, match fixing and human trafficking via the route of sports. We have tried to put every element of entertainment and if someone comes to watch the movie in to the cinema hall, he/she might not be feeling regretted. Anita Shabdeesh, who is playing the role of a mother of the hero said, \"This is the movie every youngster of Punjab living in India and around the globe should definitely watch.\" Sardar Sohi said that it is the real story of his family. So it was not a tough job to write dialogues of the movie. He is playing the character of father of the hero. Dhanjal said that the team is going to visit major cities of northern India for a promotional tour. Detailed scheduled of this tour will be released soon.Source: justpanjabi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694095", "title": "Nashik-Mumbai train extended by a week", "text": "NASHIK: Started on a trial basis, the Nashik - Mumbai 1035/1036 train is likely to be extended by a week after Nashik MP Sameer Bhujbal forwarded a request to the railway administration regarding the same.Sameer Bhujbal had presented a letter to the Central Railway general manager, Subodh Jain, requesting him to extend the services of the train as it would reduce the passenger traffic faced by Pancahavati Express in the morning.\"The officials have decided to extend the train for another week and the notification is likely to come on Friday,\" a railway official said on condition of anonymity.Accordingly, the train will be extended for a week from June 2 To June 8, sources from the railway administration in Mumbai told TOI.The train has been running successfully with nearly 80% occupancy, railway officials from Nashik said. They are hopeful that the train will get the permanent status.\"There has been a history that the trains, started on trial basis are eventually given a permanent status and this train is also likely to be made permanent. This was not a holiday special per se,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13696826", "title": "Rupert Murdoch turns millstone for British Prime Minister", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron on Thursday felt further heat of a scandal that's refusing to fade away: of British politicians being too intimate with controversial media baron, Rupert Murdoch .Cameron's encirclement continued with a cabinet minister close to him, Jeremy Hunt , cornered at the Leveson Inquiry, a judicial probe into press standards, known as the Leveson Inquiry.It appears Cameron entrusted Hunt with playing a quasi-judicial role to adjudicate on whether News Corporation should increase its shares in the highly profitable broadcaster, BSkyB, from 39% to 100%, knowing full well that Hunt was virtually a cheerleader for the bid. Cameron is said to have got legal advice to clear Hunt's appointment.The question is whether it was correct to do so. In other words, Was it was a calculated move on Cameron's part to favour Murdoch, whose hot-selling daily tabloid, The Sun, had switched support from the opposition Labour party to Cameron's Conservatives?After he testified gave evidence before Justice Brian Leveson, Hunt was accused by a Labour MP, Chris Bryant, of twice lying to parliament. Speaking on radio, He said Hunt told House of Commons in April that \"he absolutely made no interventions of influencing the quasi-judicial decision\". Yet we now know, because he's owned up to it, he sent this memo to Cameron in which he said he demanded a meeting between himself, the PM, the Deputy PM Nick Clegg and Vince Cable (business minister, stripped off the responsibility of deciding on Murdoch's move for his bias against News Corp), because he thought if the bid were to be blocked our media sector would suffer for years\" The hot potato in the mix has been a persistent News Corp lobbyist, Fred Michel (who was texting Hunt's special adviser at an average of five times a day while the Murdoch case was being considered).Bryant said Hunt was asked whether he had any contact with Michel, to which, according to Bryant, \"He said that contact with Fred Michel was only at official meetings that were minuted with other people present. Yet he went on at length today (at the Leveson hearing) about all sorts of contact with Fred Michel and with others.\"Bryant, a victim of phone hacking by Murdoch's newspapers, added, \"Hunt wrote to the PM saying, 'In the end I'm sure sensible controls can be put into any merger to ensure there is plurality'. That is before he even had any responsibility for the decision and that's exactly what he went on to implement. That meant he was sometimes completely blind to what the quasi-judicial process is.\" He called for Hunt's sacking.Hunt admitted he was \"broadly sympathetic\" to News Corp. Indeed, just hours before he inherited Cable's quasi-judicial role, he texted James Murdoch, \"Sorry to miss your call. Am on my mobile now, Jeremy.\" He, then, felicitated Murdoch for the European Commission issuing a \"no objection\" to News Corp's interest on competition grounds. \"Great and congrats on Brussels. Just Ofcom (the UK regulator) to go!\"Before the debate over was Hunt, Cameron's former trusted press secretary, Andy Coulson, were charged with perjury on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13696259", "title": "Bandh, protests all over Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A complete bandh was observed in Punjab on Thursday though day-to-day activities were only partially affected in Haryana. Commercial establishments, private and government schools, remained shut and transportation came to a near standstill. The schools that opened saw negligible number of students.Roads in most cities including Amritsar, Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Patiala wore a deserted look. However, despite the intense summer heat, SAD and BJP leaders protested, blocked roads and burnt effigies of the UPA government, demanding a rollback of the recently-hiked petrol rates.In Phagwara, SAD-BJP workers led by chief parliamentary secretary Som Parkash and Markfed chairman Jarnail Singh Wahid agitated on the national highway-1, in front of the bus stand, for nearly 45 minutes. Private and mini buses stayed off roads while Punjab roadways buses were in operation. SAD-BJP workers waylaid traffic at the main Chandigarh chowk for around an hour.Cabinet minister Bikram Singh Majithia took out a cycle rally from Ranjit Avenue to the district administrative complex for handing over a memorandum to the additional deputy commissioner.Majithia said, \"The steep rise in petrol rates from Rs 36 per litre during tenure of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee-led NDA government to Rs 80 per litre speaks volumes about the mismanaged affairs in the Centre.\" The situation was similar at Tarn Taran, Gurdaspur, Pathankot and Qadian.In Sangrur, Punjab finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa led protesters at the district administrative complex.Dhindsa, accusing Centre of \"befooling masses\", said the oil companies earn at least Rs 10,000 crore profit per year and the Union government was at present getting Rs 15 as tax on per litre of petrol. The bandh call in Congress-ruled Haryana evoked a mixed response.The bandh was successful in Yamunanagar, Kurukshetra, Hisar, Sirsa and Ambala, where demonstrations were organized by the Left parties. The BJP-HJC workers urged shopkeepers to keep shutters down in Hisar and Sirsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694706", "title": "Mayor\u2019s largesse to Ahmednagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 40,000 residents of mayor Majid Hussain's Ahmednagar division near Masab Tank are a happy lot these days. While the entire city reels under water shortage, for the people of the mayor's division water and power woes could well be a thing of the past. With lakhs of rupees sanctioned only a week ago for various works, there is a flurry of activity to improve water and power supply.A whopping Rs 1.5 crore has been allocated to tackle inundation of roads during the monsoon season, which is only a few days away. A sum of Rs 60 lakh has been sanctioned to tide over the water crisis in the division. Earlier Rs 27 lakh was released for laying drinking water pipeline. The mayor says that the swift laying of separate pipelines for water and sewage will solve 95% of the woes of residents. And once the laying of underground pipelines is finished, the roads would be re-carpeted.The mayor doesn't want his voters \"to grope in the dark\" and has got mini-mast lamposts installed at some junctions. Also, at least 16 new light poles are being installed with more awaiting sanction. A four-storied complex to house a primary school and a junior college for girls will be built on 500 square yards plot at the Hasham Ali compound.A rose garden is slated to come up at the Chacha Nehru Park just before the Global Diversity Summit in early October this year. With around 190 participants from across the globe, the mayor seems keen on putting Ahmednagar on the world map. Majid Hussain says, \"All civic problems of the area will come to an end soon. Work worth Rs 20 lakh has already been completed and an amount of Rs 60 lakh was sanctioned for civic infrastructure a week ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698956", "title": "When soccer star Naseer outplayed youngsters", "text": "In Nagesh Kukunoor's critically acclaimed film Iqbal , we saw him essay the role of a cricket coach. And recently, while shooting for Solomon Ahishor's directorial venture John Day , the 61-year-old actor surprised all crewmembers with his skill and agility in a game of football.After shooting for a scene, that involved the greying footballer (played by Naseer) and his daughter, a football enthusiast (played by Arika Silaichia), the actor refused to stop the game. To the surprise of those present, the veteran actor continued to play - leaping, passing, dribbling the ball with passion. While this drew the onlookers to the game , Naseer soon outplayed them, in a commendable show of energy and stamina. When contacted, co-producer Anjum Rizvi told, \"It was rather nice to see Naseer play football so enthusiastically. The entire crew joined him. They had a lot of fun. I must admit, Naseer was way more energetic than the younger boys.\" John Day , produced by Anjum Rizvi and K Asif is a revenge drama starring Randeep Hooda, Shernaz Patel, Salim Ghouse and Vipin Sharma along with Naseer and Arika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694824", "title": "Chetna raths for disaster management awareness", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Disaster Management Authority (BSDMA) has directed all the District Disaster Management Authorities (DDMAs) in the state to take out Chetna Rath at block and panchayat level to create awareness about flood safety, disaster preparedness and risk management under the 'Observe Flood Safety Week' programme in the state from June 1.Giving this information, the vice-chairman of BSDMA, Anil Kumar Sinha, said a quick response to disasters was imperative to reduce the loss of human lives and damage to property, and so the people and volunteers need to join hands to face the calamities.The DDMAs will create public awareness regarding disaster mitigation and risk reduction, safety measures will be publicized at railway stations, panchayat bhawans, airports, libraries, hospitals, banks, post offices, civil courts, bus stands, shopping complexes, hats and bazaars, cinema halls, municipal bodies, and public places, he said.Keeping in view the vulnerability to floods and the need for wide public awareness activities, the BSDMA will organize two state-level workshops, Sinha said. The first workshop on 'Flood Preparedness and Resource Mapping' will be organized here jointly by the BSDMA and Unicef on June 1 to build new partnerships between the NGOs and state officials to strengthen existing relationship and promote better coordination among the stakeholders involved in addressing the issues of flood in Bihar by way of information sharing. This workshop will focus on the issues ranging from the status of flood preparedness in Bihar, the findings of disaster perception study and preparedness of government and NGOs.The second workshop on 'Flood Risk Management: Flood Forecasting, Monitoring and Mitigation' will be organized here on June 6. Sharing of best technological practices implemented across the country for flood preparedness, response and mitigation will be in focus at the workshop.Sinha said people having the skills of disaster preparedness and reduction can become 'Apda Mitra' to be involved as volunteers during the floods. He said songs relating to disaster preparedness have been sent to the DDMAs. Measures need to be taken for preparing kits in every home to save important documents from being washed away during floods. Cattle safety measures too need to be taken and structural mitigation model has to be prepared as part of flood safety measures, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695263", "title": "Cong misusing CBI: Rajendra Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP would make all possible attempts to bask in glory of Thursday's development in the Rajendra Rathore issue, but the just released legislator is expected to come out as the ultimate winner. With Rathore absolved of all charges in the Dara Singh case, the former minister and senior BJP leader is expected to bounce back into action with a larger stature in the party with a stronger public support.Rathore wasted no time cashing in on the opportunity by announcing to travel the length and breadth of state to spread awareness on what he called the misuse of CBI by Congress and speak against the Gehlot government. The state BJP rallied behind him extending support to his cause.\"Rathore's tour in the state would be finalized after consultation with seniors in the party and also the party high command,'' said state party president Arun Chaturvedi. After being released from the Central Jail, Rathore went straight to the state party headquarters where Chaturvedi welcomed him in the presence of media and hundreds of supporters.As senior leaders of the party see it, the arrest and release of Rathore will help build an individual support for himself in the state, distinct from being the current staunch Vasundhara Raje loyalist.\"Though senior and a strong party leader, Rathore was known more for being the political mind behind Raje and as her right hand. However, he did not much need public support across the state, which he will make attempts to build up,'' a senior BJP leader said.Political experts said Rathore, who was in no position before to plan state-level campaigns keeping himself in the forefront, now not only announced to do so but is also supported by the party. Rathore also becomes the face for the party's biggest allegation against the Congress - that of misuse of investigation agencies - which the party would want to highlight not just in the state but nationally. \"Misuse of investigation agencies by Congress is not new and here is the live example of how CBI was misused,'' Chaturvedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13698323", "title": "Acer, Toshiba to unveil Windows 8 tablets", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Acer, Toshiba and Asustek Computer will unveil tablets running Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system next week, people with knowledge of the matter said, challenging the dominance of Apple's iPad.Acer will display a tablet based on Microsoft's new software at the Computex show in Taipei, while Toshiba will show a tablet and a notebook-type device, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans haven't been made public. Asustek will present tablets with detachable keyboards similar to its current Transformer model, the people said.The annual Computex show provides a forum for the computer industry to tout its wares before the typical increase in second-half demand. Computer makers allied with Microsoft will use this year's event to highlight a long-awaited response to the iPad and machines that run Google's Android operating system, which together have 91 per cent of the tablet market.Windows 8 also will be the first version of the software that will work on processors using ARM Holdings technology, a type of chip made by Qualcomm and Nvidia that dominates the phone industry. ARM-based chips, manufactured by Samsung Electronics , power the iPad.The use of ARM-based chips marks a snub for Intel, which along with Advanced Micro Devices has been the exclusive provider of chips for Windows machines. Intel, which has more than 80 per cent of the PC-chip market, hasn't been able to parlay that dominance into market share in phones or tablets.Asustek will demonstrate tablets based on an Nvidia ARM- based chip called Tegra and another powered by an Intel chip, the people said. The Tegra-based device, which is similar to the one that will go on sale, will be displayed publicly, setting up an opportunity for direct comparisons between a Windows computer running on ARM and one using Intel technology.Tablet sales The Acer tablet is built around an Intel chip, while Toshiba is using Texas Instruments for its processors.Microsoft plans to show off Asustek devices in a presentation by Vice President Steven Guggenheimer at the show on June 6, said one person familiar with the company's plans.The show provides the first airing of tablet hardware that Microsoft intends to use to narrow Apple's lead in the tablet market. Sales of Windows PCs to consumers have slumped as buyers opt for tablets, making it critical for Microsoft to offer a compelling option in that category.The tablet market is poised to grow 70 per cent a year on average through 2015, according to estimates from Evercore Group LLC. Traditional notebooks will have an average annual growth rate of 8 per cent. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook predicted in January and reiterated this week that tablets will surpass PCs in terms of units sold.Windows 8 The June 5-9 Taipei show will highlight a limited number of ARM-based devices as Microsoft seeks to ensure that when Windows 8 is released later this year, the products will stand up to comparisons with the iPad. The limited debut will be followed by a second wave of computer and phone makers lined up for next year, two of the people said. Qualcomm, the world's largest maker of mobile-phone chips, will demonstrate a test device running Windows 8 based on its Snapdragon processor, said a person familiar with its plans. The company is committed to having customer devices in the market when the new version of the software goes on sale, the person said. Spokesmen for Microsoft, Asustek, Acer, Nvidi, Intel and Texas Instruments declined to comment on their plans before announcements and demonstrations planned for next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694800", "title": "Bandh complete in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The daylong Bharat bandh call given by the NDA to protest against the recent hike in petrol prices and general increase in food prices was complete in the state as shops generally remained closed across Bihar, vehicles, both light and heavy, remained off the roads and rail services were disrupted.Even CM Nitish Kumar , who reached Bhagalpur on Wednesday on his three-day 'Seva Yatra', cancelled all his programmes on Thursday in deference to the appeal made by the state JD (U), said the party's state president and Rajya Sabha member Vashishth Narain Singh. \"The CM will resume his public programme from Friday,\" he said.According to separate estimates of the two NDA constituents, the BJP and JD (U), around 10,000 people courted arrest in the state, while around 1,000 BJP and JD (U) workers courted arrest in Patna alone.Those who courted arrest or were detained by the police included state BJP chief and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur and JD (U) state chief Singh in Patna, JD (U) national chief Sharad Yadav and the party's Khagaria MP Dinesh Chandra Yadav at Madhepura, BJP MP and its national spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain at Bhagalpur, JD (U) MP from Vaishali Ram Sundar Das at Hajipur and JD (U) MP from Nalanda Kaushalendra Kumar at Biharsharif. Several MLAs and other legislators also courted arrest. BJP state general secretary and MLC Mangal Pandey said the police later released the detainees in Patna.Although the bandh call had been given by the NDA, Left parties, including the CPI (ML), CPI, CPM and Socialist Unity Centre of India (SUCI), also registered their separate participation in the bandh at several places.In Patna, the Left parties blamed both the central and state governments for the price rise, maintaining that the state government should reduce VAT charged on petrol to give succour to consumers. This point of the Left did not go down well with the two NDA constituents, and the BJP and JD (U) workers had separately minor scuffle with the CPI (ML) workers at the Dak Bungalow crossing here. The police intervened in the nick of time to bring order.Despite the fact that the bandh protagonists had started coming out on roads from around 7am in different localities of the state capital, the government offices were open, but the presence of visitors at the state secretariats from across the state was reported to be low. Similarly, banks remained open, but the transactions were reportedly low. Plying of two and four-wheelers was obstructed by bandh supporters at many points - Ashiana Mor, Hartali Mor, Income-Tax roundabout, Dak Bungalow crossing, Ashok Rajpath and Exhibition Road.Besides, bandh supporters disrupted rail services at Purnia, Bhagalpur, Darbhanga, Barh, Ara and Patna. In Patna, BJP MLA Arun Kumar Sinha led his supporters to Rajendra Nagar railway terminus, while members of the All India Mahila Brigade disrupted trains at the Patna Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695487", "title": "Cabinet okays 7-year jail for human safaris in Andamans", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a video showing scantily clad Jarawa tribal women had kicked up a huge storm, the government on Thursday approved promulgation of a legislation that provides for imprisonment up to seven years for such crimes and prohibiting activities of tourist establishments beyond 'reserved area' in Andaman and Nicobar Islands.The Union Cabinet approved the proposal for promulgation of Andaman and Nicobar Islands (Protection of Aboriginal tribes) Amendment Regulation 2012, prohibiting activities of tourist establishments in 'buffer zone' which would comprise an area of up to 5 km radius around the Jarawa tribal reserve.Information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni told reporters that the decision was taken under Article 240 of the Constitution which empowers the President to take such measures in case of Union Territories.\"This regulation will cover the entire A&N; Islands. Tourist establishments will be prohibited and other commercial establishments will be regulated in the buffer zone, which will protect the aboriginal tribes from undesirable outside influences,\" Soni said.The law incorporates stringent penal provisions to deter unauthorized entries, photography, videography, hunting, use of alcohol, inflammable material or biological germs, or even putting up advertisements to attract tourists in the buffer zone.\"The offenders can be imprisoned from 3 to 7 years and fined up to Rs 10,000,\" Soni said.The minister maintained that an earlier attempt by the government to create this buffer zone had been quashed by the Calcutta High Court. A special leave petition in the matter is pending with the Supreme Court.Soni said the stringent provisions introduced through this promulgation would act as a deterrent to check the menace of unauthorized entry in the \"reserved area\".The existing tourist bungalows in the buffer zone may be relocated to prevent outsiders from visiting the area.The UT administration had issued a notification in 2007 declaring an area of up to 5 km radius around the Jarawa tribal reserve as buffer zone and had prohibited any commercial and tourist activities within it. The Calcutta HC, however, had quashed the notification on grounds that the principal regulation only permits notification for \"reserved area\" and has no provisions for declaring an area as \"buffer zone\".The UT administration later filed a petition in the Supreme Court, which is still to be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "13694685", "title": "Sisters drown in village pond", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A five-year-old and an 11-year-old died after drowning in a pond at Khojardanga on Thursday. The deceased were identified as Rima Khatun (5) and Mimmaton Khatun (11).Sources said the that two sisters were playing on the banks of the village pond after returning from their tutions. Suddenly, Rima slipped and fell into the pond and Mimmaton jumped into the pond to saver her sister.But both of them drowned as they didn't know how to swim.Sarifa Khatun, mother of the deceased, said: \"I was waiting for them with food as they did not eat after returning from tutions. I was keeping an eye on them. Since they disappeared suddenly, I asked my neighbours to search for them. Later, their bodies were recovered from the pond.\" Their father Jahiruddin Sheikh is a jawan of BSF and cops have already informed him about the incident. The bodies have been sent for post mortem.Abdul Rakib, anchal Congress president, Nabagram, said: \"The sisters were very sweet to everyone in the village.\"The elder sister Mimmaton tried to rescue Rima, jumped into the pond, but nobody survived as they could not swim All the villagers are filled with sorrow as both sisters were very popular in the village .'Humayun Kabir, SP, Murshidabad, said: \"Police have started a case of unnatural death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "13698842", "title": "Paes-Peya pair enters French Open second round", "text": "PARIS: The seventh seeded pair of Indian veteran Leander Paes and Austrian Alexander Peya advanced to the French Open second round after notching up a three-set win in their opening men's doubles match at the Roland Garros.Paes and Peya defeated Italians Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini 6-1, 6-7 (2), 6-3 in a contest lasting a little over two hours.They will now be facing the unseeded Russian-Uzbek combination of Mikhail Elgin and Denis Istomin, who got the better of Belarus' Steve Darcis and Olivier Rochus 3-6 6-3, 7-6 (0).Paes and Peya made a resounding start in the match and quite literally ran away with the opening set, taking just 27 minutes to seal it by converting three of the four break points they earned.The seventh seeds were broken once but had the upper hand with a better first serve winning percentage.The Italians fought their way back in the second set, saving a couple of break points to take it to a tie-breaker which they won easily.But Bolelli and Fognini ran out of steam in the decider, failing to convert even one of the three break points they earned.The Indo-Austrian combine, meanwhile, managed to get the crucial break of serve and that proved decisive as the seventh seeds emerged triumphant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695757", "title": "Three brothers among 5 drown in Aligarh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five persons including a brother trio and their cousin were drowned while taking a holy dip on the occasion of Ganga Dusehrra on Thursday. The first incident took place at Rajghat where Niranjan (16), Radhey (16), and Shanti Prasad (17) sons of Kalicharan and their cousin brother Deepak - all residents of Garhai Sarai locality in New Basti area under Sasnigate police station inAligarh were taking a dip in the river. However, they were dragged away into the deep due to the strong water current. Though the victims raised an alarm, but by the time the local boatmen could swim to rescue them, four of them had drowned. Bodies of Niranjan, Shanti Prasad and Deepak were later retrieved from the river bed by the local boatmen. Police divers were also pressed into service by the local authorities. The divers continued their search for Radhey who was untraceable till late in the evening when the rescue work had to be called off due to poor light. Authorities said the rescue operations will resume on Friday morning.In another incident that took place at Kalkatti Ghat situated a couple of kilometres away from where the first incident took place, a teenager Rakesh (15), a resident of Prem Chandra of Nagla Nepal localityin Aligarh was also drowned while taking holy dip in the river on Thursday morning. tnnHis body was later retrieved by the local boatmen and police drivers pressed into service. Separate FIRs have been lodged in connection with the two incidents and the bodies of the deceased were sent for post-mortem examination to confirm the exact cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13695037", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation earmarks Rs 29 cr more for acquisition of defence land", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) decided to allocate Rs 29 crore more for acquisition of defence land, in addition to the Rs 37 crore allocated earlier for 2012-13, to speed up the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) project.The earlier amount was found insufficient to acquire the defence land needed for the BRTS projects. On Tuesday, the civic standing committee approved a short notice resolution tabled by the civic administration to make an additional allocation of Rs 29 crore, Jagdish Shetty, chairman of the standing committee, said at a news conference here.The administration has made a provision of Rs 37 crore in the 2012-13 budget for acquisition of defence land but only Rs 36.99 crore balance remained under this head. Out of this, Rs 5 crore is needed for other land acquisition by the town planning department. So, the administration tabled a short notice resolution to transfer Rs 29 crore from the Rs 100 crore allocated for the Phase I of the water supply scheme.The civic body requires defence land for construction of new roads, widening of existing ones and developing other reservations in the development plan (DP). The defence authorities have given approval for undertaking 15 civic projects but have demanded Rs 158 crore as compensation.The PCMC is developing the Pune-Mumbai highway and the Aundh-Ravet Road as BRTS routes under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme.The civic body has paid Rs 3.75 crore to the defence authorities for widening of the highway stretch from Phugewadi octroi post to Megamart; Rs 17.38 crore for widening of highway from Megamart to the College of Military Engineering gate; Rs 21 crore for widening of the highway in Dapodi and Phugewadi; and Rs 15.07 crore for widening of the Aundh-Ravet Road from Rakshak society to Y junction, said a statement issued by the civic body.Rs 10 lakh to members of SagarmathaThe Pimpri-Chinchwad civic standing committee approved a short notice resolution to give Rs 5 lakh to the family of Ramesh Gulwe, founder of Sagarmatha, who died during the Mount Everest expedition and give another Rs 5 lakh to the four members of Sagarmatha who successfully completed the expedition. The four members are Shrihari Tapkir, Anand Bansode, Sagar Palkar and Balaji Mane.\"The civic body will give the amount to members of Sagarmatha after receiving the state government's approval,\" said committee chairman Jagdish Shetty.Gulwe died on April 28 due to paralysis. The Pune Municipal Corporation had promised Rs 5 lakh as financial assistance to the family of Gulwe after which Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande also announced that the civic body will give financial assistance of Rs 5 lakh to this family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696050", "title": "Car robbed at gunpoint near Medanta, another stolen", "text": "GURGAON: Two cars were stolen in different incidents in the city in the past 24 hours. Police have lodged FIRs and are investigating.According to police, a driver, Ashu, resident of Delhi, lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station alleging that four unknown armed robbers who took him at gunpoint and fled with his Ford Endeavor car.According to the complainant, the incident took place near the Medanta Medicity around 4pm on Thursday. In another incident, a Tata Vista car of a Meerut (UP) resident was stolen by unknown persons near on Wednesday night near Rajiv Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695042", "title": "Congress-Samajwadi Party bonhomie: \"You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours\"", "text": "LUCKNOW: The increasing bonhomie between Congress and Samajwadi Party (SP) was visible again when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav assured Congress leaders that Amethi, which was renamed as Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj (CSM) Nagar by the previous Mayawati government, will get back its original name soon. Amethi is stronghold of Nehru-Gandhi family.\"As per the request made by me in the Vidhan Sabha, chief minister has clarified that the names of the new districts created during Mayawati rule would be changed and known by their original names,\" said senior Congress leader Pramod Tewari. \"Orders in this regard would be issued soon,\" Tewari said while claiming that the present names were against the wishes of the local people and unknown to the state. The old names were in keeping with the sentiments of the people and had historical significance, he said. The Mayawati government had created new districts Amethi, Hapur, Shamli, Hathras and Sambhal and had named them as CSM Nagar, Panchsheel Nagar, Prabudh Nagar, Mahamaya Nagar and Bhimnagar respectively.The bonhomie is in sharp contrast to bitterness between the two parties witnessed during the assembly elections in February earlier this year. In his election campaign, Rahul Gandhi dubbed SP has a party of goondas (goons) and a casteist outfit. In retaliation, SP described Congress as anti-Muslims and the party responsible for UP's backwardness. Congress performed poorly in elections and its relations with Trinamool Congress also deteriorated posing a danger on UPA II. Now, the party is ready to take help of the 'party of goons'.The new found bonhomie was visible in UPA II third anniversary on May 22 when SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was specially invited by the Congress. Yadav had the honour of sharing table with Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi. He also gave indication that his party would support the Congress candidate for the post of President, election for which will be held in next two months.However, it was Mulayam who extended the olive branch, after flexing political muscle following victory in assembly elections. He held talks with Trinmool Congress president and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and Telugu Desham's Chandrababu Naidu, giving an impression that he was was inclined to form a Third Front which would field its own presidential candidate.At the same time Mulayam's son Akhilesh, who is also chief minister of UP, on May 17 directed state administration to expedite 28 development projects in Rae Bareli and Chhattrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar (Amethi) districts pending since long. While Rae Bareli is the Lok Sabha constituency of Sonia Gandhi , Amethi is the constituency of Rahul Gandhi. The projects were stalled by the previous Mayawati government. Akhilesh also agreed to provide land to central government in Rae Bareli for opening an All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) like institute. Now, he has assured to give Amethi its name back.However, SP's initiative to shake hands with Congress is aimed to kill two birds with one stone. On one hand, the SP wants Congress to be away from the BSP and on the other wants funds from the Centre to fulfill promises the party made during elections. The promises include distribution of free laptops and tablets to students and loan waiver to farmers. The SP government has asked for a Rs 97,000 crore as Central assistance, including a special package for Bundelkhand. Akhilesh asked for AIIMS in Bundelkhand, Rohilkhand and Purvanchal so that entire population of UP can be covered. And, most importantly, Mulayam needs Congress to save himself from CBI which is probing alleged disproportionate assets of SP chief and his family.Congress is happy that besides helping in presidential elections, the SP has 20 MPs in Lok Sabha and can bail out Congress-led UPA government if the Trinamool Congress with 19 MPs decides to withdraw support. Hence, Congress leaders in UP are retraining themselves from attacking SP government on various issues, including deterioration of law and order in the state after it came to power. The Congress is considering not to field candidate against Dimple Yadav, Akhilesh's wife, who is contesting by-election for Kannauj Lok Sabha seat. The seat has fallen vacant after Akhilesh resigned to take over as chief minister of UP. The election is on June 24.However, political analysts feel that SP needs to be cautious because in a similar way, after winning UP elections in 2007, Mayawati had also moved close to Congress and helped UPA candidate win presidential elections but she did not get Rs 80,000 crore package she had asked for UP's development. \"Congress wants to revive itself in UP, hence would never give another party an opportunity to take the credit of development,\" said an analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13697075", "title": "Petrol hike spurs e-bike sales", "text": "CHENNAI: Electric bikes are becoming a popular alternative for many in the city after the recent petrol price hike. R Balaji of T-Nagar who bought an electric bike for his son in March is now using it so often that his son has started to complain. Electric two-wheeler manufacturers in the state expect a huge growth in sales.\"I have decided to use an electric bike for short distances to cut down on expenses . Presently, there is a huge shortage of petrol in the city and the recent hike in prices has made using petrol bikes an extremely costly affair. Public modes of transport, including MTC buses and suburban trains, are congested. Electric bikes will not cause any air or sound pollution,\" says Balaji. The state government's decision to reduce value-added tax on electric bikes, which cur rently cost between 20,000 and 70,000, is another big draw. Finance minister O Paneerselvam had announced in the budget that VAT on electric bikes would be reduced from 14.5% to 5%.P Bala, technical advisor for Ampere Vehicles Ltd, a manufacturer of electric vehicles , says enquires are pouring in from all over the country. \"Interest in electric vehicles goes up after every fuel price hike. But this time, there is a huge response,\" he said.Dealers in the city are excited , says Uday Kiran of Hero Electrics. However, an electric bike needs six to eight hours of charging that can help it travel about 60-70 km at 30-50 kmph and frequent power cuts could prove a dampener . \"The idea sounds good but what will we do when there is no power,\" said Sajan, hotelier in Teynampet. There are two types of electric bikes - one that requires a driving licence and the other that doesn't require one. Distributors say there has been a steady rise in sales of electric bikes in the country. In 2011, about 1.2 lakh bikes were sold, 15,000 of them in Chennai. In 2009 and 2010 the national figures were about 80,000 and 90,000. Hero, Yo Bike, BSA, Ampere and Lohia Bike are the leading manufacturers .However, manufacturers in the state want government subsidies. \"Reducing VAT is welcome, but states like Delhi and Gujarat don't charge any tax at all. They also provide 15-20 % subsidies on electric bikes, making them more affordable ,\" says a sales manager for BSA electric bikes.Times ViewGiven the surge in fuel prices and Chennai's excessive dependence on private vehicles for transport, the city is in dire need of policies that encourage the use of electric bikes and other such emission-free methods of travel. The state government has relaxed value added tax on e-bikes in its latest budget, but much more needs to be done to provide incentives to those keen on switching to environment-friendly options. In comparison with other metros, Chennai has a much larger proportion of commuter traffic dependent on cars and motorbikes. Due to significant gaps in the public transport networks running through the city, officegoers and students --- who make up for the bulk of commuter traffic --- are forced to find their own means of transport. As the recent fuel crisis in the city demonstrated, this then leads to a heavy dependence on supply of petrol and diesel. But if government were to cut taxes on e-bikes further and encourage cyclists by setting aside dedicated tracks for their use, it would be a step towards reducing vehicular pollution and reliance on expensive fossil fuels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694961", "title": "CVC asks CBI to look into coalgate amid Anna-PM spat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission has asked the CBI to examine a complaint about alleged losses suffered by the public exchequer in the allocation of coal blocks between 2006 and 2009, in what can potentially be fodder for civil society as well as the opposition seeking to attack the government over Coalgate.Although the complaint of BJP MPs Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir was forwarded by the CVC to the CBI a month ago, the agency's response will coincide with the widening confrontation over the alleged failure to auction coal blocks.Sources said the CBI was expected to take a decision next week after the return of its director A P Singh from Bhutan. \"If we find prima facie wrongdoing in the allocation, a preliminary inquiry will be registered and a formal investigation will begin. At present, it is just a reference and we are analyzing it,\" a senior CBI officer said.In their complaint to the CVC about four months ago, the two BJP MPs drew the investigation agencies' attention to the way the government had gone about allocating coal blocks to private players, especially after an in-principle decision was taken in 2006 to allocate these through auction. \"Instead of resorting to auction or waiting for the new policy to be adopted, the government speeded up the allocations through the old policy,\" Ahir said. \"We have demanded a detailed investigation into the way coal blocks were allocated starting 2006,\" the Lok Sabha MP who is also a member of the parliamentary committee on coal and steel said. Both Ahir and Javadekar welcomed the CVC's move, saying there was an \"urgent\" need to get to the bottom of the entire issue.The opposition has attacked the government over Coalgate since a draft CAG report estimated that its decision not to auction coal blocks fetched private companies Rs 1. 8 lakh crore in \"undue gains\". The issue acquired a new dimension last week when Team Anna, breaking away from its policy not to attack the PM for corruption under the UPA, held Manmohan Singh responsible for the scam. The PM's resultant threat to quit public life if charges were proven and the refusal of civil society to back off from its serious charge appears to have opened another front for a besieged government.Civil society was already girding up, dismissing the CVC's move for a CBI probe as a \"sham\" and repeating its demand for an independent probe by a panel of six retired judges. \"These investigations are meant to give PM a clean chit. Why is the PM scared of investigation?'' Arvind Kejriwal said.Importantly, coal minister Sriparaksh Jaiswal had only on Wednesday dismissed the demand for any probe into the allocation of coal blocks.Ahir said in 2004-05, while it was time to cancel the blocks allocated earlier because the companies could not stick to the production timeline, and if necessary to revoke their bank guarantees, \"the government actually went ahead and allotted more blocks\".The opposition leaders have drawn the attention of the investigators to the fact that the PM was in charge of the coal ministry during a significant part of the allocations. They have also given details of some companies that had been trying to sell coal blocks illegally in the market.The CAG, in its draft report, had said that in October 2004, a meeting with the PM as coal minister decided that applications for mines received after June 28, 2004 would be processed under the new competitive bidding regime. The government chose this as the cut-off date since the intention to introduce competitive bidding for coal blocks was first made public on this date at a ministry meeting with stakeholders, the CAG said. \"However, the ministry of coal continued to follow the screening committee route for subsequent allotments till date with the approval of the Prime Minister's Office,\" the CAG's draft report said.The draft report, first published by TOI on March 22, said the government had extended \"undue gains\" of Rs 10.76 lakh crore by allotting without bidding 155 coal blocks to some 100 private and state-run commercial entities. The final report has pared the value of the undue gains to Rs 1.86 lakh crore by removing state-run entities from the audit report. The final CAG report is yet to be tabled in Parliament. \"There was no legal impediment to the introduction of a transparent and objective process of competitive bidding for allocation of coal blocks for captive mining as per the July 2006 legal opinion of the ministry of law and justice, and this could have been done through an administrative decision. However, the ministry of coal went ahead with the allocation of coal blocks through the screening committee route and advertized in September 2006 for allocation of 38 coal blocks and continued with the process till 2009,\" the CAG said in its draft report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13696062", "title": "RIL got fair hearing in KG report: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India has offered a strong rebuttal of Reliance Industries Limited's criticism that the auditor excluded its responses in the KG basin report, asserting the firm got a fair hearing and that the production contract was correctly interpreted.CAG said Reliance kept submitting addendums after the draft report was finalized on July 29, 2011 but the oil giant's earlier responses were incorporated.Responding to RIL's criticism that CAG lacked domain expertise and was myopic, the auditor argued that a proper reading of the contract terms did not permit loose definition of a discovery area, extension of exploration phases, lack of appraisals and cost inflation.RIL submitted eight objections to the Public Accounts Committee examining the KG basin gas report and CAG has given a point-by-point counter. The auditor's submissions to the PAC gain salience with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday setting up a committee on design of future production sharing contracts in hydrocarbon exploration.In its 'factual note on points raised by RIL', the auditor has addressed the firm's complaint that CAG did not consider Reliance's responses, ignored operational and technical facts, took a \"short-sighted\" view of production sharing and reached wrong conclusions on issues like cost inflation.On RIL's contention that the auditor's rap for a $3 billion cost escalation was misplaced as it did not account for geological data and market conditions, CAG suggested the firm had no intention of implementing its initial development plan. On the other hand, \"activities in respect of items in AIDP were initiated even before submission/approval of the AIDP\", it said.The auditor told PAC - due to consider the report on Friday -- that \"most procurement activities were undertaken late in line with the schedule of IDP of May 2004\". In October 2006, RIL submitted a capex of $5.2 billion for phase I and $3.6 billion for phase II.Apart from a rise in oil prices, \"the operator's delay in initiating procurement activities in 2004 and 2005 contributed, at least partly, to increased costs\", CAG said.After the CAG report, the oil ministry disallowed RIL's $1.24 billion cost recovery on its investment in the KG basin D6 field for not meeting drilling commitments. Reliance has already challenged the government in Supreme Court over an arbiter.With regard to Reliance's gripe that its views were ignored, CAG had a detailed response. After the oil ministry provided a response to the draft report on July 9, 2011, it also forwarded RIL's submissions dated July 7 on July 23. Responses of the ministry and operator were \"duly considered and incorporated, to the extent deemed appropriate, in the audit and final draft\", CAG said.An exit conference was held on July 12, 2011 where the operator made a presentation. Earlier, on June 4, an interactive session was held with the ministry and RIL. However, RIL continued to give rejoinders on August 3, August 11 and September 5. \"Audit could not have waited for incorporating one addendum after another,\" CAG said.By then, the report had already been finalized on July 29. \"As per normal practice, we consider all submission by all concerned till the draft report was finalized... up to July 29 (when the final report was forwarded to the CAG for approval).\"The auditor pointed out that issues raised by RIL were examined through scrutiny of ministry records and not those of RIL. \"(Oil ministry) being our primary auditee and our access to records of operators was supplemental to our scrutiny of ministry and director general of hydrocarbons records, it was imperative that replies of RIL... were reviewed and endorsed by the ministry,\" CAG said.It was up to the ministry to communicate or not to do so any representations from Reliance and it was for the oil ministry to explain its reasons, the auditor said.On RIL challenging the interpretation of \"discovery area\" in its tussle over retention of areas where it did not carry out exploratory work, the auditor said the production sharing contract clearly said drilling and discovery of deposits were the basic parameters.\"Delineation of discovery area is inextricably linked to results obtained from wells drilled and finding of petroleum deposits recoverable at the surface,\" the auditor told the PAC. But RIL had drilled only in the north-west area and stipulation that deposits have to be discovered was \"incorrectly confused prospectivity/ probability and likelihood of petroleum.\"\"In fact, the contractor also expressed its difficulties in, and efforts made to hire ultra-deep water rigs... acknowledging the need for exploratory drilling in other parts, but at the same time, held on to its opinion of the entire contract being a discovery area,\" the auditor said.RIL has said that as it had made a major discovery in an area rejected by international majors and had hit on a successful geographical model, \"it made technical sense to allow him (contractor) to establish the model and appraise the area\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693659", "title": "Rajesh Joliya elected to VNSGU senate", "text": "SURAT: Rajesh Joliya was elected on Wednesday to Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's senate on the one seat reserved for Surat Municipal Corporation's councillor. BJP's Joliya defeated Nitin Bharucha of Congress in the election.Joliya got 82 votes to Bharucha's 16 and will be a senate member for five years. BJP councillors have in the past few years been elected uncontested to this seat. But this year election has been held.Out of 98 BJP councillors, 86 voted in the election held at SMC headquarters. The 14 Congress councillors and one NCP councillor also exercised their franchise. BJP's 12 councillors and an independent councillor Prakash Desai did not vote.Out of total 101 votes, three were cancelled. For city BJP leaders, the fact that Congress candidate had got 16 votes is a cause for concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13695184", "title": "Coal belt feels hartal heat with deserted highways", "text": "DHANBAD: The nationwide bandh on Thursday was almost successful in the coal belt. Its impact was visible everywhere - both on the railways and the roads.The ever busy Grand Trunk Road (NH-2) was deserted like smaller roads of the coal belt. Though there was no violence, still the BJP's Giridih unit president Dinesh Sharma and MP's representative, Dilip Upadhya, were injured when the BJP workers and local shop keepers clashed at Padam Chauk in the main market area of Giridih.Ravindra Pandey, the BJP MP from Giridih, led the pro-bandh supporters at Giridih station and stopped movement of the Giridih-Madhupur passenger train. Several trains were also stopped at Parasnath station as bandh activists sat on a dharna on the railway tracks. There was no movement of vehicles on the G T Road in Giridih district. All petrol pumps downed their shutters on the NH-2 between Giridih and Dhanbad.In Dhanbad, coal production and loading were affected as the bandh got support from the workers' unions. There was no movement of coal either by rail or by road.P N Singh, the MP from Dhanbad, led supporters of BJHP, Janata Dal(U) and JMM from Randhir Verma Chowk to railway station, Bank More and the Steel Gate of the Coal India Limited asking shopkeepers to down their shutters.Several long-distance trains, including the Howrah-Jammu Tawi Express, Howrah Rajdhani, Sealdah Rajdhani, Howrah-Firozpur Express, Swaranrekha Express, Dhanbad-Sindri Passenger, Dhanbad-Patna Intercity Express were stopped at different stations, including Paharigoda, Nagar Untari and Dhanbad following agitation by the pro-bandh workers on the tracks.Bus services from Bartand and Dhanbad railway station remained suspended as the owners cancelled the movement of vehicles as precautionary measure. The jeeps and autorickshaws plying between Dhanbad-Giridh and Dhanbad-Sindri too were off the roads. Three-wheelers used by the passengers between Govindpur-Jharia and Nirsa were not seen on the roads. Private vehicles were absent too.The CPI(ML) and other Left parties also joined the bandh but independently. Their leaders also took out rallies in different parts of the coal belt, particularly in the coal mines areas. They also got near-total support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695440", "title": "Congress takes Abhishek Singhvi off its list of TV panelists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday issued a fresh list of spokespersons who can participate in television debates, dropping Abhishek Singhvi after he appeared in a television debate despite being informally nudged to keep away.Singhvi was 'dropped' as spokesman after the CD controversy last month but was seen on a prime time debate defending the Congress against Team Anna.The 18 spokespersons for TV are besides the trio of Manish Tewari, Rashid Alvi and Renuka Chowdhury who address routine AICC briefings.With no apparent reason for announcement of a fresh list, insiders felt it was the leadership's way of conveying to the articulate lawyer to keep away from briefing the media on behalf of the party.Singhvi landed in a row after a controversial CD went viral on the internet and social media. Its dissemination was stayed by a high court injunction but forced the Rajya Sabha MP to withdraw from key positions. He resigned as chairman of Parliament's standing committee on law and justice, saying the action was prompted by the desire to preempt any disruption of Parliament during the budget session.While he did not resign from AICC posts, Congress took him off routine briefings amid indications that he had been informally told to stop functioning as party spokesman. His return on TV was thus not taken lightly by the leadership.Along with dropping him from the list of TV panelists, Congress has also put a new name plate in its media cell bearing only the names of Tewari, Alvi and Renuka Chowdhury as spokespersons. Also, Singhvi's name does not figure anymore on the plate of AICC legal and human rights cell of which he was the chairman.The CD row moved out of the headlines when Singhvi's former driver confessed to doctoring the disc to defame the MP and the latter withdrew the police case filed against the errant driver. But the lawyer preferred to keep away from media glare, even taking leave from Rajya Sabha during the recently-concluded budget session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13694804", "title": "Port handles record quantity of container cargo", "text": "MANGALORE: The New Mangalore Port handled a record quantity of 1,710 TEUs (twenty-foot equivalent units) in container vessel MV Tiger Mango which called at the port on May 28. This is the highest number of containers ever handled at the port from a single voyage surpassing earlier record of 1,512 TEUs handled on September 9, 2011 from the vessel MV Tampabay.Out of the total 1,710 TEUs, 995 were imports and 715 were exports. Major importee items were raw cashew. The exported items consists of coffee, cashew kernels, fish and fish products, and candles. M/s Bengal Tiger Lines are the feeder line operators and M/s Delta Infralogistcs Pvt Ltd are the agents of the vessel.Chairman P Tamilvanan stated that the port was witnessing a steady growth in container traffic thanks to pro-active marketing efforts made by the port management coupled with infrastructure addition created during the past few years.This has yielded positive results in fostering the container movement to the port from the hinterland which is evident from the fact that from 9,646 TEUs handled in 2005-06, it has grown to 45,009 TEUs in 2011-12. In 2012-13 as on date, the port has handled 7818 TEUs as against 7,281 TEUs handled during the corresponding period of previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13696399", "title": "Woman injured in jumbo attack", "text": "JORHAT: A wild elephant injured a woman and damaged three houses in a village in the Numaligarh area of Golaghat district early on Thursday. Forest staff rushed to the spot and chased the jumbo away.The incident occurred at 1.30 am on Thursday at Tamulipathar and Bongaon area under Numaligarh forest beat. Forest beat officer (Numaligarh) Prabhat Saikia said, \"Soneswari Bora of Tamulipathar village sustained serious injuries when the elephant attacked her. The animal also damaged her house.\"He added the elephant went to the nearby Bongaon area and damaged two houses. However, no one was injured in the second attack, he said.Saikia said on receiving the information, a group of forest staff, comprising 11 guards, rushed to the spot and opened fire in air and chased away the animal. He added the elephant, which got separated from a herd of wild elephants, was coming from the nearby Deupahar hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696144", "title": "Shankar Mahadev Bidari retires, but still wants 15 days' leave", "text": "BANGALORE: Shankar Mahadev Bidari seems to have forgotten he was retiring on Thursday as DGP-chairman of the Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation (KSHPC). Why else would he apply for 15 days' leave? The state government promptly rejected this unprecedented request from a retiring IPS officer.A decorated police officer who was police commissioner of Bangalore and DG&IG; till the Karnataka High Court upheld the quashing of his appointment as state police chief, Bidari apparently thought his tenure in the force was not near as he had moved the Supreme Court on the issue.Bidari was conspicuous by his absence at Thursday's ceremony at the state police headquarters where outgoing DG&IG; of police AR Infant handed over the baton to his successor, Lalrokhuma Pachau.He didn't attend his office at KSHPC either. In fact, he hasn't been attending the KSHPC office since he was appointed to the post, sources there told TOI. Bidari was not available for comment as he did not respond to calls.The case so far* Bidari appointed DG&IGP; last year, prompting Infant to move Central Administrative Tribunal that his seniority had been overlooked* CAT quashed Bidari's appointment. On Bidari's appeal, high court upheld CAT order. Following HC order, Bidari was shunted to KSPHC* Infant's contention was that Bidari\"s name could not have been considered for empanelment as state had withheld crucial NHRC findings against him from UPSC* Bidari approached Supreme Court, which asked HC to reconsider the matter afresh and adjudicate the matter before May 31 (when Infant and Bidari were due to retire)* On Monday last, HC dismissed Bidari's appeal* Two days later, Bidari moved SC challenging HC order", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13697097", "title": "Bharat bandh: 10000 court arrest in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The daylong Bharat bandh call given by the NDA to protest against the recent hike in petrol prices and general increase in food prices was complete in the state as shops generally remained closed across Bihar, vehicles, both light and heavy, remained off the roads and rail services were disrupted.Even CM Nitish Kumar , who reached Bhagalpur on Wednesday on his threeday 'Seva Yatra', cancelled all his programmes on Thursday in deference to the appeal made by the state JD (U), said the party's state president and Rajya Sabha member Vashishth Narain Singh. \"The CM will resume his public programme from Friday,\" he said.According to separate estimates of the two NDA constituents, the BJP and JD (U), around 10,000 people courted arrest in the state, while around 1,000 BJP and JD (U) workers courted arrest in Patna alone.Those who courted arrest or were detained by the police included state BJP chief and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur and JD (U) state chief Singh in Patna, JD (U) national chief Sharad Yadav and the party's Khagaria MP Dinesh Chandra Yadav at Madhepura, BJP MP and its national spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain at Bhagalpur, JD (U) MP from Vaishali Ram Sundar Das at Hajipur and JD (U) MP from Nalanda Kaushalendra Kumar at Biharsharif. Several MLAs and other legislators also courted arrest. BJP state general secretary and MLC Mangal Pandey said the police later released the detainees in Patna.Although the bandh call had been given by the NDA, Left parties, including the CPI (ML), CPI, CPM and Socialist Unity Centre of India (SUCI), also registered their separate participation in the bandh at several places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13694966", "title": "NDA-Left strike falls flat in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The nationwide strike organised by the BJP and the Left parties to oppose the petroleum price hike failed to make an impact on life in Trichy and neighbouring districts here on Thursday. However, the police arrested as many as 1,000 protesters for disrupting normalcy in Trichy.Except for road-blockades by political parties such as the CPM, CPI and the BJP, usual activities were not affected in and around Trichy district.Commercial establishments and restaurants remained open. Private buses and autorickshaws also operated as usual. However, autorickshaw associations affiliated to the communist parties suspended their services in Chatram bus stand, Trichy.Both communist parties jointly staged a road-blockade near Central bus stand in the morning and police arrested as many as 200 persons including 42 women. Likewise, cadres of the BJP in Trichy attempted to block the road in TVS tollgate. As a result, the police arrested 32 persons. In Thiruverumbur, a farmers' association also joined the protest and blocked the road. The police arrested 120 men including 10 women.In Thiruthuraipoondi, Thiruvarur district, around 30 members of the CPI led by MLA K Ulaganathan organised a train blockade, and more than 60 members of the CPM staged a train blockade in Thiruvarur. The police arrested all of them. Protests and arrests took place in Karur, Perambalur and Nagapattinam districts as well. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699582", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s \u201cGabbar Singh\u201d juggernaut continues...", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's \" Gabbar Singh\" is on the anvil of becoming the 2nd highest grosser in 81 years of Telugu film industry, according to the latest reports. Ever since the movie released, \"Gabbar Singh\" has managed to create new records at the ticket window and is still ruling the roost at the marquee.The buzz is that \"Gabbar Singh\" has shattered the box office collections records and has created history by raking around Rs 58 crores in its third week. It was also reported that Salman Khan was keen on taking some scenes from \"Gabbar Singh\" and incorporating them in his sequel. The film is still running to packed houses and producer Ganesh Bandla Ganesh is now planning to hold the platinum disk function of the film shortly in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13696207", "title": "Army chief General Bikram Singh's ancestral village is ecstatic", "text": "AMRITSAR: There is excitement and euphoria among residents, especially youth, of Kaler Ghuman, the ancestral village of General Bikram Singh, who assumed charge as India's 25th Army chief on Thursday.Though parents of the general had sold off their property in the village, but his journey to the elite position has instilled pride and motivation to the youth there to join Army.\"I have attended a couple of Army recruitment rallies, but have not been successful so far. But I haven't lost heart and will try again to be a successful soldier like General Bikram Singh,\" 18-year-old Ranbir Singh told TOI on Thursday. Bikram Singh's success has instilled a new spirit among the youth of the village, he added.\"We have been talking about him ever since we got to know that he will be the chief of Indian Army. It is highly motivational for all of us,\" he said.Sarpanch of village, Manjit Kaur, is all set to visit Delhi to meet the general. \"I will hold a panchayat meeting following which a delegation will go to Delhi to meet General Bikram Singh to convey our feelings and talk to him about the aspirations of village youth,\" said Kaur.She said the panchayat would also extend an invitation to the general to visit the village and interact with local youth. She informed that Bikram Singh's father had an ancestral home in the village which they had sold to Naseeb Singh.\"I will tell him about his forefathers and wouldn't mind staying in a gurdwara for a couple of days if I didn't get appointment to meet him,\" she said.Said Kulwant Singh, 45, \"It is a matter of pride that a person who has his roots to our village is now India's Army chief\". He said the general's appointment will inspire other youth to tow his line and bring laurels to the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13695743", "title": "Europe recession to hit Goa mining?", "text": "PANAJI: The state's mining industry may already be going through rough weather, but the situation could worsen. Exports are likely to fall as demand for steel in China has dropped following the recession in Europe.Cut to the figures: Goa exports nearly 85% of its iron ore to China, as well as accounting for 50% of India's iron ore exports. India contributes 8% of the world's total iron ore export, of which Goa handles half. Australia and Brazil account for a majority of the world's iron ore exports-around 75% of the total exports.\"The financial situation in China is very bad because of the financial crisis in Europe. This has led to a lesser demand for steel production, which may result in decreased import of iron ore,\" Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association (GMOEA) executive director S Sridhar told TOI.He said that when the demand for steel decreases, the demand for iron ore exports also comes down.\"The iron ore price in the international market is volatile and it has already fallen by around 15% to 20% in the last one month,\" GMOEA secretary Glen Kalavampara said.The association is also not sure about the quantity by which exports will decrease due to the China crisis. \"We have some long-term contracts, but China buys ore on the spot, depending on demands,\" Kalavampara said.GMOEA feels it would be very difficult to maintain the output as compared to ore exports in 2011-2012. Goa has already seen a 20% drop in iron ore exports this year as compared to exports in 2010-2011.\"The main reason for the decrease in exports is the government's decision to stop dump handling (export of dumped ore) and control of mining traders, besides fluctuations in the international market,\" Sridhar said.The Goa iron ore industry is also facing competition from new iron ore producing countries. Kalavampara said, \"Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Chile and Mexico have started extraction of natural resources due to demand in international market which has resulted in increased competition in the market.\"Besides China, Goa exports iron ore to Japan, South Korea, Europe and the Middle-East. Most of Goa's ore is exported to China, because traditionally China used low grade ore, but recently, the situation is changing there, as China has made the move to medium and high-grade steel manufacturing plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694926", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation seals Rs 115 crore mega land deal", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Municipal Corporation has sold a 2-acre plot on EM Bypass for Rs 115 crore, making it the biggest land deal in the city so far. At Rs 96-lakh-a-cottah, this buy is 35% higher than the last big land sale in 2009.S S Bageria of AHW Steels, a former president of MCC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, won the bid for the prized plot beside ITC Sonar. Real estate biggies like Rahul Saraf and the Arya Group were among those who lost out. The mega deal indicates that the Kolkata realty mart is picking up, Bageria told TOI. \"This is the highest price KMC has ever got for land, going by per-acre valuation. We were ready to quote a good price because it is KMC land with no incumbency and with all the approvals. We can start work in two months,\" he said, adding that the group plans to set up a luxury residential complex at an investment of Rs 400 crore.The last big land deal was in 2009 when a 3.35-acre plot on EM Bypass sold for Rs 135 crore, which works out to Rs 70 lakh a cottah. The Apeejay Group outbid 19 competitors to win the plot meant to set up a five-star hotel. It was a Rs 58 lakh-per-cottah deal in 2005 that set the realty ball rolling in Kolkata. In 2008, KMC had got Rs 156 crore for a 5-acre plot. DLF bought this land for Rs 55 lakh per cottah. The latest deal is a jump of over 60% over seven years.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee confirmed the development. \"We are happy that KMC has struck the biggest land deal, going by per-acre valuation. There is no condition attached with this sale. This fund will be utilised to develop infrastructure in the city,\" he said. This is the first land deal of the current Trinamool-Congress civic board. \"It's a double bonanza for KMC. After mopping up Rs 360 crore from proper tax waiver, it has got Rs 115 crore from this land deal,\" a KMC official said.Rahul Saraf, who lost the bid to Bageria, said it is the biggest by valuation. Rishi Jain, director of realty firm Jain Group, feels that the deal has shown that realty prices in Kolkata are closing the gap with other metros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13696420", "title": "Villagers urged to shun divisive forces", "text": "BHANDARA: Divisive forces should not be given a place in society as they spread violence and destabilize the democratic set-up, said Aarati Singh, superintendent of police. Singh was addressing villagers at Palasgaon (Sonaka) as part of mass awakening programme organized jointly by Bhandara district police and KOBRA battalion 2006 on Wednesday.Aarati Singh was the chief guest while district collector Pradeep Kalbhor presided. Chief executive officer of the zilla parishad Arun Dubey, additional SP Vasant Jadhav and commandant Prem Singh were present at the programme organized to awaken villagers about the Naxals creating menace in the neighbouring Gondia and Gadchiroli districts.Aarati Singh said that the police are always prepared to protect the peace-loving villagers and respond to their call for help. The central and state governments are providing funds for implementing various schemes for the development of villages. However, Naxals are the enemy of democracy and terrorizing villagers. They are spreading rumours in a bid to bring the common people to their fold and sabotage the tenets of democracy. People should not pay heed to their destructive ways, Singh said.Villagers were given cycles, sewing machines and mercury lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695162", "title": "BJP, Left criticize govt for wrong economic policies", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP and Left attacked the government over the issue of falling GDP saying this was the result of the government's wrong economic policies. Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said the government had actually run out of ideas.\"It's high time they took some concrete steps. The government needs to build up consensus on policies within the party, alliance and the opposition and come up with a proper plan,\" Jaitley said when asked about the policy paralysis that has hit the government and GDP growth going down.CPM leader Sitaram Yechury was equally scathing in his criticism, saying it was only expected because of wrong economic policies. \"The main reason is that people do not have a buying capacity and this is because of wrong economic policies,\" he said.\"Sometimes, one has a doubt whether it is the same Manmohan Singh who is credited with the reforms? When he was finance minister in the Narasimha Rao government, it was Rao who took the bold decisions. Singh has failed miserably to improve the economy as prime minister,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.He said that while corruption and inflation had gone up during UPA rule, value of the rupee had come down. \"The growth in Indian economy has been so slow. In the last quarter, the GDP growth was just 5.3% though the government had promised that it will be 7%... This is a horrible situation. It is a slowdown government and there is complete policy paralysis,\" Javadekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696397", "title": "Power theft via ultra-modern device detected", "text": "NAGPUR: As power distribution companies intensify their drive against power theft, pilferers are adopting the latest technology to outsmart them. Spanco vigilance officials detected power theft at a hotel on Central Avenue on Thursday. The device used to tamper with the meter shocked officials, as it was highly sophisticated and even veterans said they had never come across anything like this.The power pilferage was found at Shivraj Hotel, which had two meters in the name of Jagdish Gupta. The total theft assessment was Rs 7.87 lakh. Spanco officials suspected power theft because power consumption at the hotel had reduced suddenly two years ago.The most shocking aspect of the device is that it does not leave any evidence of theft. Several cases of power theft using remote controlled devices have come to light of late, but to use the remote you have to install a sensor in the electricity meter by tampering with it. The earlier electrostatic meters could be manipulated even with a magnet, but electronic meters are immune to them.The device found on Thursday generated an electrostatic discharge. It was the size of a compass box used by school students. The user could keep it anywhere and only when he wanted to tamper with the meter does he have to fit a wire loop and place the device and the loop near the meter.The device has an electronic circuit and a coil, which get activated on pressing a small button. The device produces high voltage and high frequency discharge, which creates a small spark in the meter. The meter gets 'hanged' and does not record electricity consumption. When the user wants the meter to function normally, he reactivates it using the same method.The meters installed at Shivraj Hotel were quite new. Spanco officials were very disturbed that such hi-tech meters are being tampered. On detection of the theft, the top bosses asked the meter manufacturers to make future meters immune to electrostatic discharge.A vigilance official told TOI that the device was sold to Gupta by some person with in-depth knowledge of electrical engineering and the company was trying to find out whether more such devices had been sold in Spanco area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696165", "title": "Judge to hear SIMI evidence", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice VK Shali of Delhi High Court will hold a sitting in Bangalore for three days from June 2 to take detailed evidence on the banned outfit Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).The state government said SIMI has been declared as an unlawful association under section 3(1) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) of 1967. At the sitting, the judge will accept affidavits from government officials and other interested parties. The exercise is also seen as a process to speed up trials against the accused detained under UAPA, the government said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13694698", "title": "Water woes helpline gets 80 plaints on first day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 80 complaints of low water pressure were received from across the city on the first day of the helpline service launched by municipal corporation. The complaint centre for water woes was flooded with complaints of perennial problem on first and second floors. MC had set up this complaint centre for residents so that they could identify areas where the supply is a recurring problem.The helpline which opened at 6am started receiving calls from early morning. After receiving complaints, they were forwarded to the concerned JE of the area so that they can physically go there and check the problem.Interestingly, the water and sewerage disposal committee of MC had also started a drive two weeks back under which officials were visiting houses early in the morning to know the first hand position of the problem.During the visit, water pressure of houses were checked which complaining of the problem but the drive didn't last long. Superintending engineer of the public health department R C Diwan, said, \"It's good that people are coming forward to register their complaints. With these we can easily locate grey areas and approach these complainants in order to sort the issue.\" J C Malhotra, a resident of Sector 15, said, \"For couple of weeks now, not even a single drop of water came on the second floor. We complained repeatedly to MC but nothing was done in this regard.\"Veena Chaudhary, a resident of Sector 18, said, \"Scarcity of fresh water is an everyday story. I registered the complaint on the helpline and hope that the problem id sorted as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13700446", "title": "Alcatel Lucent to create CEN-based IP network for Airtel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel has selected Alcatel Lucent to create Internet protocol (IP) access network, which will enable it to deliver faster mobile broadband services to its subscribers.This IP network will allow Bharti Airtel to meet the surging bandwidth requirements of customers while accessing data, video and internet services on an array of devices, such as smart-phones, tablets and laptops, Bharti Airtel said in a statement.\"Given the exponential growth in the uptake of data in India, we thought it is the right time for us to transition to a scalable IP-based access network for reasons of both cost and performance,\" Bharti Airtel Director (Network Services Group) Jagbir Singh said.The company added that CEN-based IP access network will help the operator to offer its customers various services such as video streaming, high speed data, social network-based applications, online gaming, video conferencing and online collaboration.This network would also be catering to the DSL broadband as well as 2G/3G/4G voice and data traffic.\"It is a whole new world and Bharti Airtel is ready for its challenges and we are delighted to partner with Bharti Airtel in this journey,\" Alcatel-Lucent India President and Managing Director Munish Seth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695587", "title": "Bandikui mishap: Police claim no mining was done", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after three people, including two women, were killed and three others were injured when a portion of sand mine collapsed at Pamadi village near Bandikui in Dausa district, the police have started an investigation to ascertain the main causes of the accident.However, police ruled out that mining was taking place at the spot. But the circumstances and negligence that took the toll of 3 people would be investigated, police said.\"We have lodged a case under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of IPC and will find out what led to the accident. But the sand was digged out from a land belong to private person. It can't be termed as illegal mining since it was not a government land,\" said inspector general of police, Jaipur Range, Saurabh Srivastav.On Wednesday evening, when six labourers, including two women, were digging out sand used in the construction of houses, a portion of the sand mine collapsed and six labourers came under it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13694812", "title": "Tiger found dead in Bandipur", "text": "MYSORE: A tiger was found dead in Mulehole forest area of Bandipur tiger sanctuary In Chamarajnagar district. It was found about 1. 5 km from the forest guest house on the Mysore -Ooty Road. This is the second tiger death reported from Bandipur tiger sanctuary in May and the fourth in a row from Project Tiger areas of Nagarahole and Bandipur tiger sanctuaries in the last couple of months .The last tiger death was reported on May 4 in Bandipur sanctuary itself. While three were said to be natural deaths, one was poached by local hunters who were out to hunt wild boars, but chanced upon a tiger.According to an official source, the aging tiger might have died last week. Its body was highly decomposed. As the paws, nails and teeth were intact, forest officials suspect the big cat may have been killed while fighting with another tiger. Forest officials including Project Tiger director B J Hosmath who rushed to the spot conducted the postmortem of the tiger to ascertain the cause of death.\"We conducted the postmortem in the presence of wildlife activists Sanjay Gubbi and Nagaraj Bhat to rule out speculations,\" Hosmath told The Times Of India ruling out poaching. Hosmath was upset at media claims that the tiger was killed using a jaw trap.\"Death of this 7 to 8 year-old-tiger is without doubt due to a natural causes,\" he pointed out adding that it might have died due to septicemia and starvation . Hosmath said a lacerated hole was found on the head of the tiger and this might have led to septicemia ( blood -poisoning). He said there was not a drop of blood in the tiger's stomach and intestine which shows that the tiger was probably incapacitated due to the wound leading to its starvation. Veterinarian Dr Nagaraj who conducted the postmortem said: \" When tigers sustain injuries and are wounded they will not hunt and starve.\"20% of tigers die natural deaths In a year 20 to 25% of tigers die naturally . Tiger conservationist Sanjay Gubbi said natural deaths among tigers is a sign of a \"healthy population\" which indicates that the old are being replaced by the young ones . \"Territorial fighting among tigers is a common phenomenon and the young fight with the old tigers to establish themselves,\" he said , adding that 15 to 20 tigers of Bandipur and Nagarahole tiger sanctuaries die naturally in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13694989", "title": "Bandh evokes poor response, minor clashes reported", "text": "MADURAI: The bandh evoked a poor response in the southern districts on Thursday, but for the coastal district of Kanyakumari.As many as 12 government buses were damaged in stone pelting incidents at Marthandam and Kaliyakkavilai areas of Kanyakumari district that has a sizeable Left party as well as BJP cadres. Tension gripped the district as news of the bus attacks spread. Though shops remained open in the morning and traffic was normal, the shops downed shutters and government buses stopped plying in the evening after the stone pelting incidents. Police said that motorcycle bound youth pelted stones on the buses and fled the spot. \"The front and rear windshields of 12 buses were damaged due to stone pelting. We are yet to identify or arrest the miscreants. But 790 persons were arrested for staging protests and were let off in the evening,'' police said.Public were left stranded on the roads as bus services were abruptly suspended in the evening. As it was an auspicious day, there were various events held across the district and many people suffered an undue delay in returning home.In Madurai it was business as usual as almost all trade outlets and commercial establishments continued to function. However there were over two dozen protests staged across the district by BJP and Left party cadres as well as various organizations across the district condemning the petrol price rise. More than 1,000 people were arrested in the district including CPM MLA Annadurai.Dindigul MLA Balabarathi attempted to stage a rail blockade and was arrested. Balabarathi along with her party cadres walked to the railway track at Dindigul and attempted to block trains, but she was swiftly removed by security personnel and arrested. In Virudhunagar, police resorted to lathi charge on a group of Democratic Youth Federation of India and Student Federation of India members who attempted a rail blockade. The youth charged that the Centre was pursuing an anti-people policy and burdening the public. Raising slogans against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , they demanded an immediate roll back of the fuel price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699978", "title": "Sean Connery snubs phone hacking allegations", "text": "Sir Sean Connery has refused to follow up allegations that he was targeted by a phone hacker because \"he doesn't want anything to do with\" the newspaper scandal.The acting legend's name is said to have appeared in the records of Glenn Mulcaire , a private investigator who worked for Rupert Murdoch's now-defunct tabloid News of the World , and the star was allegedly told his voicemail messages had been illegally accessed.However, Connery's spokesman has said that the 81-year-old actor refused to get involved and didn't return the call from cops.\"An attempt to contact Sir Sean was made by an individual connected with the investigation into phone hacking. No specifics were supplied and Sir Sean didn't not return the call as he truly didn't wish to be involved. He is enjoying his retirement,\" the Daily Express quoted the actor's representative as telling Britain's Daily Telegraph.Connery's close friend and biographer Murray Grigor tells The Guardian, \"Apparently there were 10 instances. The police were quite excited about it but he doesn't want to know. He doesn't want anything to do with it. He's just having a good time and he just shrugged it off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696600", "title": "Nagpur University's turn, not to withdraw FIR", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University blunders on. A day after its Board of Examinations decided to withdraw the FIR filed in paper leak case, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal changed his mind. He has convened another emergent meeting of the Board on Friday to decide the future course of action. This happened reportedly after getting flak from chancellor's office that asked Sapkal to reconsider the decision and take legal opinion, sources disclosed. The legal opinion was reportedly against NU decision to withdraw the FIR and sweep the matter under the carpet.Though Sapkal did not respond to repeated calls, his secretary Pradip Biniwale told TOI to contact registrar Mahesh Yenkie saying VC was busy. Yenkie too refused to pick up calls and NU's PRO office is anyway not working since last few days as in-charge Prashant Mohite is on leave. This clearly depicts NU administration desire to remain incommunicado. BoE members too were shocked over the decision and blamed the NU administration for taking \"faulty\" decisions. \"Now another emergent meeting will be held tomorrow on same subject. We had already told them that FIR can't be withdrawn, but the VC refused to listen. Some members also supported him in this wrong decision,\" a member told TOI.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane confirmed BoE's Friday meeting but refused to divulge details stating it was \"confidential\". In the day of hectic developments, chancellor's secretary Vikas Rastogi called on Sapkal after chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar briefed him on NU's decision to withdraw the FIR. Rastogi is believed to have pulled up the VC but refused to divulge any details to TOI. \"I just talked to him on the development in this case. I would be able to comment only after briefing chancellor K Sankaranarayanan,\" he told TOI from Mumbai.The BoE members who had opposed NU's move to withdraw FIR as arbitrary said that administration was trying to save the culprits in the leak case. The alleged that the paper was probably leaked from colleges belonging to influential members and therefore they were trying to suppress the matter by deciding to withdraw the police complaint. The members also accused Sapkal of trying to hush up the matter ahead of his visit to Germany from June 4. They also wondered how VC could go away for a long time when NU was facing a crisis.Probe panel slams Nagpur University brassSanjay Khadakkar who headed the probe panel that had confirmed the paper leak first exposed by TOI on April 22 slammed NU administration for making a \"mockery\" of the situation. \"It was surprising that they decided to withdraw the FIR when nothing concrete has emerged till date. When our report clearly established the leak, how can they say that leak was not confirmed,\" he askedHe added that ideally the NU should have conducted re-examination as just 3,000 students had appeared in that leaked paper instead of being in denial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694519", "title": "Smoking a major risk factor in heart disease", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gerard Bodwekar had got a heart attack when he was only 36. The main cause for cardiac arrest was smoking. Gerard had started smoking when he was in class X. Today, he carries four stents in his heart as most of his arteries were blocked.\"I started smoking when I was in class X. What started with one cigarette amongst five friends soon graduated to five cigarettes daily. By the time I started my business, I was smoking 12 cigarettes daily. It had become an addiction. If I was waiting for somebody, I needed a cigarette in my hand,\" says Gerard.On World No Tobacco Day, Gerard says that he left smoking in 2009 after he got a heart attack. \"I always though that smoking caused cancer. I never associated smoking with heart disease,\" says Gerard who confesses that he left smoking after suffering a shocker of a heart attack.\"It was not easy but the heart attack taught me a couple of lessons in discipline. I can now jog for an hour without losing a breath,\" says Gerard. He says that it is easy to give in to peer pressure and take to smoking but one has to battle the side-effects alone.Chief of cardiology at Apollo Hospital, Dr Sameer Dani, said that smoking is one of the key risk factors in heart disease. \"A study we had conducted revealed that smoking was the prime cause in 40% of men under 45 years of age who suffered a heart attack.\"Cardiologist at Life Care Hospital, Dr Jay Shah, said that nicotine weakens the arteries of the heart causing inflammation which leads to rupturing of the plaque inside the vessels. \"Smoking is a major risk factor in heart disease and even one cigarette is dangerous to a person who is pre-disposed to heart disease,\" said Dr Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696785", "title": "Power shutdown on Saturday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday between 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Anna Salai: Bootha Perumal koil St, Perumal Mudali St, EB link Rd, Kalyani contraction, Cosmopolitan club, Devi Theater complex, Gee Gee complex, Kasthuri Buildings, Santhi Theater complex, Srilekha RMG complex, Dinrose Estate complex, 69 Anna salai, Part of Anna salai, SVS club Building and others, Central bank of India , 804, Anna Salai complex, AVA Towerss Building complex, State Bank of India, Jammu and Kashmir Bank, 787, Anna Salai Royala Towers Building Complex, State Bank of India (IFL Branch), Thakurkas Chatram Building, Velders St, State Bank St, Byranjan Bahedur 1, 11 lanes, Arumugam St, GP Rd, Addition (RMG) company, Pachayappa Trush Building, LIC Building complex, Rajyok contraction, Prince Kushal Towers complex, GP Rd, Gowtham Towers, Wellington Plaza complex, Boo Begum St, Border Thorram, LGN Rd, Begum sahib St, GP lane, Gopal dass Rd, V.N.doss St, Mohandoss Rd, Subarayan St, Subedhral 1st St, Syed Abdullah St, Samy Achari St, Nainiyaapan St, Bangaru Naicken St, Kupppu Muthu St, Wallers Rd, Dams Rd, Karim Mohideen St 1 to 5th St, Tarapore Towers, Dhun Building, Saradas Silks and Emporium, Head PO at Anna salai, (opposite Sdhanthi Theater), Anna Rd HPO office, Blackers Rd, Bata Show room, Dams Rd Telephone Exchange.Sowcarpet West: Ramanujam St, Vinayaga Muthali St, Thambinayakan St, Muniyappa St, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu St, Mannady, Wall Tax Rd, Wood Warf St, Amman Koil St, Telegraph Abbai St, North Wall Rd, Annapillai St, Palliappan St, Mullaha Sahib St, Perumal Mudhali St, Narayana Mudhali St, St.Muthaiah St, Goodown St, Govindhappa St, Mint St, Thulasingam St, Periya Naicken St, Chinna Naicken St, NSC Bose Rd, General Muthaiah St, TV Basin St, PKG, Thandavarayan St, Arunachalam St, Thirupalli St, KN Agraharam, Layor Chinna Thambi St, K.N.Tank Rd, Petha Naicken St, Iron Manga St, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Wall tax Rd, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa St, Murukappa St, NSC Bose Rd, Ela Kanthappa St, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan St, Vengatrayan St, Ramanan Rd, Audhiyappa St, Vaikunda Vaithiyar St, Kalathipillai St, Irulappan St, Elephant Gate St, Chandrappa St, Ayya Mudhali St, Basin water works St.SIDCO Nagar : Sidco Nagar 1 to 10th blocks, Agathiyar Nagar, Annai Sathya Nagar, Sidco Industrial, Balrampuram, Rajaji Nagar, Rajamangalam, North Jeganathan Nagar, G.K.M.Colony, Redhills Rd, Thiru Nagar, Thirumangalam Rd, New Avadi Rd, MTH Rd, Sivan koil west and north Mada St, Thiruvenkadam St, Lakshmipuram, South Jeganathan Nagar.Arumbakkam : MMDA Colony, Arumbakkam, Aminjikarai, NM Rd, Metha Nagar Railway Colony, Collectorate Colony, Vadagaram, Azad Nagar, MH Colony, Choolaimedu, Vadapalani, Mangai Nagar, Sakthi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695286", "title": "Central Railway confident of 100% plastic ban in food sale", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR)'s decision to ban the sale of food items wrapped in plastic and other non-biodegradable material has been gaining momentum. Nearly all 200-odd stall operators in Mumbai division have complied with the rule after it came into effect from May 22.The Medha Patkar-led stall operators association has opposed the move on the grounds that the 'ad-hoc' decision will affect the livelihood of stall operators, who have already seen 50% drop in sale in the past one week.A senior CR official said, \"Our inspectors are visiting all platforms to counsel the stall operators to comply with this decision as it is in the long term interest of the railways, commuters and the city. The efforts have yielded results as we will able to ensure compliance before midnight of May 31.\"Railway officials said the wrappings made from ba8nned material are thrown by commuters on the track. It then clogs drains, causing waterlogging on the tracks during heavy rains.However, the ban is only applicable to stations and platforms from where suburban trains operate. Hence, food stalls, including the railway-operated Jan Ahaar, are still selling food items in plastic wrappings.The official said, \"The problem is more acute on suburban platforms because of the volume of consumption and trash that follows on the track. We have seen a noticeable change as the tracks are free of litter ever since %the time the decision came into effect.\"A total of 25 food items like cakes, biscuits, wafers and other salted snacks have been withdrawn from sale as they come in the non-biodegradable packing made of plastic, metalized film packets, sulphite paper packing, aluminum foil packing, etc.The official said, \"So far, only stall owners have protested against the move. However, there has bee no opposition either from the com8muters or passenger association.\"Officials said CR is planning to introduce more varieties of food that are fresh and can be served in non-biodegradable packets to ensure that commuters have adequate choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696916", "title": "Thousands of condoms found dumped in park", "text": "KANPUR: Making mockery of the family planning schemes of the government, thousands of unused condoms were discovered dumped in a park in W-block, Saket Nagar, on Thursday.Nearly 7,000 condoms from batch number 110 to 9207 were found scattered in a park in Saket Nagar. Supplied by a company named as 'Muzaffarnagar healthcare limited', these condoms were neither expired nor defective. The manufacturing date is of 9/11 while the stock is to expire on 8/14.The government had planned to distribute contraceptive at doorsteps to boost population control programme.The locals initially thought that this might be a defective or expired date stock thrown by an NGO in the vicinity.The programming officer of the NGO said that the organization had not supplied the condoms.\"We do distribute contraceptives under government schemes developed to give a boost to population control efforts. But we get the condom supply on weekly basis and that too in small amount. I have no idea from where these condoms came from,\" said Mehtab Alam of the NGO.The CMO said that these condoms were not supplied to Kanpur health department. The NGO situated near the spot is registered under Uttar Pradesh State Aids Control Society ( UPSACS) and he has no idea about how these condoms supplied by the government got scattered there.\"The batch number and supply is not given to Kanpur district health division. I have checked the recent and old data for this,\" the CMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695330", "title": "Motive has ceased to exist: Experts", "text": "JAIPUR: The findings recorded by the district and sessions court that absolved BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore in the Dara Singh fake encounter case have dealt a heavy blow to the CBI.Legal experts believe that even if the investigating agency appeals against the release of Rathore in the HC, the prosecution's case appears to have been weakened. \"The CBI arrested Rathore on the charge that he was the key conspirator in the fake encounter, as only he had a motive for eliminating Dara Singh. Now that the court has absolved the main accused of the conspiracy charge, the motive has ceased to exist and the entire investigation has come under question,\" said Deepak Chauhan, who practices criminal law at the sessions court. \"In a criminal case, establishing the motive is of utmost importance,\" he added.CBI lawyer Sarfaraz Haider Khan, however, said the court ought not to have gone into the merits of the case at the stage of framing charges. \"The merits of charges are decided when the witnesses are questioned and cross-examined before the court once the trial begins. If the case's merit were to be decided at the charge framing stage, where was the need to have the provision of trial under law,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mapusa/mandrem ", "code": "13695989", "title": "Northern talukas take a holiday", "text": "MAPUSA/MANDREM : The bandh was a success in Pernem and Bardez with almost all establishments shutting down. Private buses, too, were off the roads. Even auto rickshaws and taxis were largely off the road, hampering mobility. Only medical stores and banks and government offices were opened in these talukas. Public sector undertakings and the government offices reported thin attendance because of the lack of transport.There was a road blockade put up by the bandh supporters at the Siolim-Chopdem bridge. Vehicles could not cross the bridge. Later, the roadblock was cleared at about 10.10 am after the intervention of the police. Then, an effigy of prime minister Manmohan Singh was burnt. The roadblockensured that offices reported thin attendance.The road blocked created hardships to those who worked night shifts. \"Usually I reach home at 8 am but today (Thursday), I had to return back again,\" said Prasad Shetgaonkar, a lifeguard who was returning after his night duty.The Mapusa market was completely shut down. Taxis, motorcyclists, rickshaws and buses were completely off the road. One private bus tried to ferry passengers but was blocked by bandh supporters.Kadamba's shuttle service at Mapusa was operational from 6.30am but had to be stopped at 8 am after unruly supporters damaged a bus.An official at the KTC shuttle service booth said that after the incident of damage to the bus, he had stopped the service fearing more damage. Mapusa police arrested two supporters, Jalesh Raut and Siddharth Dhargalkar in this connection.Intra-state state bus operators informed TOI that the there was no problem of incoming buses to Goa and they were regular. The travellers had a tough time in arranging transport at the Mapusa stand. Bus operators also said that there was no outgoing bus service till 7pm and buses plied to the neighbouring cities only after 7 pam.In Pernem, Thursday is the weekly market day. It wore a deserted look with total shut down. The only petrol pump operational was along the national highway at Malpem. Taxi services were available at the Malpem railway station and there was not much of a problem at the railway station as the police were stationed there.For some, it was a holiday and many were seen having a saltwater bath in the sea. The Arambol beach was crowded with locals enjoying. There were no shops open. The lack of transport facility also affected the attendance on beaches. As this was the off-season for tourists, there were not much difficulties for the remaining few tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698221", "title": "It\u2019s exciting to come back: AK Hangal", "text": "AK Hangal talks about facing the camera after seven yearsA K Hangal returned to face the studio lights after seven long years. Having reached the sets of a TV Series Madhubala on a wheelchair, the 97-year-old actor wasn't sure he would be able to handle it physically. But once the cameras started rolling, there was no stopping the actor within. Speaking about his experience, Hangal told us, \"I have lived my life on the sets. And it was exciting to go back to one.\"Hangal, who has starred in over 200 films in his career spanning more than half a century, revealed that the script urged him to take up the cameo. \"I have grown up seeing the industry. When the makers offered me the role of a veteran actor, who ends up naming a newborn Madhubala , I instantly liked it. Though I never met the actress on whose life the serial is apparently based, she was alive when I started my film career. So, in a way, I connect with the era. I could identify with the character and was excited to return to the sets,\" said the veteran actor.Having made several special appearances in films over the years, Hangal added, \"Cameos have been a major part of my career. For example, in the 1975 film Deewar, I was part of just one scene in which police inspector Shashi Kapoor kills a boy for stealing bread. I had only one line in the scene.\"The actor had last shot for Amol Palekar's film, Paheli in 2005. In fact, he had not gone out of his house for the last eight months. \"We were surprised to see him get out of home. He would have done it only for acting,\" said his son Vijay and added, \"My father had remained at home for the past few months. The show producer Saurabh Tiwari and senior executives from the channel came to our place to offer him the role. Several filmmakers had approached him in the last few years. But father did not take those up due to health issues.\" However, this time around, the script lured Hangal o the sets. When contacted, writer Mukul Abhyankar told us, \"I had conceived the role keeping Mr Hangal in mind. We wanted someone who could identify with 100 years of cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13696386", "title": "Tuki pitches for harnessing medicinal plants for revenue", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has pitched for harnessing of the abundant medicinal and aromatic plants of the state to enhance revenue generation.\"With a forest cover of 82%, we are blessed with approximately 500 species of medicinal and aromatic plants, which, if harnessed properly, can fetch handsome revenues for the state,\" Tuki asserted after inaugurating the newly-constructed Arunachal Pradesh State Medicinal Plant Board building at Chimpu near here recently.While saying that the indigenous people, especially those living in rural areas, have better knowledge about traditional medicines, Tuki opined that forest officials should conduct extensive research to identify new medicinal and aromatic plants apart from studying already identified species.The chief minister, while sharing his past experiences at conferences on medicinal and aromatic plants in Hyderabad and in Kathmandu (Nepal), said that Arunachal Pradesh, with its available resources, is capable of becoming a leading exporter of medicinal and aromatic plants in the country.While referring to a recent report on illegal hunting and selling of meat in the open market, Tuki said, \"Instead of digging graves, we should ensure safeguarding living creatures.\"He urged forest officials to work with renewed energy and do full justice to their assigned role so that wildlife and forest crimes can be completely contained.He said they should make efforts to come up with innovative proposals for cultivation of medicinal and aromatic plants to wean people away from jhum cultivation. Besides medicinal plants, he laid emphasis on promoting tea and rubber plantation to cover the barren fields created by jhum cultivation.\"With coordinated efforts from all corners, we are committed to increasing the forest cover percentage from the existing 82% to 90% by the end of 12th Five Year Plan, the CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696309", "title": "Vagabond bludgeoned to death two sleeping men", "text": "BANGALORE: Anyone sleeping on the pavement aroused the animal instinct in him. Though he lived like a vagabond, Poojappa Hanumaiah, 20, resident of Byrahanumaiah Colony in Yeshwantpur and native of Madurai near Doddaballapur, bludgeoned two men to death by the time police nabbed him.\"His mother passed away when he was a small child and his father deserted him around 10 years ago,\" Yeshwantpur police said. \"On December 12, 2011, an unidentified man was bludgeoned to death on the pavement of 80 Feet Road in Mathikere. Another man, Ramesh, was killed in the same manner on March 11 this year,\" police said. Both were daily wage workers.A senior officer said: \"During night patrolling, our staff traced Poojappa who was moving suspiciously. During questioning, he confessed to the crimes.Poojappa said: \"Whenever I see someone sleeping, I feel like attacking and robbing them. That's how I killed the two men who were strangers to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13693645", "title": "Tobacco-induced cancer on the rise in Odisha, say doctors", "text": "CUTTACK: Incidence of tobacco-induced cancer cases are constantly on the rise in the state, claim oncologists.\"Tobacco related cancer cases are increasing by 15 % every year in the state and the trend is extremely alarming,\" said Sukdev Nayak, the director of Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer centre (AHRCC). Records of the Centre reveal that in the year 2011-12, at least 25,024 patients visited the OPD, while 10,696 patients were admitted to the hospital. Nayak informed that 44 per cent of cancer cases that reach AHRCC were related to tobacco consumption. These patients usually suffer from oral, thyroid, lung or laryngeal cancers. Incidence of tobacco related cancer has increased so much in the state that AHRCC authorities had to open a special head and neck department to deal with such cases.Doctors informed consumption of gutkha and tobacco, and smoking have led to the spurt in cancer cases in the state. \"There has been a definite rise in the number of tobacco-related cancer cases in the state in the past three-four years, courtesy consumption of tobacco. Easy availability and popularity of gutkha sachets in the state have contributed a lot to the rise,\" said Dr Sanjay Panda, co-founder of Panda Cancer Centre.What is even more alarming, say oncologists, is that the patients suffering from tobacco-related cancer are getting younger by the day. \"Five years ago, the average age of patients suffering from tobacco-related cancer was 50, but now we are getting more and more patients in the age group of 20-30 years. Gutkha addiction is taking young lives everyday,\" added Dr Panda.\"The situation is really alarming as despite the high pitched anti-tobacco campaign and pictorial warnings on cigarette packets and gutkha sachets, more and more youths are getting addicted to these products,\" said Dr P K Das, another oncologist.Experts blame poor implementation of anti-tobacco laws and a weak awareness campaign for the alarming scenario. \"Despite ban, gutkha products are easily available in the market. There is a need to focus on the youths. Greater awareness should be created in schools and colleges about the harmful impact of tobacco consumption,\" said Dr Sukdev Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694245", "title": "Non-bailable warrant against Emaar ex-chief Shravan Gupta", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court here on Thursday issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Emaar-MGF former managing director Shravan Gupta in connection with the alleged irregularities in the APIIC-Emaar land deal case after he failed to appear before it. Gupta is currently in London and the trial court had earlier rejected his anticipatory bail plea.After taking cognizance of the supplementary chargesheet filed in the Emaar township scam in April, the court of principal special judge for CBI cases also issued a prisoner transit (PT) warrant against two other accused - G V Vijaya Raghav, finance head of Emaar-MGF (South) and N Sunil Reddy, a close aide of Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy -- to enable the Chanchalguda jail authorities to produce them before it on June 18.The CBI, in its supplementary chargesheet, stated that Gupta was absconding since January and there was no response to the notices served on his addresses. The CBI moved an application to secure his presence in the court and issued the NBW against him. Gupta is one of the 14 accused in the Emaar scam case and is charged with misappropriation of public money and assets.In its chargesheet filed on February 1 against suspended IAS officer B P Acharya and others, the CBI charged them under Prevention of Corruption Act for committing irregularities in the land transfer and sale of villas and apartments in the township at Gachibowli here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695189", "title": "HC lifts ban on land use conversion, okays 90A", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has lifted its stay on land use change and conversion of agricultural land for non-agricultural purposes. The court also okayed the newly introduced Section 90A which will now replace the old Section 90B of Land Revenue Act. The order was issued by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Mahesh Bhagwati on Thursday.The provisions of 90-B, which was stayed by the court last year, so far provided for conversion of agricultural land that has been put to non-agricultural use. The regularizations were being made ever since its inception in 1999. The state government in response to a PIL on Thursday clarified the position of new law, Section 90A, to be introduced for regularization of illegal colonies and plots in the state.A PIL was filed by one Jago Janata Society through advocate Poonam Chand Bhandari challenging the validity of the regularizations made after June 17, 1999 as it was contended that it was a one time scheme to regularize only those illegal constructions in the state which have been made prior to June 1999.It was also given out that there is no scheme for conversion of agricultural land for commercial, residential, or other non-agricultural use as such and all the allotments made after the date notifying Section 90-B should be declared illegal.On Thursday, additional advocate general SN Kumawat, appearing for state government, told a division bench that government has framed detailed rules which are quite transparent and therefore, there is no grievance pertaining to 90-B as the same is no more a part of statute books. As such, the PIL has become infructuous.The court than granted liberty to the petitioner NGO to withdraw the same and file a fresh petition in case the new provision appears to be non-productive and resultantly the stay order granted in the PIL has also come to an end allowing various local self governing bodies to go ahead with the land use change under the newly framed rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696863", "title": "India Post turns to small ventures to stay in business", "text": "CHENNAI: Vetrivelan S, a 45-year-old businessman from Kancheepuram, has memories of hanging on the gate of his house during the afternoons, waiting for the postman to arrive. \"It was my job to pick up letters for my grandmother,\" he said. \"She would eagerly wait for letters from her four sisters who were settled in other parts of the state. The postman would arrive, enquire about her sisters from my grandmother and then leave. He knew everybody in that area.\"Today, Vetrivel cannot remember the last time he saw a postman or stepped into the post office, except two months ago, when the local post offices in Kancheepuram district began selling solar lamps. \"With six-hour-long power cuts, it was difficult for my daughter to study for her school exams in March,\" he said. \"I heard the post office was selling solar lamps and I bought two of them.\"The image of India Post is slowly undergoing a change as the department is now expanding its business to tie-up with small ventures and provide an outlet for sale of their products. With emails and electronic banking becoming all too common, the age of the postman is dying out. With their primary source of revenue drying up, the postal department is now looking at other avenues to fill their coffers.\"So far we have been relying on bulk mail and corporate mail orders,\" said an official. \"But of late we have even seen a dip in the number of our savings account holders.\"Small savings accounts in rural post offices were a keystone to the department's policy and the department had the largest number of savings accounts across the country. However, this too has now been impacted due to a change in government policy, added the official. \"A few months ago, the Reserve Bank of India changed the interest rates of savings account from fixed rates to floating rates. However, this is not applicable for postal accounts. Added to that are electronic services that banks provide. As a result, we have lost 40% of our account holders.\"India Post has only recently begun installing ATM facilities at some its head post offices. But it may be a case of too little too late. Pushed to a corner, the department is now looking at other innovative ways to woo their customers back. \"Hence the tie-up with small ventures,\" he said. \"The solar lamps sold very well in Kancheepuram and we are looking at similar ventures. Our primary advantage still remains in our rural network and we will put that to use.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi/london", "code": "13693760", "title": "Kevin Pietersen quits ODIs; ECB says can't play T20 too!", "text": "NEW DELHI/LONDON: Kevin Pietersen , one of England's finest strokeplayers and among the most popular cricket stars worldwide, announced a shock retirement from limited-overs internationals on Thursday.The move continued the trend of the controversial South African-born middle-order batsman's increasingly frequent run-ins with authorities of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB). The British media reported that Pietersen wanted to retire from ODIs to \"spearhead\" England's T20 squad, a move which was rejected by the ECB. The ECB immediately decreed - in a move being interpreted as a vindictive one - that Pietersen would not even be considered for selection to England's T20 squad. The board announced it had decided centrally contracted players must make themselves available for both limited-overs formats, or neither.Interestingly, the ruling has not been explicitly acknowledged by the ECB before. The last senior batsman to retire from ODIs was Andrew Strauss , who was already out of the T20 setup.The decision effectively implies that Pietersen's international limited-overs career is over. He will now only be considered only for Tests and the ECB promptly announced that the batsman's central contract was being downgraded.Hugh Morris , the ECB's managing director of cricket, expressed his disappointment at the timing of the decision, with England set to embark on the title defence of their World T20 crown in September in Sri Lanka. Pietersen is widely accepted as one of England's finest T20 batsman and was Man of the Tournament in England's title-winning campaign last time around. The turn of events means Pietersen, already a big draw for Delhi Daredevils , could be available for a larger duration of the Indian Premier League (IPL) next year.The British media tended to blame the ECB for the unanticipated turn of events, with the Independent saying Pietersen, 31, didn't want to retire from T20s: \"The real intrigue lies in the ECB's decision to retire him from the shorter format against his will. Pietersen...wanted to spearhead the defence of the (World T20) crown in Sri Lanka later this year but that offer was declined by the board.\"Pietersen, with 127 ODIs and 36 T20 caps, hit back-to-back centuries in his last two ODI games against Pakistan . He scored 4184 runs at 41.84 in ODIs and 1176 runs at 37.93 in T20 Internationals. Pietersen made it clear he had wanted to play on in T20s. \"I am immensely proud of my achievements in the One-day game and still wish to be considered for selection for England in Test cricket. For the record, were the selection criteria not in place, I would have readily played for England in the upcoming ICC World Twenty20,\" he said.\"After a great deal of thought and deliberation, I am today announcing my retirement from international One-day cricket. With the intensity of the international schedule and the increasing demands on my body, approaching 32, I think it is the right time to step aside and let the next generation of players come through to gain experience.\"Morris said: \"ECB is disappointed by the timing of Kevin's decision less than four months before we defend our ICC World Twenty20 title. Kevin is a world-class player and we look forward to his continued contributions to the Test match side. As the programming and planning for ODI and T20 format cricket are very closely linked, we have a selection policy that means that any player making himself unavailable for either of the one-day formats rules himself out of consideration for both formats.The selectors will now replace Kevin in both the ODI and the T20 squads.\"Pietersen has a history of run-ins with the ECB, his 'adopted' board. Just last week, he was fined an undisclosed sum for criticizing Sky commentator Nick Knight , which the ECB said was a breach of its code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "13695521", "title": "Panel formed to check mobile tower radiation", "text": "JAIPUR : A division bench of the high court dealing with the issue of health hazards due to mobile tower radiations constituted a five-member committee on Thursday to ascertain the veracity of the allegations that the radiation emissions are beyond permissible limits and as to whether they are harmful or not.The bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Mahesh Bhagwati constituted the committee headed by director TERM which has four other scientific experts. The other members in the team of experts are Dr Y K Vijay, Dr P L Navlakha, Dr Arun Gupta and Saleem Engineer.On Wednesday, it was brought to the notice of the court that as per the directions given on Tuesday, three sites were identified namely residence of petitioner Justice (rtd) I S Israni, Sanghi Mansions, and Tagore Hospital, Mansarovar, for checking the level of radiation from mobile phone towers.\"It was found that the emissions were under the permissible limit and in one case it was in the borderline. However, it was also suggested that the lawyers are not technically competent to certify the radiation levels as such a committee of experts needs be framed,\" an advocate said, quoting the court proceedings.The court was of the veiw that there should be an independent survey as reports are prepared by government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695516", "title": "CM rules out power tariff hike for domestic, agricultural consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Already reeling under steep hike in the petrol price, people of Uttar Pradesh got some relief when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday said that there would be no increase in the existing power tariff structure for domestic and agricultural power consumers in his maiden state annual budget to be presented on June 1.Announcing this on the floor of the assembly, the chief minister, however, hinted at power tariff hikes for industrial and commercial users. Admitting the poor power-availability in the state, the CM said this was mainly due to the failure of the previous BSP government to set up a single new power project in the state during its five-year rule. The BSP government's faulty policy resulted into a burden of Rs 25,000 crore on the UPPCL, the CM said, adding that of this Rs 7,000 crore were spent on the import of power at higher rate. In the same vein, he was also critical of the Congress, which he said, was not much helpful towards improving power scenario in the state. This was evident from the non-allotment of requisite coal stock to UP by the Centre. Beside this, he said, the Congress was responsible for stalling the 10,000 mw Dadri power project initiated by the SP government during its previous tenure between 2003 and 2007.He regretted the Congress was not cooperative towards the ruling SP, despite its open support to the Centre on the issue of nuclear energy in the past. As for improving power supply situation, he said the government was committed to increase its availability. A roadmap prepared for this envisaged improvement in plant load factor (PLF) of power thermal plants and transmission lines, check power theft and losses, and set up new power projects, including that based on solar energy. The government would break from the past practices of the BSP government, which had done nothing, except signing memorandums of understanding (MoUs), Akhilesh Yadav said in his reply to supplementary questions on the issue of power supply situation in the state during the question hour in the House.\"Although proposed to be provided in the budget, I am compelled to disclose some of these information,\" Yadav said as BSP and BJP members raised their pitch, out to run down the government for its utter failure on the power supply situation in this peak summer season. Not satisfied with the government reply, both these parties later separately staged noisy walkouts after accusing the government of making false promise.However, undeterred by the disruption, Yadav said that sparing domestic consumers and farmers was a difficult decision and explained that the it had been taken with an intent to provide them relief, as they were the most hit by the inflation, caused by fuel price hike.\"The government was firm on protecting their interest. That's why this decision had been taken irrespective of dire financial situation of the state and the recommendation made by the power tariff regulatory authority to increase the power tariff structure across all sectors,\" the chief minister said.The issue, which was raised through a question jointly by Suresh Khanna of BJP and Rita Bahuguna Joshi and others, witnessed a volley of supplementary questions put up by leader of opposition Swami Prasad Maurya and a host of other members, including Hukum Singh of BJP and Pramod Tiwari of Congress. While expressing concern over the power supply situation, they underlined the need for improvement.Blaming the government for its failure, Maurya, termed the government as anti-farmer and anti-people and later led his party to stage an angry walk out from the House. Intervening, Akhilesh Yadav said that those dubbing the government as anti-farmer, should do soul-searching by asking themselves what they have done in the previous five-year rule.He said the BSP had staged a walkout only due to its inability to face the truth. He said the power situation would have changed for better had the Dadri been allowed to commission. At this, UPCC chief and Congress MLA Reeta Bahuguna Joshi remarked that the project was stalled on account of low prices paid to the farmers against the land acquired from them under the Urgency clause. Rebutting the charges, Akhilesh said this was not a matter of price, but of a 'conspiracy' hatched against the project for cheap political mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "seatlle", "code": "13699001", "title": "Microsoft plans to launch Windows 8 by December", "text": "SEATLLE: Microsoft, which unveiled a near-final test version of its Windows 8 software, said its goal is to have machines with the operating system on store shelves in time for the year-end holiday season.If all goes well, the Redmond, Washington-based company will be able to put the finishing touches on the product in time to meet a goal of holiday delivery for personal computers with the software, Windows President Steven Sinofsky wrote in a blog post on Microsoft's website.The updated Windows software will be the first to run on chips based on ARM Holdings's technology and the first designed for touch-screen control. Both changes are aimed at capturing a portion of the tablet market, which is dominated by Apple's iPad. Demand for tablets has been siphoning off customers from Windows-based PCs and curbing Microsoft's influence among consumers.Based on feedback from this latest test version, Microsoft will move forward toward a milestone called release to manufacturing, at which point computer makers will start putting the software on their devices. Microsoft aims to enter that final phase in about two months, Sinofsky said.Microsoft fell less than 1 per cent to $29.19 at the close in New York . The shares have gained 12 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696720", "title": "Walk into bank branch, ATM to pay your property tax", "text": "CHENNAI: From June 15, you can walk into any bank branch to pay property tax. The Chennai Corporation has tied up with Indian Overseas Bank, Canara Bank , ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank, HDFC bank, City Union Bank, Karur Vysya Bank and Axis Bank for collecting the property taxes. You can use their net banking and ATM facilities as well to pay the tax.Residents will have to provide their property tax number, which when keyed in by banking officials will reveal the area of the property and the money due. A receipt will also be issued immediately. Civic officials say the move is aimed at providing more avenues for tax payment, which will reduce queues at zonal offices during the last few days, and in the long run improve their tax collection. \"Many people who don't have any internet connection or can't waste time standing in long queues at zonal offices will use this facility,\" said mayor Saidai Duraisamy.Officials are still skeptical because the corporation has not been able to sort out issues like penalizing defaulters, a system for residents to retrieve their property tax numbers and a good server, without which even the above initiative is not likely to yield rich dividends.In fact, in the last two years, not a single property tax defaulter has been penalized. This despite the corporation facing tax defaults to the tune of 268.74 crore last year, according to sources in the civic body. Talking during a press meet on Thursday, Duraisamy said, \"We will look into that later.\"Interestingly, the previous DMK-led corporation council in 2010 unanimously passed a resolution to impose a fine on owners of residential and commercial properties for defaulting on property tax payments. They were to be charged 1% for every month of delay, if you don't pay for an entire year, the fine could accumulate to 12%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13695507", "title": "Employer, two aides held for shutting down call centre", "text": "KALYAN: A call centre employer and his two associates were arrested by the Bazarpeth police on Thursday for shutting down the company's Kalyan branch without notifying its nearly 160 employees and paying their salaries.After the arrests, the company management lodged computer theft cases against six of its employees. The six employees too have been arrested.On Wednesday morning, US-based call centre company Seagate International, which has many branches across Mumbai, suddenly shut down its Kalyan branch, situated at Bail Bazar junction without informing the employees.When employees were not allowed to go inside the office, they approached the police. The police however refused to lodge a complaint against the company owner.The employees then approached Dombivli-based BJP MLA Ravindra Chavan, who compelled the police to lodge a complaint against the company. The police booked Hemraj Chedha and his two associates under section 420 (cheating) and 34 (common intention) of Indian Penal Code.Soon after, the company management also lodged theft cases against six of its employees for stealing computers from the call centre's office.All the six employees were produced before a Kalyan court on Thursday. They have been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694844", "title": "CM, Gates discuss health programme", "text": "PATNA: Microsoft co-founder and leading philanthropist Bill Gates on Thursday called up chief minister Nitish Kumar and told him about the progress of the works in health sector by his Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation. During their half-an-hour telephonic talk, the CM highly praised the work of the Foundation and requested Gates to expand his philanthropic work in Bihar. The Foundation currently is carrying out health programmes in only eight districts. He said that such programmes are needed to be introduced in other districts too.Gates is on India tour and phoned Nitish while explaining his inability not to revisit Bihar. The CM is on his Seva Yatra in Bhagalpur. The CM discussed with him in detail about pulse polio campaign, immunization, family welfare, kala-azar, tuberculosis and encephalitis and their prevention and cure. \"We are confident that in collaboration with your Foundation, our government will succeed in effecting positive reforms in health sector,\" Nitish told Gates.Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation has $80 million worth partnership with Bihar government in health sector. In 2010, a memorandum of cooperation had been reached between the Foundation and state government. The Foundation works through NGOs as per their methodology in eight chosen districts. They also suggest to the government the works to be done.Gates, who is quite impressed with the functioning of the state government in health sector and particularly in eradication of polio, visited Bihar in 2010 and again in March 2011 with wife Melinda. The couple had visited some villages and interacted with people to know about their living and health condition. They had inquired about the immunization, vaccination and institutional delivery. Gates had commented, \"The great works being done here are lessons for other places in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13696350", "title": "Dimapur Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry asks govt to solve power crisis", "text": "Dimapur: The Dimapur Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (Dhas expressed shock at the frequent power cuts in Nagaland , particularly in Dimapur, and said it reflects the entire state in bad light. DCCI added the power cuts are hampering business activities, resulting in loss of crores of rupees in the state. DCCI said despite the fact that business establishments pay their bills on time and pay a high electricity tariff as they have to take commercial connections as compared to domestic ones, they too are suffering due to power cuts.They said that while power cuts last up to many hours in commercial areas of the town, the supply resumes for hardly half an hour at the most, adding businesses cannot rely on invertors and generators for prolonged back-up because of their limited capacity.DCCI president Hokivi Chishi said thousands of people depend on electricity to run their business establishments, offices, educational institutions etc, while hospitals also require uninterrupted power supply for surgeries and patients.The body urged the state government and the power department to resolve the power crisis so that all the consumers get uninterrupted power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13693674", "title": "Frog wedding to invoke rain god", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The bride and bridegroom arrived in a glittering procession. The marriage was solemnized by chanting of vedic mantras by the pundits, followed by a sumptuous feast for all. All the new couple could do, however, was croak at the gathering.The town reeling under intensive heat wave resorted to the quirky though age-old practice of invoking the rain god by organizing a frog wedding on Wednesday evening at Baidyanatheswar temple near Kamapalli here. \"We arranged this marriage as the town is reeling under intensive heat without rains for several months now,\" said Anil Kumar Roul, one of the organizers of the event. \"The sound of frog croaking is the sign of the onset of rain. So we performed the ritual with the chanting of hymns near a temple to invoke the rain god,\" said Narasingh Gouda, another organizer.Groups of children were seen dancing and signing, in tune to changu, a musical instrument, and holding at least a pair of frogs in some villages. The dances were performed to the tune of \"Bengei nani nachila, dho dho barsh barshial...\"(when the frog dances, it pours).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695594", "title": "1,800 mini passenger vans ply illegally on Indore roads", "text": "INDORE: The absence of an effective public transport system in the city opened way for private players into this segment in large numbers and Indore at present has reportedly about 1,800 mini passenger vans operating without valid permits.According to government records, only 1,126 Tata Magic and 538 Maruti-Suzuki vans have been registered with the regional transport department for the purpose of carrying passengers.However, the actual number of the mini passenger vans is much more.When TOI spoke to Yogendra Rana, transport inspector with regional transport office (RTO), it came to the fore that many passenger vans meant for public transportation in the city have allegedly been running without valid permits. \"Only 1,126 Tata Magic vans and 538 Maruti vans are registered with the RTO under public transport category,\" he says.City-based traffic experts claimed that more than 1,800 passenger vans in the city are running without valid permits. Some of them are even running on expired permits.According to officials at the RTO, as many as 67 routes in the city are covered by the small passenger vans. With an increase in the number of illegally plying passenger vehicles on city roads, it disrupted the traffic situation. Atul Mendhe, a traffic expert opines, \"Increase in the number of such vehicles has disrupted traffic situation of the city.\"DSP (traffic) Pradeep Singh Chauhan says, \"From January 2012 to till date, 10 permits of the mini passenger vehicles have been cancelled for flouting traffic rules while permits of five vehicles have been withheld for similar reasons.\" The city traffic police often nab the van drivers for plying in the city without valid permits and they are penalized for that, he added.A group of van drivers formed an association against the illegally plying mini vans. Raju Bhati, president of one such association, says, \"We are against those passenger vehicles which run without valid permit in the city. Every driver must wear proper uniform and keep documents to avoid action.\"The association also approached the city traffic police seeking their attention into the matter but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693579", "title": "Near total bandh in diamond city", "text": "SURAT: The call for nation-wide bandh on Thursday given by BJP-led NDA to protest against hike in petrol price by the Central Government received a good response in the city. There were no major incidents of violence and over 100 textile and diamond markets at Mahidharpura, Varachha, Rajmarg, Ring Road, Athwalines, Udhna Road, Adajan and Rander remained closed.Textile processing and dyeing units on the city outskirts were also closed. However, a few autorickshaws were seen on roads despite stray cases of incidents of stone-pelting at them at Delhi Gate, which left a few damaged.BJP MP from Navsari C R Patil and some party activists stopped Jammu-Tawi Express at 11.30 am at Udhna station. Many BJP workers sat on rail tracks and some climbed up on to the train's engine. The supply of daily milk, vegetable and other essential commodities remain unaffected during the bandh.Patil, who led the bandh in the city, said, \"Bandh was 100 per cent success. This shows people's faith in us and their anger against petrol price hike.\"City unit Congress described the bandh as complete failure. A number of shops, however, opened by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13695086", "title": "Truck with kendu leaves seized near Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "DALTONGANJ: As many as 96 bags, stuffed with kendu leaves worth about Rs 1.70 lakh, were recovered from a truck in the Palamu Tiger Reserve area. The truck has been seized.These kendu leaves were being transported illegally as the Supreme Court has forbidden extraction of any forest produce from any wildlife sanctuary, reserve or national park. PTR officials said there cannot be any plucking, extraction or uprooting of forest produce so as to cause damage, destruction or ruin to flora and fauna under the orders of the Supreme Court.According to the DFO buffer, Anil K Mishra, the leaves could have been plucked from the jungles coming under the PTR's Bareysarn, Maromar or Kabree areas. Mishra said the DFO core, Premjit Anand, who is he field director of PTR, was alerted. He had dispatched teams to intercept the truck.However, the driver and helper of the truck escaped. Mishra said the forest officials did not find any transit paper or godown stamp. All kendu leaf godowns are registered.Kendu leaves are high in demand both by smugglers and Maoists. A week back in Palamu's Panki block, Maoists had set afire a barn of kendu leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13696401", "title": "Mumbai impact of Bharat bandh", "text": "Special buses save flyersMUMBAI: Flights functioned normally on Thursday, but the bandh led to cabbies and auto drivers trying to fleece arriving flyers . As a result, around 1,500 passengers were driven to take the special buses airport authorities had arranged to ferry people to stations. ACP (airport) Shrikant Kalghatgi said there were no untoward incidents, though the police detained many as a precaution. The prepaid taxi counter was almost closed in the daytime , forcing passengers to opt for tourist vehicles, private cabs or the special BEST buses. Regular autos and taxis cost a bomb as drivers were unwilling to ply by meter. A five-star hotel representative, Rohit Pande, arranged tourist vehicles for arriving guests. He said, \"We convinced guests that things were under control in Mumbai.\"Retailers join protestRolled down shutters marked the retail sector's participation in the strike, when street-corner retailers , jewellery stores as well as kirana shops remained closed for business for most part of the day, opening gradually after 6pm. Inorbit Mall in Malad and Hypercity in Vashi and Thane opened after 5pm. Shopping hubs including Crawford Market, Heera Panna , Andheri and Goregaon witnessed a ghostly calm. Many restaurants also had to forego the day's earnings. \"We found one restaurant open in Liberty Garden from where I got food for my staff,\" said Sanjay Kapadia, owner of Kapadia Brothers petrol pump in Malad. Joining the strike cost jewellers Rs 200 crore. \"We are ready to sacrifice a day's earnings if we can elicit a partial rollback,\" said Deven Choksi, finance director of DVN Group.Petrol pumps bear bruntThe rising cost of fuel lay at the epicentre of the nationwide agitation , leading petrol pumps to become the target of fury. The closure of a single pump can cause losses up to Rs 10 lakh. Mid-afternoon , political activists arrived at gas stations in Chembur, Juhu, Mahim , Jogeshwari, Kandivli and Breach Candy to shut them down. At Breach Candy, the lone constable at the pump left the scene and only after the owner requested reinforcements from the police that the outlet re-opened under protection. \"We were filling petrol in a car, when a group of Shiv Sainiks arrived,\" said the manager of a Juhu pump. \"They made us close but we reopened after 3.00pm because the vehicles kept streaming in.\" Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers' Association himself complied with the demand to close his gas station in Ghatkopar (E).Fewer patients in OPDsOtherwise busy outpatient departments of public hospitals saw fewer patients on Thursday, when most people had to depend on ambulances and private vehicles , as taxis and autos refused to ferry them. Many even had to walk to hospitals. The family of a cancer patient, Lagu Salvi (50), had to borrow a wheelchair from Sion Hospital to ferry him there after they could not find a taxi for more than an hour. At KEM hospital, the OPD turnout was a mere 50%. \"But all scheduled surgeries were performed,\" said Dr Sanjay Oak, KEM dean. Sion Hospital treated 1,800 patients in OPD, while the usual figure is more than 2,000, and at BYL Nair Hospital, the number was 584. JJ Hospital also saw fewer patients in OPD, and at peripheral hospitals, the patient rush was 40% less. Following violence on streets, several injured people had to be hospitalized with fractured skulls and limbs.- with inputs from Vijay V Singh, Bella Jaisinghani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695566", "title": "National youth policy to target transgenders, gays and lesbians", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, the government is trying to focus on problems of transgenders, gays and lesbians with the draft national youth policy 2012 placing the social group in the targeted category that needs suitable policy interventions to deal with social or moral stigma.\"Transgenders have for long been the butt of ridicule and derision of society. They have virtually lived a life of complete segregation from the mainstream,\" said the draft policy, including them among the groups that suffer from social or moral stigma along with gays and lesbians and those infected and affected by HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis.The policy said, \"The gays and lesbians have never been accepted in society as same-gender sex has always been treated in our society as perverted and immoral behaviour. The result of these deeply embedded stereotypes and biases has been that gays and lesbians are reluctant to express their sexual preferences openly.\"Minister of youth affairs and sports Ajay Maken unveiled the policy that proposes to change the target age group from the existing 13-35 years to 16-30 years.The policy is the first of its kind as it recognizes youth not as a homogenous group but as having numerous differentials based on habitat, environment, socio-economic status of their families and their own life styles.Maken said the policy not only spells out the objectives but also elaborates the details of interventions required and identified partners responsible for achieving the objectives.A Youth Development Index (YDI), that will serve as the baseline and ready reckoner for evaluators and policy makers, has also been incorporated in the policy.The policy is been underpinned by the guiding principle of providing targeted employable skills to different youth segments in line with Prime Minister's Skill Development Mission, Maken said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699618", "title": "Growing with the green word", "text": "Kehkashan Basu says her love for the environment comes partly from growing up in a home where a green lifestyle is a priority, and partly from divine intervention.\"I was actually born on June 5, which is World Environment Day.\"I think it was preordained that I was to take care of Mother Earth,\" said Basu, who is a Grade 7 student at Millennium School in Al Qusais.That love for the environment prompted her to take part in an essay competition organised by UK-based The Living Rainforest, a charity that promotes sustainable living.The essay gave Basu the chance to tell the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon her take on making the world a more environment-friendly place.\"I wrote about making education a birthright for girls and not just boys. Education brings awareness, and if you don't have awareness then you can't help the environment,\" Basu said.To her surprise, Basu came in third place in the competition and was the only one from the Middle East to win.Children from 59 countries participated and organisers received a total of 849 entries. The other two winners were from Russia and UK.Earlier this month, Basu, 11, and her parents went to London for the award ceremony, where Basu also took part in a forum that allowed her to showcase her views on the importance of taking care of the environment.But it's at home in Dubai that Basu wants to promote an environment-friendly message. \"I would like to tell people to talk green, grow green and think green,\" she said.Basu's mother, Swati, said the family has taken that message to heart. \"In our daily life the first thing we did was we have only one car even though both my husband and I drive,\" Swati said.Additionally, instead of throwing all the garbage down the waste chute of their building, Swati said she separates the glass, plastics and food component and drops them into each bin separately.\"When you first start doing this it appears to be a lot of work, but living green becomes a part of your life,\" Swati said, adding that her daughter has inspired her to have a greener lifestyle.\"I have learned a lot from her because she's so passionate about the environment.\"Courtesy: www.khaleejtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13694830", "title": "'Rival' group tears down posters of Youth Congress chief", "text": "HUBLI: At time when the Congress party is making an all-out effort to strengthen the youth wing, a few disgruntled leaders reportedly tore up the picture of state youth Congress president Rizwan Arshad in the banners put up by Pradesh Congress Committee on airport road in the city.There are more than 20 banners put up along the airport road. Each banner features the pictures of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and other youth Congress leaders, including Rijwan Arshad.The pictures of Rahul Gandhi and other leaders remained intact.The incident has once again brought to the fore the difference simmering within the youth Congress.A youth Congress leader told TOI that it was the handiwork of a few people in the party.. A few disgruntled leaders might have targeted the picture of Rijwan to vent their ire for losing the president post. The dissident group, who lost the recent elections against Rijwan's group, torn up the picture, he alleged.If it is done by opposition parities, they would have completely torn up the banner instead of targeting only Rijwan's picture, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699041", "title": "Mugdha procures a day\u2019s drinking permit for big bash", "text": "At a time when cops and the moral brigade have decided to play party poopers, Mugdha Godse made a smart choice. She procured a drinking permit for all her guests for a bash she hosted recently.The actress recently hosted a party to celebrate her former boyfriend Mithun Purandare's birthday and her housewarming. \"The party happened two days ago.She had invited Mithun and all his friends. It was her housewarming party as well,\" said a source, adding, \"Keeping in mind that the police have become extremely particular about alcohol permits, she made sure she got a day's permit for all their friends. Guests from both the fashion and film industry were there and celebrations went on till the wee hours of the morning.\"While Mugdha refused to comment, her spokesperson confirmed the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695798", "title": "Illegal parking in Ganj may lead to jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to streamline traffic and implement the High Court's directive to ensure no parking of vehicles between Hazratganj Crossing and Mayfair tri-section, the Lucknow police have decided to use section 341 of Indian Penal Code to deter people from parking their vehicles from Friday onwards. In other words, this means that a vehicle owner could even be jailed for parking his vehicle in the no-parking zone.However, legal experts are not impressed by this announcement and claim that this would boomerang as its use for parking in no-parking zone is bit too harsh and unrealistic.Section 341 of the IPC pertains to punishment for wrongful restraint. Whoever wrongfully restrains any person shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term, which may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend to five hundred rupees, or with both.IG Ashutosh Pandey (who is officiating as DIG/SSP), said that in order to ensure smooth usage of this section of IPC, orders have been to take away powers of booking a person under Motor Vehicles Act from traffic cops and given to traffic inspectors.Since traffic cops were only pasting challan slips on the vehicles, which was wrongly parked, the same was not having a lasting impact on the commuters as well as vehicle owners, the city police chief said and added that before this IPC section is introduced from Friday, orders have been given to the police to make announcement between Hazratganj Crossing and Mayfair tri-section warning the vehicle owners of severe punishment from Saturday onward.\"Since the civil police cannot act suo motu against any person under sections of IPC in the absence of any complainant from the public, the beat sub-inspector will be the complainant in the case,\" Pandey told reporters.Wrongful restraint has been defined under Section 339 of IPC. It states, \"Whoever voluntarily obstructs any person so as to prevent that person from proceeding in any direction in which that person has right to proceed, is said wrongfully to restrain that person.\"However, the use of section 341 of IPC as a deterrent for those parking in no-parking zone has not found many takers among the legal experts.Talking to TOI, criminal lawyer Rohitkant said that it is not feasible and practical for a beat sub-inspector to become complainant.The reason will be that any complainant would have to depose before the court of law and the process may take time. Not only this, completely blocking a road like putting up tent etc and creating hindrance in the smooth flow of traffic are two different things. Similar views were also expressed by lawyer Vivek Manishi Shukla. The use of this section in traffic violation is impractical and won't have the desired impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13698900", "title": "Leader of opposition Siddaramaiah quits post", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset over being kept in the dark regarding selection of the four candidates to the June 11 legislative council elections, opposition leader Siddaramaiah has reportedly resigned from the post.Siddaramaiah is said to have sent in his resignation letter to the Congress high command late on Thursday night after the four names were released officially. Siddaramaiah was lobbying for his candidate former MP C M Ibrahim for the council ticket.Sources close to him said more than the denial of ticket to Ibrahim, Siddaramaiah felt slighted that he was not consulted in the selection. The norm has been the final list is released after holding discussions with the state party unit president, CLP leader and the AICC general secretary in-charge. Siddaramaiah was not only kept out of the loop, there was no call from the party high command as a matter of courtesy to explain why he was not called or Ibrahim was not given the ticket,'' sources told TOI here on Friday.Siddaramaiah, who joined the Congress in 2006 was appointed as the opposition leader after Mallikarjun M Kharge was elevated to the Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694622", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy woos YSR Cong leaders", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the poaching, by YSR Congress, of two important former MLAs from Vizianagaram district is a setback for Botsa Satyanarayana, critics of the PCC president are claiming that it underlines the senior leader's inability to check desertions from his own turf.With Botsa failing miserably in keeping the Congress flock together, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has himself opened negotiations to woo back the two MLAs.Kiran Kumar is said to be in touch with Chinna Appalanaidu and Peddinti Jaganmohan Rao, senior north coastal Andhra leaders who left Congress after Botsa emerged as a strongman in the region. Jaganmohan Rao is a staunch critic of Botsa's.Rao, who represented the Bobbili seat in 1999, could not get re-nominated in the 2004 elections. And, when he tried his luck with the Bobbili Lok Sabha ticket, Botsa prevailed to obtain the ticket seat for his wife Jhansi, forcing Rao to join YSR Congress.Sources said Bobbili MLA Ranga Rao's entry into YSR Congress is expected to create a fierce competition for the poll ticket. Both Appalanaidu and Jaganmohan Rao had joined Jagan's party in the hope that either one of them would be handed the Bobbili ticket in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13695379", "title": "Owner of car booked for brothers' suffocation death", "text": "KALYAN: The Badlapur (E) police booked the owner of the car in which the bodies of two brothers were found on Wednesday afternoon, on charges of negligence. The two had suffocated to death inside the car.On Thursday, the police booked Ratan Lokhande after an inquiry revealed that he did not repair the car lock. Vijay Bagal, senior police inspector from Badlapur (E) police station said, \"Lokhande had left the door lock open. The two boys entered the car but were unable to come out.\"The families have demanded a probe into the matter. The bodies of the boys, Shiv Shankar (10) and Rama Shankar Jaiswal (8), have been sent to J J Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "guwahati/shillong/imphal/dimapur/itanagar", "code": "13696452", "title": "Bharat Bandh paralyses life across northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI/SHILLONG/IMPHAL/DIMAPUR/ITANAGAR: The 12-hour Bharat Bandh called by opposition NDA, Left parties and regional party Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) to protest against the steep hike in petrol prices paralyzed life across northeastern states on Thursday.Business establishments and educational institutions in Guwahati, Imphal, Agartala, Shillong, Aizawl , Kohima and Itanagar were closed during the day. The transport system was also not functional.In Guwahati, low attendance was recorded in all the government offices. Except a few ASTC buses, private buses were off the roads. There was no major impact of the bandh on flights, while train services were affected to some extent as picketers blocked railway tracks at many places. An NFR official said the Howrah-bound Kamrup Express and Rajdhani Express were delayed between one and one-and-a-half hours in the wake of picketing on rail tracks by protestors in Guwahati, Kamakhya and Rangiya. Police later cleared the picketers from the tracks.BJP supporters staged protests in Guwahati and other NE towns. Supporters of the saffron party blocked a passenger train in Assam's Dhubri district, while party workers took out a procession in Dimapur in Nagaland.AGP workers staged protests in Guwahati, Barpeta, Margherita, Silchar, Karimganj and other party strongholds. Police arrested more than 100 AGP activists along with the party's general secretary and former minister Ramendra Narayan Kalita. \"The UPA government has failed on all fronts and the common man is suffering due to this,\" said AGP leaders Kalita and Pradip Hazarika.Assam state secretaries of Left parties Uddhab Barman (CPI-M), Bhogeswar Dutta (CPI) and Rubul Sarma (CPI-ML) along with a large number of activists were arrested in Guwahati while blocking the roads in front of the DC's office. Police also foiled a protest meeting organized by the trade unions led by Left parties at Imphal in Manipur.In Dimapur town, the Nagaland unit BJP took out a 'padayatra' and submitted a memorandum to the governor saying the recent hike in petrol prices is very steep and has driven the consumers to anguish. BJP workers discarded all vehicles using petrol or diesel and arranged horse-drawn carts to protest against the hike.The bandh also affected life in Arunachal Pradesh. All business establishments, educational institutions, central government offices and banking institutions remained closed while attendance in state government offices remained thin. The streets of state capital Itanagar wore a deserted look with all sorts of commercial, public and private vehicles remaining off the roads. However, state transport buses were seen plying with escorts.With both the Left and BJP-led NDA having no effective strength in Meghalaya, the bandh evoked partial response in the state. While banks and business establishments remained largely closed in Shillong, government offices and educational institutions registered thin attendance.Tourists visiting Shillong were the worst affected, with many of them stranded in their hotels as taxis were off roads in most parts of Meghalaya. \"There were reports of stone pelting in certain areas along the national highway connecting Guwahati-Shillong-Silchar even though security along the highway had been intensified,\" a senior Meghalaya government official said.In Shillong, more than 80% of the business establishments were closed. There were reports of stone pelting on vehicles at Mawiong area on the city outskirts and at Umling in Ri-Bhoi district.In the CPM-ruled Tripura, the 12-hour shutdown crippled life. \"The strike was total and successful with party workers and general people expressing their anger against the recent hike of petrol price prices,\" CPI-M state secretary Bijon Dhar said.He said the common people are already burdened with price rise of essentials, retrenchment, underpayment, poverty and the economic policies of the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696491", "title": "If BMC's cleaned them, why do nullahs stink?", "text": "MUMBAI: Clogged drains and waterlogged streets are a standard feature of the city every monsoon . Will it be any better thus time round? Despite the new civic chief 's assurances about nullah desilting, the BMC on Thursday crossed the seasonal deadline (May 31) for the work, 15% of which is yet to be done. Moreover, people are not satisfied with the work completed, with experts calling civic claims about its quality \"highly exaggerated\" .To take stock, TOI visited a few areas prone to waterlogging in the K-West (Andheri) and HEast (Vakola) wards. It found Irla Nullah (near Mithibai College in Vile Parle), which floods every monsoon, full of plastic bags. Residents say slums along the nullah dump garbage, clogging it, and the BMC does not take action. Mogra Nullah, opposite Fun Republic Cinema, Andheri (W), is in a similar state. The problem here is an underconstruction retaining wall. The nullah's flow has been obstructed by the unfinished wall. Bharat Shah, a businessman , said, \"The BMC desilted the nullah about a month ago, but because of the incomplete work on the retaining wall, it will not be able to function properly. The monsoon is about a week away; it will be impossible for the BMC to complete the wall in time.\"Assistant municipal commissioner (K-West ) Ramesh Pawar told TOI, \"We are looking at all complaints. Our nuisance detectors are fining slum dwellers who dump garbage in the nullah.\"Some call the state of affairs unpardonable, because, for the last three civic budgets, the storm water drain department has been among the top three departments to receive fund, with allocations at 12-14 % of the capital expenditure. This year, around Rs 1,325 crore has been allocated to the department. Criticizing the BMC, James John of AGNI said, \"There are several nullahs across the city from where silt is yet to be removed.\"FLOODING REASONSThe city's British-era storm water drains cannot handle the present volume of rainwater. The intensity of rainfall has increased over the years; today, it is 100 mm per hour compared to 25 mm per hour about a hundred years agoSeveral areas in the city are below sea level, and thus below the high-tide level. The number of pumping stations is not enough to drain such areasMost nullahs have been encroached upon. Slums along the nullahs dump garbage, clogging them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696583", "title": "Life imprisonment to man for wife's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge VP Patkar on Thursday sentenced a 35-year-old man to life imprisonment and fine of Rs 500 holding him guilty for his wife's murder. Manohar Surjuse has also been convicted under Section 498 A of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for mentally and physically torturing his wife Shakuntala and sentenced to another two years imprisonment and fine.Manohar had picked up a fight with his wife Shakuntala on January 29 last year after returning from work to home at Boudhapura in Kelvad. She was preparing dinner while two of their sons were studying in the adjoining room.Manohar, who doubted his wife's moral character, questioned her for taking home-made food to work. This led to a heated argument. Manohar doused Shakuntala with kerosene before throwing a lighted matchstick on her. Shakuntala was rushed to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital where she succumbed to injuries on February 5 that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13696515", "title": "A blood test to monitor cancer treatment", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have devised a new simple blood test that can clearly show whether treatments to reduce tumours is working, a breakthrough which could soon revolutionize cancer care.British researchers, who developed the new blood test, said can closely monitor the progress of tumours without the need for surgery or scans.In a world first, they used the blood analysis to detect deadly mutations in 20 of 38 patients studied with breast and ovarian cancer.They even managed to build up a picture of how one woman's breast cancer responded to different treatments over 16 months.The new test, expected to be available to patients within five years, uses sequencing - a technique to read genetic code - to look for tiny pieces of DNA that cancer tumours shed into the bloodstream and are not picked up by current screening methods, the Daily Mail reported. This could alert doctors when a treatment is not working, allowing them to try alternatives , as well as potentially sparing the patient unnecessary side effects. Currently cancer patients often need to have tissue samples surgically removed for analysis.In the study, published in journal Science Translational Medicine, the researchers took blood samples from women either before, during or after chemotherapy at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. Dr Nitzan Rosenfeld, who led the study at the Cancer Research UK Cambridge Research Institute, said, \"This type of blood test has the potential to revolutionize the way we diagnose and treat cancer. The great advantage is that it can be used to identify cancer mutations without surgery or a biopsy, making it safer and cheaper.\"DNA sequencing is widely used, but Rosenfeld's team found a way to home in on key genes known to be \"cancer hot spots\" and analyse them in detail. This is the first time entire genes have been analysed from a blood test, which enabled the researchers to examine 20,000 possible mutations in six cancer-related genes. Using a blood sample from a 56-year-old woman with breast cancer, the researchers were able to see in retrospect that the first type of treatment she was given had not worked.Rosenfeld said, \"We could see in a blood test what the doctors could only see using extensive imaging. If we had looked at a different time, we may have been able to spot it earlier. Doctors could try different types of chemotherapy or refer patients to a specific clinical trial. It broadens the scope for more personalized medicine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698536", "title": "Raula Pai Gaya is fun unlimited", "text": "Another Prominent Punjabi Singer turns actor with Ravinder Grewal's entry in Punjabi Movie \"Raula Pai Gaya - Fun Unlimited\". Movie is directed by Atharv Baluja and produced by Ravinder Grewal's home banner RG Productions. As the title suggests, Raula Pai Gaya is a full fledge comedy movie to entertain and to make the audience laugh through out with unlimited fun.The director, Atharv Baluja is a well known Punjabi songs video director. The other star cast includes Surbhi Jyoti, Jaswinder Bhalla, Binnu Dhillon, B N Sharma, Yaad Grewal, Sardar Sohi, Kartar Cheema and more. Music of the movie has been produced by Ravinder Grewa l himself. Title of the movie is already known to everybody based on a super hit album of Ravinder Grewal 'Raula Pai gaya'. Raula Pai Gaya was the album which took Ravinder Grewal's singing career to new heights and who knows it does the same in his acting career as well.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696235", "title": "Nagpur petrol pumps keep it low during bandh", "text": "NAGPUR: As the BJP called for a nationwide bandh against fuel price hike, those running petrol filling stations in the city preferred to remain cautious. The outlets were reluctantly shut down as the owners looked forward at every other opportunity to start working. Normal functioning resumed at most of the city pumps by evening.Fearing closure due to the strike, indents of petroleum fuels as well as cooking gas from the depots outside the city limits was kept at a low quantum. The number of vehicles carrying petrol, diesel as well as LPG was less by 40% compared to any other normal day. The octroi collections, under this head for the day, stood at Rs 12 lakh as against over Rs 18-19 lakh otherwise, which indicates that the indents were low, said a source in the NMC. The figures pertained to octroi collected till around 3.30 pm. By this time most of the tankers pass through the octroi post daily, the source added.Several petrol pumps were seen turning back customers even as the outlets were not shut down as such.\"We preferred to close down, fearing mob violence. The agitation may be against the hike in petrol prices, but a day's closure means a substantial loss for us,\" said a filling station owner at Dharampeth. Though staffers reported on duty, customers were turned back. A little away another station remained open, but those working there said that they could not assure for how long they would continue. The stocks were kept low only to avoid losses. We shall refill on Friday, when things get normal, said the outlet owner requesting anonymity.Nagpur Petrol and HSD Dealers Association secretary Vilas Salpekar said, \"Since petroleum is an essential commodity the pumps could not be shut down as such. According to the reports received, by and large all the filling stations in the city were working. They may have only shut down for some time to avoid any untoward incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13696079", "title": "MCG engineers visit water-starved villages", "text": "GURGAON: Days after the villagers of Badshapur and Jharsa staged a protest against irregular water supply, the municipal commissioner of Gurgaon has directed two assistant engineers to visit the two villages every day to ensure that adequate water is being supplied to the residents.These engineers will be present in the villages from 9am to 11am and 4pm to 6pm, to supervise the water supply. The villagers of Jharsa, accompanied by their area councillor, had blocked the road in front of the commissioner's office on Monday and demanded that their water woes be solved within two days. They had also threatened to block the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway if their demand was not fulfilled. Earlier, Dundahera and Badshapur villagers had blocked roads in their respective areas demanding adequate water supply.According to officials, this step has been taken as a precautionary measure. \"We are trying our best to ensure that the basic requirement of water is fulfilled in all the villages under us. Very often the villagers waste a lot of water and also mishandle the tubewells and booster pumps. We hope that when our engineers are present in the area, things will be in order and whenever there is a breakdown in the machinery, it can be repaired immediately,\" said an official.\"This is an experimental step and if it turns out to be successful, we will replicate this in other villages as well. We sincerely seek the corporation of the villagers in this initiative,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696565", "title": "Senior police inspectors transferred", "text": "NAGPUR: City police authorities reorganized the posts of the police station in-charges on Thursday. In an order issued late evening, a number of senior PIs were shifted to different police stations and a few of them were relived as per their recent transfer order effected from the state police headquarter in the statewide revamp.Senior PI Pramod Makkeshwar of Lakadganj police station has been shifted to Tehsil police station in place of WT Wandre who now would take the charge of Prakash Bele of Hudkeshwar police station. Bele, one of the youngest officers in the rank of PI, has been shifted to Pachpaoli police station. Senior PI Balasaheb Dewulkar has been transferred to Yashodhara Nagar police station from Panchpaoli. CN Deshmukh, who was at Yashodhara Nagar, has been posted at the special branch.Jaripatka police station in-charge Rajendra Unawane would replace Makkeshwar in Lakadganj. Senior inspector MF Shende, now posted at Regional Police Training School (RPTS), would hold the post of Dhantoli police station in-charge. Shende's former colleague Ramesh Badre at RPTS has been posted in the traffic branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695005", "title": "New telecom policy gets rid of roaming charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, you will not have to pay roaming charges for making calls on your cell phone while traveling within the country. Not just that, you will also be able to retain your number even if you move city.The Union Cabinet set the stage for the drastic change in India's telecom story by approving a National Telecom Policy which also seeks to put an end to your frustration with slow speed of Internet surfing.The policy was approved after telecom minister Kapil Sibal agreed to drop certain issues from his draft, which were seen to be controversial. To begin with, anxious to prevent a repeat of the situation where former telecom minister A Raja allegedly rigged spectrum prices to favour a select group of businessmen, the Cabinet decided to vest the power to price spectrum in a ministerial panel, rather than just the minister.The Cabinet also felt that revenue generation could not be excluded as a goal, borrowing the politically safe formulation of \"affordability\" from the New Telecom Policy, 1999.Deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia had objected to the proposal to confer pricing power on the telecom minister of the day. The meeting saw him getting support from many of the attendees: home minister P Chidambaram, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, commerce minister Anand Sharma, heavy industries minister Praful Patel and highways minister C P Joshi.The affordability argument can provide comfort to telecom operators who have launched a high decibel campaign against the regulator's prescription for a 10-fold increase in the reserve price for spectrum auction. However, government has virtually ruled out a rethink on the second suggestion of refarming of spectrum. The regulator has proposed that GSM operators switch from 900 Mhz band to 1800 Mhz at market determined rates, something that is being opposed to by the industry on the grounds that it will cost them nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore.On giving more powers to Trai: another issue which saw an animated debate in the Cabinet, the ministers were unanimous that policy making function would remain with government and not the sectoral regulator. \"We just want to add that policy making function would, however, continue to remain with government, means Trai will not make policy,\" Sibal said.This apart, there were at least two other modifications with the telecom department dropping proposals to enact a separate law for spectrum management and to set up a finance firm for the sector.Another 2G fallout was the government's decision to separate telecom licences and spectrum, against the earlier practice of bundling them, and charge a market-derived price for the airwaves.While the policy to turn India into one telecom circle for roaming purposes was cleared by the Cabinet, it will take a while before you stop paying for taking calls in another state as the telecom department is yet to work out the modalities. Once implemented, telecom companies may recover a part of the lost revenue by jacking up local call tariffs, analysts said.\"The target is one nation full mobile number portability and working towards one nation free roaming,\" Sibal said.Highlights:* National roaming to end soon* Inter-circle number portability to be permitted* Broadband speed to be increased from 256kbps to 2mbps* Affordability of services to be a policy goal instead of making revenue generation a \"secondary objective\"* Power to fix prices vested with ministerial panel and not telecom minister* Telecom companies will have to switch spectrum bands", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "13694818", "title": "T Subbirami Reddy dances his way into people\u2019s heart", "text": "NELLORE: Rajya sabha member T Subbirami Reddy (TSR) has always been a happy-go-lucky guy. His success mantra is simple: be cheerful and optimistic even while facing odds.Notwithstanding a serious contest from the YSR congress, TSR is not shying away from campaigning. In fact, he intensified the canvassing by getting actively involved in the vigorous tours. He was seen dancing and mingling with the crowds and making the cadres feel high. \"We did not anticipate that a leader like TSR will move so closely with the masses. Locals do not see him as an outsider anymore,\" asserted city legislator M Sridhara Krishna Reddy.While the immediate opponent and YSR congress candidate Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy is a serious candidate, TSR has been jovial and cordial with locals. His initiative to meet the locals and interact with them had made them happy.A veteran politician, TSR knows well how to strike a chord with masses and set the public mood. He is leaving no stone unturned to keep the electorate enthused. While involving film stars in the campaign is one of his ways, TSR did not ignore even the party leaders. Several MPs have toured Nellore constituency and leaders from the Centre like Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi are scheduled to visit the constituency next week. \"Arrival of TSR in Nellore has itself changed the atmosphere in the Congress camp and the cadres are back with fighting spirit,\" admitted a local congress leader.TSR toured Kanaparthipadu, Bujabuja Nellore, Chandrababu Naidu colony, Pottur, South Mopur on Thursday along with MPs Undavalli Arunkumar and Renuka Chowdary. In addition to dancing, TSR has also made serious promises to develop the constituency. His promise to bring in big industries to provide employment has attracted many youth to his meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13693647", "title": "Series of radars along Gujarat coast to strengthen Coast Guard's realm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The wide expanse of sea off Gujarat's long coastline also plays host to forces that are filled up with malicious intent. Thankfully, to a large extent, such forces would be under the 'scanner' with the installation of secondary surveillance (static) radars at eight places in and around Gujarat's coastline. Secondary surveillance radars have been designed and developed by Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) for autonomous, synchronous and integrated operation with primary radars and have been under testing for nearly one and half year.These radars have been installated at Nabhadra, Dwarka, Porbandar, Mangrol, Jafrabad, Gopnath, Hazira and the Union Territory of Daman. The main control room has been set up at Indian Coast Guard's Porbandar station. The secondary surveillance radar system, a nation-wide Rs 700 crore project for coastal surveillance, would be inaugurated in Gujarat by defence minister A K Antony shortly.These radars would be able to detect fishing boats at a distance of 20 nautical miles and big ships as far as 50 nautical miles from the shore even in the night. Importantly, low flying aircraft too would be within their range. The radars are equipped with an optical system, which will capture the images of the vessels at a distance of 10 nautical miles from the shore.Commander, Coast Guard Region (North West) DIG B S Yadav said, \"This definitely is an important development towards securing our coast. The system will help us scan the entire coastline for 24 hours and keep it safe from inimical forces.\"Coast Guard Porbandar station commander DIG Rajan Bargotra said the system would be a shot in the arm not only in our surveillance work but also in launching search and rescue operations, improving vessel traffic services and enhancing environmental protection measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13695112", "title": "SBS Nagar goes dry due to power cuts", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Life has been tough for SBS Nagar residents during the last week because of unscheduled power cuts coupled with acute water scarcity. The tube wells in the area do not have a back up to supply water during power cuts. Residents say even when power resumes, the tube wells are not operated on time.The four tube wells in the area have a single operator, who fails to switch them on on time, causing inconvenience, complain residents.The houses which have high power electric motors get water while the taps at the rest run dry. Ludhiana Improvement Trust or the sewerage board haven't taken any note of the problem so far, say the residents.Balraj Chopra, an accountant, says, ''We can survive the power cuts because of generators and inverters but it becomes difficult without water during summer.\" Chopra says they had urged LIT to provide a back up system on tube wells but it hasn't been done yet.Retired banker S P Singh says even if the authorities provide a back up system on two tube wells, the situation could be brought under control to some extent.Sub-divisional officer of LIT Boota Ram says tube well management is the responsibility of sewerage board.Junior engineer at sewerage board Gurtej Singh claims the tube wells are monitored regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13700332", "title": "IPL to issue strict guidelines for franchise owners", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by the controversies and scandals this season, the IPL authorities will put in place strict guidelines for franchise owners to ensure that the glamorous event's brand image is not dented in future.Although this year's IPL drew massive crowds, it was rocked by a spate of controversies involving franchise owners as well as players and the furores ranged from molestation charges against a player to a scuffle between a team owners and stadium authorities in Mumbai.The league's boss Rajiv Shukla conceded that there were fears of brand IPL taking a hit due to the negative press but things seem to have settled down and he would ensure that there is no repeat by having a word with franchise owners.\"We are not going to protect any player. We will definitely take action against anyone found guilty and we will tell franchises also to be very careful about these things and that they should also keep a strict eye on the activities of the respective players and support staff of their side,\" Shukla said.\"In IPL 5, the main focus was on the cricket. We were more concerned about the organisation of the game. When I took over as chairman my aim was to maintain the sanctity of the game. The focus was on the game,\" he asserted.\"I think the season was a major success because the game was successful. Whatever controversies erupted were not related to us. We haven't got any police agency to look into the cases.\"Shukla said the IPL authorities are firm in dealing with any erring player and this has been conveyed to the franchises as well.\"Whenever anything is reported back to us by the police and we find that the players are guilty, we definitely take action,\" he said.\"It would be like taking out the Sports Authority of India (SAI) from the Sports Ministry. I don't think it can be done. Maken is most welcome to say anything against it. It's his magnanimity that he is criticising the IPL but we would not utter a word against him,\" Shukla said.Shukla also insisted that there was no need for the BCCI to come under the RTI, another suggestion that Maken offered after the IPL spot-fixing scandal.\"BCCI gives all its accounts at the Annual General Meeting to the media. It responds to all questions in the Parliament. As far as bringing it under the ambit of the RTI, you have to first change the law of RTI.\"According to its law, if any organisation does not take grant from the government, it cannot be brought under the ambit of the RTI. If you bring the private companies into RTI, we won't mind coming under RTI,\" he said.Shukla said IPL's uncapped players, perhaps the most susceptible to the lure of spot-fixing, will feature in the players' auction from now.\"We are of the view within the BCCI that the domestic players should be put under the hammer. They should be brought for auction. The final decision has to be taken in the governing council meeting.Asked whether the auction would be held separately or clubbed with the one featuring international players, Shukla said, \"That has not been decided as yet. A decision has to be taken about the uncapped players, once a decision is taken the modalities would be worked out.\"\"It would be like taking out the Sports Authority of India (SAI) from the sports ministry. I don't think it can be done. Maken is most welcome to say anything against it. It's his magnanimity that he is criticising the IPL but we would not utter a word against him,\" Shukla said.Shukla also insisted that there was no need for the BCCI to come under the RTI, another suggestion that Maken offered after the IPL spot-fixing scandal.\"BCCI gives all its accounts at the Annual General Meeting to the media. It responds to all questions in the Parliament. As far as bringing it under the ambit of the RTI, you have to first change the law of RTI.\"According to its law, if any organisation does not take grant from the government, it cannot be brought under the ambit of the RTI. If you bring the private companies into RTI, we won't mind coming under RTI,\" he said.Shukla said IPL's uncapped players, perhaps the most susceptible to the lure of spot-fixing, will feature in the players' auction from now.\"We are of the view within the BCCI that the domestic players should be put under the hammer. They should be brought for auction. The final decision has to be taken in the Governing Council meeting.Asked whether the auction would be held separately or clubbed with the one featuring international players, Shukla said, \"That has not been decided as yet. A decision has to be taken about the uncapped players, once a decision is taken the modalities would be worked out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699263", "title": "Humbled in the presence of veterans: Sidharth Bharathan", "text": "This year has been special for Sidharth Bharathan for more than one reason. While his directorial debut Nidra saw him returning to the Mollywood silver screen, his next flick Spirit has offered him an opportunity to work with several legends in the field.\"It's an immense honour for anyone in the industry to work in a Ranjith movie and it's just coupled when you also get to share screen space with veterans such as Mohanlal and Thilakan . These are people you look up to in this industry,\" he says.Sidharth plays a pivotal role of an upcoming poet named Samir in the flick. The actor-director says working with Ranjith was a great learning experience.\"When you are acting along the seniors, it's an altogether different vibe. The best part was working with Ranjith sir. He treated me on par and it was humbling,\" says Sidharth .On his own directorial debut Nidra failing to make a mark at the box office despite largely garnering positive reviews, he says, \"I received a standing ovation throughout Kerala in the first three days from the ardent film-loving junta. Also, I have still been getting praise from the handful who has watched the film.\"Discussing the reasons why the film did not succeed in being a crowd puller, the actor-director says, \"It could be due to the film's mature subject of derangement, the impression that it's a remake and also its non-superstar cast.\"Sidharth , who had played the lead role of Raju in the flick, also points out, \"I had tried casting others but I couldn't find someone who would suit the role and ultimately, I needed to salvage the project.\"He also informs that the team had run into few hurdles during the post-production phase due to which they had only limited time to promote the film.About the refreshing cinematography in the film, he says, \"The cameraman is the director's eye and Sameer and I tried to capture interesting frames out of the sheer love for cinema. There was no ulterior motive of receiving accolades or anything; it all just fell into place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13693590", "title": "Maoist arrested in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: A Maoist was arrested during combing operations in Koraput district on Thursday evening. He has been identified as Kesab Bhimadika of Dumsil village within Narayanpatna police limits. Police said SOG jawans while returning from an operation spotted Kesab on the outskirts of Narayanpatna and nabbed him. No Maoist poster or arms were seized from the rebel.\"Kesab tried to run from the spot but we succeeded in arresting him. He was wanted in five cases, including three murders, within Narayanpatna police limits. He was also involved in attacking the Narayanpatna police station in 2009,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar. \"Interrogation is on and details about his involvement in other cases will be known once we complete our interrogation,\" he added.Police said Kesab was an armed rebel cadre and had joined the Maoist organization five years ago. He was working for the Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee of the outlawed CPI (Maoist).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13696763", "title": "India snubs US sanctions on Tehran", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Thursday reiterated that Iran remained its key energy supplier and that any unilateral sanction imposed by the US would not be allowed to impact \"legitimate trade interests\" between the two nations.\"In a globalized world, sanctions decided unilaterally or regionally can have an impact on the markets. Such measures should not impact on legitimate trade interests,\" foreign minister S M Krishna said after a meeting with his visiting counterpart Ali Akbar Salehi.Salehi too said Iran had always been a reliable partner of India and would continue to be reliable in matters related to energy security. He also briefed Krishna on the recent discussions between Iran and the P5+1 in Baghdad on Tehran's nuclear programme. \"India has always held that the nuclear issue should be resolved through peaceful diplomacy and the framework of the IAEA provides the best forum to address the technical aspects of the issue,\" Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694042", "title": "NCP will punish cross-voters in MLC polls: Jadhav", "text": "NASHIK: Lamenting over the tie with his rival during the MLC polls, when he was expecting around 300 votes out of 475, recently elected MLC Jayant Jadhav-who was declared winner after a draw of lots-said that his party would identify the elected representatives from local bodies who did not vote for him and take action against them.\"I cannot define my victory. As far as getting less number of votes than expected is concerned, the party leaders will decide on the action that will be taken and I will do what the party wants me to,\" Jayant Jadhav told TOI.After the tie with rival Shivaji Sahane from the Shiv Sena in the elections, where both had 221 votes, it was the draw of lots that favoured Jayant Jadhav. \"The party expected a good turnout especially since the NCP had a good number of elected representatives as well as the support of the Congress. That is why we expected nearly 300 votes, but that did not happen. Obviously this is because some leaders and representatives have failed to look at Chhagan Bhujbal as the face of development.\"Jadhav added that there is nothing wrong in strong leaders emerging in the district at any point of time. \"The development of Nashik has always lagged behind other cities like Pune because of strong leadership. Here we have a leader, but there are forces who are unnecessarily objecting to his leadership, \" Jadhav said.When asked to identify those who were against his party or his candidature for the MLC elections, Patil said he would like to forget the things that happened before the elections. \"The party leadership will study the issue better than me. I would rather focus on the development of Nashik and attempt to solve the issues of the people instead of trying to figure out who the cross-voters were,\" Jadhav said.During the counting procedure, both the candidates, Jadhav and Sahane, were vociferous about approaching the court over how the elections were conducted. After the results, Sahane, who lost the polls is gearing up to challenge the conduct, while Jadhav who won has sidelined the issue.\"Hypothetical questions generally do not have answers. The same can be said about the situation now. A decision has not been taken about my challenging how the poll was conducted, but the fact that my party is mulling over it, is all that I can say as of now,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13696005", "title": "Air passengers at Dabolim affected", "text": "VASCO: As private taxis were kept off the roads in support of the nationwide bandh on Thursday, air passengers at Dabolim were badly affected. A large number of private vehicles came to receive and drop passengers at the Dabolim international airport.Dominick Mascarenhas, secretary of private taxi's association at the airport, said, \"Chaos was avoided as people were informed that there will be a bandh. As a result, many of the passengers were seen coming in private vehicles.\"Black and yellow taxi operators also joined the bandh. A source said, \"Our strength is about 200 taxis. But very few have reported to the counter fearing the bandh.\" Similarly, as rickshaws and buses were not operating, people travelled in private vehicles to the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694642", "title": "Markets wear deserted look as traders down shutters", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was an unusually quiet weekday in the city's wholesale hubs as shops in Chandni Chowk, Sadar Bazaar, Gandhi Nagar, Tank Road, Karol Bagh etc remained closed. While many south Delhi markets like Sarojini Nagar, Defence Colony, M and N blocks of GK-1 etc did not warm to BJP's bandh call against the hike in fuel prices, there was a complete shutdown at the major markets of north and west Delhi.Traders said the recent increase in petrol and CNG prices would have a negative impact on business, which is already facing a downturn, and the government should try to stabilize the market instead of burdening traders further. \"The government has tested our patience. The recent hike in petrol and CNG prices will severely affect our business. The cost of commodities will shoot up if the government doesn't roll back the hikes. Consequently, all the markets in north Delhi are supporting the bandh called by BJP,'' said Naresh Sambher, president, Jawahar Nagar and Kamla Nagar Traders' Association. Markets in Laxmi Nagar, Pandav Nagar, Karol Bagh, Paharganj, Ashram, Jamia Nagar, Rajouri Garden, Janakpuri etc were also closed on Thursday.\"Our market association decided to support the bandh. We want the government to work for the benefit of people. Citizens are fed up with this government, as it has not been able to control inflation,'' said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal. On Thursday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta, along with senior BJP leader Vijay Goel , staged a demonstration outside Town Hall in Chandni Chowk. BJP workers even tried to block the entry and exit points of the area's Metro station.While most of the popular markets remained closed, several others, especially in South Delhi, refused to join the bandh. Traders in Sarojini Nagar said their business had suffered a lot in May as the market was closed for four days in protest against New Delhi Municipal Council's (NDMC) decision to allot tehbazari (hawking sites) afresh. \"We suffered huge losses in those four days. We can't afford to close the market now,'' said Pramod Sharma, president of Sarojini Nagar Market Traders' Association.Many traders said they decided to down their shutters out of fear. \"Traders are a soft target. Incidents of violence are common during such mass protests. We decided to keep the market closed as we feared that BJP supporters might create a problem. But by afternoon, we decided to open our shops,'' said Sanjiv Mehra, president of Khan Market Traders' Association, adding that traders did support BJP's call for a bandh. \"The government should rollback the hike in petrol and CNG prices.''While traders supported the bandh, few among them expect the government to attack inflation. \"Jewellers were on strike for more than two weeks, only then did the government take note of their complaints. A day-long bandh is not going to solve the problem. But we can't keep the markets closed for long,'' said Murli Mani, president of Karol Bagh Market Association.Atul Bhargava, president of New Delhi Traders' Association, said, \"When oil companies are making profits, where is the need to increase fuel prices? The government should cut down on state and central taxes on fuel which add up to Rs 25-30. Why can't the government give some relief to people? The government can also cut down on VAT and excise duty. This will help check inflation.\"-", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695881", "title": "Scrap dealer says kept boy as his own", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fortnight ago, the boy who was restored to his parents by scrap dealer Azad Hussain had sold a water-cooler stand from his scrapyard for Rs 300 and bought a model earthmover - bright yellow, battery-operated. Everyone in and around the scrapyard, on the edge of South City I, Gurgaon, knows how central earthmovers are in the boy's life. One had brought him to them.Whenever he went missing - which was often, says Azad - they had to track earthmover movements in the area. \"We'd find him by one - he'd be riding it or just sitting in it,\" says Azad's mother, Munni. \"He didn't even tell us he'd bought the model,\" says Azad laughing. They still have his clothes, his school uniform - he had been admitted to the same school as Azad's sisters last year - and his toys. He misses the kid. He called several times the day he dropped him off. \"I kept thinking they'd call back but they didn't.\"Along with the boy, Azad left a piece of advice at Savitri Nagar - \"Don't let him out of your sight for the next seven-eight years.\" Originally from Bareilly, UP, and living at Indira Vikas Colony for about a decade, Azad's family - parents and six siblings - didn't know Chirag Dilli existed till the 12-year-old recognized the name. As they approached his home, the kid seemed to recall landmarks. A number of locals helped them along. A helmet-wala Azad stopped at to get his visor fixed led them to a kachoriwala, who sent them toward Savitri Nagar. \"The boy knew the nala. He next recognized a dumpyard - he must have played there once - and then said his house is white,\" recalls Azad, \"When he correctly identified a shopkeeper as 'Sandeep', we knew we were on the right track. His dadi saw him first and fainted.\"During the first few months after Azad spotted the boy (then 10) at a street vendor near Kataria Chowk and brought him home, the two covered all the bridges and nalas in the area. \"If only he had told us he's from Delhi. He never told us. We spent so much time looking in Gurgaon,\" says Azad. In fact, the boy didn't say much at all. He said his mother had passed away, that he had a brother and a sister and that his father was Iqbal. He didn't say where they could be found.\"All I've ever wanted is for him to be restored to his family,\" says Azad. Acquaintances wanted to adopt him; he rebuffed the offer. But after the first round of frantic search was over, the boy got restless and rather difficult to handle. He'd take off several times in a month, sometimes returning after days. \"The longest he's stayed away is for three days. He'd never tell us clearly what he did on these tours -- where he slept, what he ate. When he was done, he'd call us,\" says Azad.He got mad, he admits openly; he even slapped the kid a few times just as he would chastise his younger sister. \"I wanted him to behave, to fit in, the way I would a younger brother. How else would he learn?\" he asks and asserts that the other allegation - that he made the boy work without paying - is untrue. He wants the matter settled and regrets not having kept a copy of the complaint his family had filed at the Sector 40 police station when they first found the boy.\"Will I be put behind bars? Is this what I deserve for doing something good,\" he asks. \"The CWC can summon me any time so I am skipping a family wedding in Bareilly. I wish all this confusion could have been avoided.\"(With inputs from Joel Joseph)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694649", "title": "No trained doctors for neurology unit at NRS Medical College", "text": "KOLKATA: Talking about the dismal condition of healthcare in the state, here is yet another example. The NRS Medical College and Hospital (NRSMCH) has thrown open its neurology ITU to the public without the required manpower. The 10-bed unit -meant for critical patients - wing that is supposed to be for critical care patients is being manned by only two general physicians who are untrained. The 10 bed unit was thrown open in the first week of May, about eight months after its formal inauguration, but without any specialists, required nurses and the medical technician.Though the wing has sanctioned posts for eight doctors, six nurses and a medical technologist, none have been recruited so far. Even the two medical officers posted at the wing were roped in have been pulled in from other departments of the hospital. The health department had sanctioned these posts as early as February last year.\"None of the two doctors assigned duty at the unit is trained in handling the equipment in the ITU. In fact, they will be having a hands-on experience in this facility. Isn't it dangerous to play with the lives of critical patients? Barring the two doctors, no other supportive staff is available now. The wing is in total mess,\" said a hospital source.The doctors cannot run machines like ventilators, monitors, and defibrillators etc that have been installed in the unit. Neither do they have practical hands on experience on processes like intubation and central nervous access. Also, at night only the house staff is will be available to the patients at night. Apart from the neurology ward, these house staffers too will be doing the rounds at the other wards. of not only the unit also the neurology ward.NRMCH principal Dr PK Ghosh admitted the lack of trained medical staff at the unit. Ghosh said that the renovation work at the unit is yet to be completed and hence the unit is only partly functional.\"The process for recruitment for medical and para-medical staff for the unit is on. A medical technologist too will be recruited later. In the meantime, the two medical officers will be managing the unit. We hope the renovation work too will be completed soon so that the unit will become functional at the earliest,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693719", "title": "Petro price strike brings Odisha to a standstill", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Life came to a standstill across Odisha on Thursday following a bandh called by the ruling BJD and non-Congress parties in protest against the recent hike in petrol price.BJD, BJP, Left and other parties hit the streets with placards and slogans against the UPA for failing to contain fuel prices. Several political leaders courted arrest along with their supporters in different places during the Bharat Bandh.\"Fuel prices keep on increasing under the UPA regime. Our party will always fight against the Centre's anti-people policy,\" BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma said.\"Protests in the aftermath of petrol price rise have forced the Centre to put off its plan of increasing prices of diesel, LPG and kerosene. We want complete rollback of the hiked petrol price,\" senior BJP leader Biswabhusan Harichandan said. Leaders of CPI, CPM, Forward Bloc, RJD, Samajwadi Party and SUCI (Communist) also demanded measures to control fuel prices.Protesters squatted on rail tracks at various railway stations in the state, forcing the authorities to cancel as many as seven trains on the Howrah-Chennai main line and other branch lines. Several trains were stranded in Bhubaneswar, Khurda Road, Rourkela, Berhampur, Bhadrak and Sambalpur. \"Due to protests at various stations, the train services on the Howrah-Chennai main line and branch lines were totally disrupted,\" a senior official of the East Coast Railway headquarters here said.Common people were the worst hit following disruption of public transport systems and banking services in the state. Bus services remained suspended and auto-rickshaws and taxis stayed off the roads till evening, causing hardship to commuters at the state capital.\"The sun was blazing. After waiting for a bus at Master Canteen for nearly half an hour, I had to walk down the road to reach Vani Vihar,\" said 45-year-old Manoranjan Swain, a commuter.Operations at Biju Patnaik airport here were normal. \"All flights arrived and departed in schedule. Fliers did not face any hardship,\" an officer said. Sources said a few local youths cashed in on the shutdown and transported many passengers to and from the airport in their bikes to earn some quick money.Stray incidents of violence were reported in some parts of Bhubaneswar. A section of protestors pelted stones at vehicles passing near Jayadev Vihar and Dumduma. Miscreants attacked an empty ambulance near Dumduma, injuring its driver Sarat Behera (35).\"We condemn the attack on our colleague. How could the protesters target an ambulance,\" asked Ratnakar Jagdev, secretary of Rajdhani Ambulance Association. \"Unfazed by the attack, we did not suspend the ambulance service in Bhubaneswar,\" he added.Police, however, claimed that the bandh was peaceful. \"There were no reports of violence in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack,\" a senior police officer said.The strike also affected functioning of post offices, insurance and other offices as the protesters held picketing and demonstrations in many areas to enforce the bandh. Attendance in government offices and state secretariat here was very thin. Business establishments and shops were also closed.Sources said functioning in the Rourkela Steel Plant was partly affected due to the bandh. Coal production and transportation by both railway and road services were disrupted in Talcher. Mining activities and mineral transportation were hit in Keonjhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695738", "title": "Amit Puri in race for BJP mayor ticket", "text": "LUCKNOW: The race for mayoral candidate in the Bharatiya Janata Party took an interesting turn with Amit Puri, who fought the assembly bypoll from Lucknow West and lost in 2009, also joining the race. The outgoing mayor and Lucknow University professor Dr Dinesh Sharma is also one of the contenders. According to party sources, although Puri stands a strong chance there is opposition to his candidature from his old political rivals within the party.Sharma has been a favourite in the party as he had won the last mayoral election in the state capital by comfortable margin. However, he had expressed his reluctance to contest the election this time. Sources within the party said that Sharma was eyeing the Lok Sabha ticket for the 2014 polls. Later, he was convinced by a group of BJP leaders, most of whom, sources said owe allegiance to Puri's political rivals.Puri, it may be recalled, had contested assembly bypoll from Lucknow West constituency after Lalji Tandon became MP. However, he was defeated by Congress candidate Shyam Kishore Shukla. Party insiders blamed Puri's political rival of denting his chances in that byelection.However, state party president Laxmikant Bajpayee talking to TOI said there was no dispute on the name of mayoral candidate from the party in the state capital. Those who are saying this are not working in the interest of party, Bajpayee further added. He said the list would be out by Friday morning after a meeting with senior BJP leader Narendra Singh Tomar, who will be in the city tomorrow.Meanwhile, Congress party late on Thursday night released a list of 110 candidates for local bodies elections in the city. The party has already declared Dr Neeraj Bora as its candidate for the mayor's post. The list was declared by the district unit of the party after getting clearance from the high command. The list of other districts will be declared soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695767", "title": "Bus-truck collision kills 21 in Bulandshahr", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 21pilgrims were killed in a head-on collision between a state roadways bus from Uttarakhand and a Tata mini-truck near Lakahooti in Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh on Thursday morning. Of the 28 people injured, condition of six was stated to be critical. All members of two families travelling in the bus were among those dead.The impact of the collision was so strong that the driver's chambers of the two vehicles were reduced a mangled mess of steel, though both the drivers survived with multiple fracture injuries. The accident took place around 5 am when the bus was on its way to Haldwani town of Uttarakhand from Bulandshahr carrying pilgrims for the holy dip on the occasion of Ganga snaan. Seventeen people died on the spot while four of the victims succumbed to their injuries at the hospital, Bulanshahr police chief Gulab Singh said.Those killed in the accident included the entire family of one Mahipal of Sikandrabad area and that of Mahendra of Vedpur area - both situated in Bulandshahr district itself. Apart from Mahipal (55), his wife Suresh (50), son Bheem (22) and daughter Soni (20) were killed in the mishap. The other family onboard the ill-fated vehicle was that of his Mahendra (32), his wife Raj Kumari (26), their daughters Himanshi (5) and Dinpanshi (9) and son Hmanshu (7). The list of deceased also include Dhruv (6) and Yash (2) - sons of Yashpal and Rekha (35) and her daughter Varsha (9). Rekha's husband Nangru was critically injured in the incident and admitted to the district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13695383", "title": "Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education class X result declared; boys outshine girls", "text": "AJMER: The Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education class X result, which was declared on Thursday, changed the regular trend. This year, boys outshined girls in the results. The overall result remained 63.36 percent and 6,17,899 out of 9, 75,251 students passed the exam.The board chairman, Subhash Garg, on Thursday evening declared the class X result and called the first three meritorious students to congratulate them. \"The result showed a change in the usual trend and even in the merit list, the boys have performed better than the girls,\" said Garg. He said that board has tried to announce the result as early as possible so that students do not have a problem in planning further.There were one lakh, three thousand and 23 students registered for class X out of which nine lakh 75 thousand and 251 students appeared for the exam from the state. Among them, five lakh, 85 thousand and 511 were boys and three lakh, 89 thousand and 740 were girl students. The pass percentage of the girls was 62.99 percent and 2 lakh, 45 thousand 489 passed.The pass percentage of the boys was 63.60 per cent boys and so three, lakh 72 thousand and 410 were declared passed. About 41 thousand, 907 boys and 29 thousand, 760 girls got supplementary. There were 47 thousand, 241 girls and 72 thousand, 552 boys who passed with first division marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700615", "title": "Teri Meri Kahani to have authentic sets of three time eras", "text": "Production designer Muneesh Sappel has said the sets he has created of different eras for Kunal Kohli's upcoming film Teri Meri Kahani are authentic and built up after a lot of research.At the same time, Sappel wants audience to relate to the story instead of focussing on the sets.\"We did extensive research and travelled for six months across places where the story is based,\" Sappel told PTI.Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani, featuring Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra , depicts three eras of love stories set in 1910, 1960 and 2012.\"We had to create all the three eras and ensure that they look authentic. The 1910 era will have Punjab, the 1960 story is set in Mumbai and 2012 in England.\"We have been authentic and nothing is false. Creating these eras was in a way difficult but the use of VFX made it a bit easier...it really helped us,\" he said.\"We want the audience to relate to the story and not the background. We want them to get attached to the emotions,\" he said.In the past, Muneesh has designed sets for Shahrukh Khan starrer Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi, Amitabh Bachchan's Bhootnath, Atul Agnihotri's Hello, among others.In Teri Meri Kahani, the first story is set in Lahore in 1910 where Priyanka plays a Punjabi girl - Aradhana, in love with a Muslim boy Javed, played by Shahid. In the 1960 story, Shahid plays a struggling music director - Govind and Priyanka is a famous actress Rukhsar and they once again fall in love in Mumbai.In 2012, the couple falls in love again as Radha and Krish in England.\"Creating a 1910 era Punjab was in a way easy like we have had a temple, mosque, market, a small village, brick houses etc.In 1960 (Mumbai), we have shown trams, chawl, guest houses, old studios and old cinema houses. Creating Mumbai took more time. In 2012 one would see modern times with ancient style of architecture,\" Sappel said.The film is set to release on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696890", "title": "Three die as tempo overturns", "text": "KANPUR: Three devotees died and five others injured when a tempo overturned in Kalyanpur on Thursday.Local residents rushed to the spot to rescue the passengers hailing from Agra and Auraiyya districts.The devotees had come to take a dip into the Ganga at Bithoor on occasion of Ganga Dussehra.The dead were identified as Balram, Komal Singh and Atibal Singh while the injured identified as Nek Ram, Ram Kishan, Neelam Devi, Ram Rati and Usha Devi were admitted to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital.The tempo driver was overspeeding and carrying about a dozen passengers.Due to non-availability of police vehicle or ambulance, the injured persons were rushed to hospitals in private vehicles.A case has been registered against the tempo driver under various Sections of Motor Vehicle Act with the Kalyanpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694295", "title": "13 acquitted in 2002 Kalupur riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court on Thursday acquitted 13 Muslims from charges of looting and torching nearly 100 shops in Kalupur area during post-Godhra riots.Additional sessions judge H M Dholakia acquitted them of charges of rioting, arsoning, unlawful assembly and loot for lack of evidence, as witnesses including Hindu shop owners failed to identify them. These witnesses were declared hostile during trial.As per case details, 16 Muslims, including a former councilor from Kalupur Taiyabali Rangwala, were booked for rioting in the Kalupur area on February 28, 2002. One of them, Faiyaz Pathan died due to bullet injury he sustained during the riots. Another accused who survived bullet injury, Anis Mansuri, was tried along with other 12 persons.After their arrest and a stay of one month in jail, they were released on bail. Trial against them came to be initiated a decade later, and by then one more person had passed away. Case against another accused could not be committed following his irregularity in remaining presence before the court.Prosecution charged them for causing damage of Rs 6 crore to more than 100 shops between Zakaria Masjid and Revdi Bazar Crossroads, on Mirdhawad Road, Panchkuwa Darwaja and Dangigara ni Pole. These people along with 2,000 other unidentified persons were also accused of intending to attack the Radha-Lakshmi temple to incite communal sentiments, as the mob targeted the front gate of the religious place.During the trial, eyewitnesses including Hindus refused to identify the accused. Police witnesses named them, but failed to recognize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694920", "title": "Advani attacks Gadkari, says 'people let down'", "text": "NEW DELHI: L K Advani's simmering differences with BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and the RSS appear to be coming to a head. On a day when it could claim some credit for a successful Bharat bandh, the BJP was embroiled in a fresh burst of dissidence with Advani launching a barely veiled attack on Gadkari's leadership of the party.In a well circulated blog, Advani lamented the BJP's inability to \"rise to the occasion\" to take advantage of UPA-2's shortcomings, specifically pointing to decisions linked to Gadkari like the controversial induction of UP health scam accused Babu Singh Kushwaha, nomination of a \"shady\" businessman for Rajya Sabha from Jharkhand and political troubles in Karnataka.\"The mood within the party these days is not upbeat...The results in Uttar Pradesh, the manner in which the party welcomed BSP ministers who were removed by Mayawatiji on charges of corruption, the party's handling of Jharkhand and Karnataka-all these events have undermined the party's campaign against corruption,\" Advani said.He almost singled out Gadkari for the party's failures by praising the performance of party leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley in Parliament.\"Our performance in the two Houses under Sushmaji and Jaitleyji has been excellent, that the party is in power in as many as nine states today is no compensation for lapses committed. I had said at the core group meeting that if people are today angry with the UPA government, they are also disappointed with us. The situation, I said, calls for introspection,\" he said.Advani's sharp criticism annoyed his colleagues who felt it could undercut the BJP's attempts to pitch itself as the natural alternative to the Congress by riding an anti-corruption mood and resentment over the general price rise, accentuated by decisions like a steep hike in petrol rates and a perception of frozen governance.An unfazed Gadkari went about his official chores and received a boost when all senior party leaders present in the national capital, barring Advani, turned up for a meeting he called on Thursday afternoon to build upon what BJP sources called the \"success\" of the Bharat bandh. The meeting ignored Advani's comments with no one referring to the blog.Advani's absence from the meeting, days after he skipped a public meeting in Mumbai where Gadkari was given another term, fortified the perception of his estrangement from the party chief, the latter's mentors in the RSS as well as senior party leaders who see Gadkari as the best bet in the given circumstances.Importantly, the stalwart did not appear to mask the differences. The blog where he publicly faulted Gadkari was a riposte to a column critical of the media for running down the recent BJP meeting in Mumbai as a factional show. Advani demurred, saying he found the criticism well founded. \"I, as a former pressman myself, feel they (media) are reflecting public opinion correctly,\" he said.On his part, Gadkari has previously claimed that the decision to induct Kushwaha was taken in the presence of no less than a dozen national and state leaders but he was left to fend for himself. But he compounded his woes by giving a ticket to businessman Anshuman Mishra on the rather short-sighted calculation that he might \"swing\" a Rajya Sabha election in Jharkhand.Gadkari's stumbles gave those feeling sidelined, including Advani, an opportunity to attack him on the high-sounding ground of \"moral\" drift. Advani's attack, however, is being largely read in factional terms in a party where some senior leaders are barely on talking terms.The blog also indicated that Advani no longer has the upper hand in decision-making, with an increasingly assertive Gadkari having his way on important issues. The Kushwaha botch-up and the controversial decision to support NRI businessman Mishra for an RS seat from Jharkhand may have hurt the party chief but the latter enjoys majority support.In fact, he has strengthened his position by reaching out to dissident satraps-Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and former CMs of Karnataka and Rajasthan B S Yeddyurappa and Vasundhara Raje Scindia.The attempt of the anti-Gadkari faction to make alleged micro-management by the RSS an issue has not made much headway either.In fact Advani, who has been running unhappy with Gadkari and the Sangh, made a public show of his feelings a day after Gadkari and Modi attended the wedding reception of the granddaughter of Yeddyurappa-a significant development considering that the former Karnataka CM has publicly blamed Advani's bias for his rival Ananth Kumar as the source of unrest in state BJP.Modi's joining hands with Gadkari after the later yielded to the Gujarat CM by ousting Sanjay Joshi from the national executive must be rankling Advani. The BJP patriarch was seen as having a special, if uneven, equation with Modi, and always defended him vigorously.Party sources were worried about how the feud might pan out. Although Advani risks isolation, his supporters might want him to play the rallying point for unhappiness with the incumbent. On the other hand, the patience of Sangh Parivar as well as Gadkari and his colleagues appears to have worn thin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696909", "title": "Rallies, nukkad natak to end tobacco menace", "text": "KANPUR: Several events were held to mark 'no tobacco day' on Thursday. The district health authorities and the local NGOs came forward to spread awareness on the hazards of tobacco consumption. Doctors of JK Cancer Hospital conducted a special OPD for the patients. Special food symposium was also organized for oral cancer sufferers.The experts of the hospital distributed 'Amrit' and 'Oorja', the substitutes of paan masala and tobacco to the patients.The district health authorities and the volunteers of the Red Cross Society formed a human chain outside UHM Hospital to spread awareness on the harmful effects of tobacco. Various health officials, chief medical officer, nodal officer of tobacco control cell, several doctors and members of Red Cross Society formed part of the chain.Doctors of Indian Medical Association burned the effigy of tobacco and its products at the IMA Hall and took out a parade.Members of 'Surabhi Sanskritik Avam Samajik Sanstha' presented a 'nukkad natak' to spread awareness on ill-effects of tobacco consumption. Titled as 'Yamraj ka aagman', the play was based on the destruction of a family destruction where the maximum members were tobacco addicts.The play was staged outside the emergency ward of Ursula Horsman Hospital.The cadets of 55th battalion of NCC took out a tobacco awareness rally. It was flagged off from Pandu Nagar state industrial training institution. The cadets raised slogans on tobacco awareness and distributed pamphlets to the people.The authorities of Kamlapat Singhania Memorial Hospital organized a symposium on 'say no to tobacco' in the hospital. The experts said that different departments like health, education, home and transport need to work in tandem to curb the menace.According to a survey conducted Global Adult Tobacco, 53.5% people of the state consume tobacco.Doctors of Arogyadhaam organized a special health camp for creating awareness to quit the use of tobacco. The camp was attended by a large number of people who got tips how to quit 'paan masala' and tobacco by the homeopathic experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696660", "title": "Cub shares space with full-grown tiger in 'rescue centre' tent", "text": "NAGPUR: The Chorbahuli incident has once again highlighted the dire need for a rescue and treatment centre for wild animals in the city.In the past four years, over a dozen carnivores including injured leopards and tigers have been brought to the city for treatment from the forest areas. However, due to lack of a rescue centre, wildlife has been suffering.The four-month-old cub is being treated in a makeshift enclosure in the forest department's nursery at Seminary Hills. The enclosure, which is like a collapsible shamiana, itself had been hurriedly put up on April 26 after another tiger was brought for treatment from Palasgoan outside Tadoba Tiger Reserve in Chandrapur district. It was found caught in a trap laid by poachers near a waterhole. While one wildcat died in this incident a third one managed to escape.Both, the Palasgaon tiger and the Chorbahuli female cub have been placed in separate cages but in the same shamiana.A proposal for a rescue centre in Gorewada has been pending with the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) for two years but no serious efforts have been made by the state government to get it through.Gorewada is a suitable location as it centrally located from all national parks and wildlife sanctuaries in Vidarbha and rescued or trapped animal can be shifted in 5 hours at the proposed centre.Gorewada is well connected by roads. Besides, the city has good team of wildlife vets with the Maharashtra Animal Husbandry and Fisheries University (MAFSU).The centre can help treat all seized, rescued, sick or injured animals and will subsequently ensure their release. The centre will also be helpful to carry out study and scientific research on behaviour of the rescued animals.\"With excessive cattle and human population and urbanization being main reasons for conflicts between humans and wild animals, cases of straying tigers and panthers will increase in future,\" said conservationist Kishor Rithe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695841", "title": "Govt likely to restore old names of 5 districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP government will soon consider restoring all original names of five districts, which were created by the previous Mayawati regime and named them mainly after dalit icons. An assurance to this effect was given by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in a clarification sought by senior Congress leader Pramod Tiwari.The five districts, accordingly will be known as Amethi, Hapur, Shamli, Hathras and Sambhal. The explanation given for renaming these districts is that they are well known by their original names and these names are also in accordance to the popular feeling of local people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13695062", "title": "Time to put out the butt", "text": "RANCHI: According to Global Adult Tobacco Survey India 2009-2010, current tobacco users in Jharkhand accounts for 50.1%, of which tobacco smokers are 9.6%.About 22.7% of adults are exposed to second hand smoke at public places and about 42.4% people are trying to give up smoking.Apart from these, the average cigarette expenditure per month for an individual amounts to Rs 181.40 and average bidi expenditure per month is Rs 46.60.The theme of this year's World No Tobacco Day is - \"Stop tobacco industry interference\". The campaign focuses on the need to expose and counter the tobacco industries and its attempts to undermine the World Heath Organization (WHO) framework on tobacco control.Speaking at a workshop organized at Namkom by state tobacco control cell of Jharkhand, K Vidyasagar, principal secretary of department of health and family welfare, said, \"Effective implem- entation of tobacco control strategies calls for coordination and greater involvement of relevant ministries /departments like women and child development, youth affairs and many such institutions who are major stakeholders including the NGOs, civil groups and panchayati raj institutions.\"Advocating the effective implementation of tobacco control laws, Aradhana Patnaik, mission director of National Rural Health Mission said, \"World No Tobacco Day 2012 will educate policy makers and the general public about the harmful effects of tobacco.Praveen Chandra, director in chief of Jharkhand health services asked the district nodal officers for TB control to generate awareness about the ill effects of tobacco-related diseases among the public.In the end, XISS professor Raj Shree Verma highlighted the different tactics used by tobacco industries and said, \"Tobacco industry interference is a threat to public health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694490", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy govt scraps Gali Janardhana Reddy's Brahmani Steels project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Exactly five years after late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy signed the MoU with mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy to set up Brahmani Steels in Jammalamadugu in the backward Kadapa district, the Congress government on Thursday night scrapped the Brahmani Steels project and cancelled the MoU.Distancing itself further from the late CM's controversial projects and schemes, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in a late night move issued GO 99 cancelling the project, promoted by Jaganmohan Reddy's friend Janardhana Reddy, who is cooling his heels in a Bangalore jail in connection with the OMC illegal mining case. A senior official said the Brahmani Industries Ltd (BIL) did not implement the project as per schedule and hence, the government took the decision to terminate the project. \"After careful examination of the field inspection report on the progress of the project and in consultation with various departments, the government has come to this conclusion,\" the official added. Then YSR government signed the MoU with Gali's firm on May 21, 2007, to set up a mega steel plant and provide jobs to thousands of unemployed youth. Sources said the government is yet to take a decision on taking back over 14,000 acres of land allotted to BIL.Though Brahmani Steel claims to have incurred an expenditure of over Rs 1,350 crore out of the Rs 4,430 crore of investment proposed on the project that was to take off by December 2009, the project largely remained a non-starter, a senior official said.After BIL was set up, Gali said the integrated steel plant would produce two million tonnes of steel per annum and promised to take its full production capacity to 10 million tonnes by 2017.He also promised employment to 10,000 people directly and creating another 1,00,000 jobs indirectly. The YSR government had offered several concessions and benefits to the project in the form of granting of land at cheap rate and diverting water from various sources, which was opposed by political parties.The land allotted to Brahmani included 4,000 acres for an airport within the steel project premises. Apart from allotting 2 tmc of water, the government had also allotted iron ore mines of around 68 hectares near Obulapuram in Anantapur district for captive purposes. Gali was running a mining mafia from his Obulapuram mines in D Hirehal mandal before he was arrested. He had promised to shift the iron ore from the mines to the BIL steel plant.In March, CAG found fault with the government for alienating government land in an extent of 3,115 acres in Ambavaram village in Jammalamadugu mandal to BIL for setting up a commercial airport and flying academy in violation of the government policy. It also rapped the government over allotment of 10,760 acres to Brahmani for the integrated steel unit, which involved alienation of 674 acres of water bodies.In fact, BIL faced much flak after it pledged 10,760 acres of land to a private bank in Proddatur for obtaining a loan of Rs 350 crore. The district collector filed a complaint in Jammalamadugu police station and a chargesheet was filed on March 22, 2012, against P Ranga Reddy, project in-charge, BIL, under section 177 of IPC for furnishing false information. The case is under investigation.The issue of allocation of water to Brahmani Steels at the expense of Rayalaseema Thermal Power Project (RTPS) also invited ire from parties. TDP president Chandrababu Naidu had charged the government with showing undue favours to Brahmani Steels, alleging that Jagan had business interests in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13700356", "title": "No shows at the Ambareesh Sambhrama", "text": "While Ragini Dwivedi and Deepa Sannidhi did not turn up due to ill-health, Risheeka Singh missed her big moment while still in the green roomRagini Dwivedi, who had promised a surprise act (she couldn't dance owing to an injury), failed to turn up for the Ambareesh Sambhrama on Tuesday. \"I was to do four performances. But my injury, which I hoped would heal by then, got worse as I exerted myself a lot the previous week for my birthday, when I attended the muhurat of my new film. I wanted to at least come and watch the programme, but I was in too much pain. In fact, I had been to the hospital that morning to get puss removed from the wound,\" says Ragini, adding that she was disappointed that she could not make it to the event.Actor Deepa Sannidhi was also a no show. \"I was not feeling well and hence did not come for the event. Anyway, I was not expected to perform,\" she says.And while Ragini and Deepa were not present at the venue, Risheeka Singh missed out on her big chance to perform for Ambareesh, and an audience including Rajinikanth , when she missed her cue to come to the stage. \"Risheeka was still in the green room when she was called for her turn to perform. She assumed that she still had time, and continued to get ready. When the choreographer realized that Risheeka would delay the schedule, he decided to make the last person on stage, Sanjjanaa, go back and do some impromptu steps along with Chiranjeevi Sarja, who was to have danced with Risheeka,\" says a source.Sanjjanaa confirms the incident. \"I feel sorry for Risheeka, because she had rehearsed for the performance. But when Chiru and the choreographer asked me to bail them out, I just went ahead and obliged them. I am an actor and I know to fake it, so I did my best to ensure that the audience does not know that anything is amiss,\" says Sanjjanaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696162", "title": "Lalrokhuma Pachau is new Karnataka police chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Lalrokhuma Pachau was on Thursday appointed director general and inspector general of police, a charge he'll hold concurrently with that of director general of police, Criminal Investigation Department (CID).Pachau replaced AR Infant, who retired on Thursday. With Rupak Kumar Dutta, who headed CID till now, expected to join the Central Bureau of Investigation as an additional director, Pachau was also handed charge of the investigating agency.Pachau's appointment is said to be ad hoc, though he's likely to be the permanent choice after the state government completes a few formalities.Om Prakash , additional DGP (grievances and human rights cell), has been promoted as DGP (fire and emergency services, home guards and civil defence). Infant was concurrently holding this post.MN Reddi has been promoted as DGP with additional charge as chairman of Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation (KSPHC). He's also MD, KSPHC. Shankar Bidari retired as chairman, KSPHC.He vows to make his force a role modelAfter taking over from Infant, Pachau said he has immense confidence in his fellow officers and they'll certainly join him in his endeavour to make the state police force one of the best in the country.Pachau, who headed Mizoram police for four-and-a-half years, said he has the experience of overcoming a turbulent period in the north-eastern state. \"I succeeded in adverse situations with help from my fellow officers. I expect the same cooperation from my colleagues in the state of my cadre, Karnataka ,\" he added.Infant said he is retiring from a rewarding and satisfying career. \"The last six months have been traumatic with the long-drawn legal battle. Justice prevailed in the end but it took sometime. Despite the disturbances, I feel I had an extremely wonderful career,\" he said.AN OFFICER &amp; NOBLE MANFifty-seven-year-old Pachau, who hails from Mizoram, is a 1979-batch IPS officer of Karnataka cadre. Pachau is described by his predecessor, Infant, as a \"noble man\".|Starting his career as assistant superintendent of police (ASP) in Madhugiri subdivision of Tumkur district on February 9, 1980, he moved to Gulbarga subdivision in 1981. He was first posted in 1982 as district police chief in Karwar.Among the prominent posts he has held is that of Lokayukta SP, DIG of state intelligence and additional commissioner of Bangalore police. Deputed to his home-state in 1988, he returned to hold the post of additional director of Karnataka Lokayukta in 2005-07 . He was Mizoram police chief since 2007 till he returned to his cadre state earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696094", "title": "New system for timely salaries to aided school teachers", "text": "PANAJI: After a delay of more than 20 days in issuing salaries for the month of April to teachers of aided schools, the teachers have been issued salaries before time in May as they called on the new director of education D P Dwivedi and chief minister Manohar Parrikar for their intervention in rectifying the system.A new system has now been put in place to issue salaries to teachers of private management-run government aided schools, which replaces the long-drawn process followed so far. The new system will mean that the salary grant by the state is directly deposited into the accounts of the schools and from there the salaries will be issued to teachers each month.Vithoba Desai, president of the All Goa Secondary School Teachers Association, said, \"It was our long pending demand to shift to the new simplified system to issue salaries to us. When the chief minister heard that our salaries were delayed last month, when the shift from the old to the new system was taking place, he contacted me immediately and assured to resolve our grievance. I am very grateful to him as teachers were suffering with a long delay in salaries that coincided with their vacations.\"He added, \"With the new system in place, we received our salaries before the scheduled date in May.\"\"Teachers would face problems especially during vacations and festivals, when they most needed the salaries but they wouldn't reach them on time. The issue has finally been resolved with cooperation from the director of education and the chief minister and efforts of the teachers' association,\" Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13696417", "title": "Indo-Bangla border to be sealed soon: Assam minister", "text": "SILCHAR: Union minister of state for home Jitendra Singh has said porous areas along the India-Bangladesh border in the state will be sealed soon in view of fear of security threat to the life and property of people living in such areas.The Union minister on Wednesday said some areas along the border are porous because of the absence of a fence. The minister visited the bordering areas in the Mizoram-Cachar Frontier and took stock of the situation there.The minister added that the long stretch of border along Karimganj town in the Barak Valley is yet to be fenced. The problem is that a vast area of the thickly populated Indian border town, including important government and business establishments, will have to be barricaded out in course of the fencing, which should be erected 150 yards away from the zero point of the actual border. \"I will take it up with the government after going back to Delhi. I'm sure there will be a solution with full cooperation with our Bangladesh counterpart. Till then, there will be no security problem under the constant vigil of the BSF,\" said Singh.The minister also visited Bhanga, Steamerghat and Sutarkandi border outposts (BOP) of BSF by a speed boat. He inspected the 14-km stretch of the 92-km international border with Bangladesh in Assam's Karimganj district. Singh was apprised of the problems being faced by BSF jawans responsible for guarding this part of the border. He took stock of river erosion which has made the job of BSF increasingly difficult and dangerous, particulary in the Barak Valley.The erosion of river banks along the border has led to the collapse of the barbed wire fence and damaged roads and border lines in many areas, including Cherulbhag and Jabainpur villages in Karimganj district, making patrolling difficult.The BSF men demanded that they should be equipped with modern gadgets to guard the borders. They also sought better accommodation facilities. The Union minister assured them of doing his best to address the problems. The minister, later, reached BSF's Mizoram-Cachar Frontier headquarters at Mashimpur near Silchar and had a meeting with senior BSF officers, including officiating inspector general of BSF (Mizoram-Cachar Frontier) D K Tripathi.On Tuesday, the Union minister reached Mizoram where he visited BSF BOPs at Demagiri, South Phuldengsei and Kaislam. After a night halt at Raj Bhavan in Aizawl , Singh on Wednesday morning visited theCounter Insurgency and Jungle Warfare School (CIJW) at Vairengte, Mizoram, a training and research establishment of theIndian Army, specializing in unconventional warfare, especially counter-insurgency and guerrilla warfare.While India shares 4,096-km border with Bangladesh, of which 2,980-km lies is land and 1,116 km riverine, the northeast shares a 1,880-km border with the neighbouring country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694781", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board\u2019s plea to revise water tariff rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday rejected the Secunderabad Cantonment Board's request to revise water tariff.In an official communique, principal secretary, municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department, B Sam Bob said that there would be no revision in water tariff.The government fixed the tariff at Rs 13.50 per K L (up to agreed quantity rate) for SCB. The HMWS&SB; has categorised the Cantonment Board under 'outside GHMC area' along with housing colonies/gated community.As per the revised water tariff, the Cantonment Board has to pay Rs 13.50 per KL as water charge and Rs 54 per KL above the agreed quantity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695838", "title": "Experts differ on CWC action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The curious story of Azad Hussain - the good Samaritan who is now under the police scanner because of a CWC order - has drawn a mixed response from independent observers and legal experts. While some feel that a probe into the allegations by the child Hussain restored to his family about being beaten up by the kabadiwallah or being asked to work is needed, others say there is no conclusive evidence against Azad and any proceedings against the man would amount to unnecessary harassment.\"This is a peculiar case. The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) is well within its right to order a police inquiry if the rescued child has made certain allegations against the person. But, on the other hand, if the version of the man who brought up him for two years is correct - that he treated him like his own children, sent him to school and always tried to unite the child with his biological parents - is correct, it's serious harassment. It is great injustice to him,\" said A P Shah, former Chief Justice of Delhi H C.A CWC official said that whenever any child is rescued or recovered, a medical examination is conducted to rule out any foul play and then the child is produced before a magistrate for recording his or her statement. \"Missing children are produced before CWC because they are in need of care and protection and in order to decide on the custody of the child. The child, in this case, told the magistrate that he was beaten by the man and was made to work. The case was forwarded to us and we asked the police to investigate the matter as per law,\" the official said, pointing out that the person had not been pronounced guilty yet.The well-known retired judge of Delhi High Court S N Dhingra was, however, critical of the CWC. \"The CWC should have assessed the seriousness of the charges levelled by the child against the rescuer rather than ordering a police inquiry immediately. It is insensitive on the part of the child rights body,\" he said.\"Today, when an accident takes place, few people come forward to help the victim, fearing that police may question them for suspected involvement. Nobody wants to get harassed like this. Azad's case just proves them right.\"Delhi's women and child development minister Kiran Walia said going by circumstantial evidence, there was no reason to doubt the intention of the rescuer. \"The fact that Azad brought up this child for two years, sent him to school and made extra efforts to look for his biological parents shows his intentions were right. I feel that ordering a police inquiry without any conclusive proof of continuous abuse or harassment is unwarranted. We will look into the case,\" she said.The Malviya Nagar police have said they will be following the CWC order and record statements of neighbours of both the boy's father, Iqbal , who stays in Delhi's Savitri Nagar, and Azad. \"We are now studying the statement of the child recorded before the magistrate. We are trying to find out if there was any malafide intention in the conduct of Azad. As of now, we have found that he truly wanted to reunite the child with his family. We will contact Gurgaon police and find out if the recovery of the child was conveyed to them by Azad and his family and whether these policemen have often restored the child back to the family whenever he ran off. We will register a case of were are convinced of any evil intention,'' said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695405", "title": "In Morena district, lawlessness is order of the day", "text": "BHOPAL: As lawlessness prevails in the ravine-ravaged Morena district, mining mafia stepped up its activities of illegal mining of sand and stone. Besides, the mafia has been continuously striking the police at will.\"It's a complete lawlessness in Morena,\" say top sources of the home department in disgust. \"Mafia men feel emboldened as there has not been a single conviction in the district for the past one year,\" they said.Now, the government plans to send reinforcement in the district to check mafia men. DGP Nandan Dube says, \"More companies of the Special Armed Force (SAF) would be sent to Morena.\"On May 28, mafia men even killed a head constable of the neighbouring Dholpur district in Rajasthan. In retaliation on the intervening night on May 30 and 31, a joint force of 300-plus strong police force raided neighbouring villages of Morena, but failed to find out the accused.The month of May in Morena had been quite bad for the men in khakhi. Besides a number of small incidents, senior police officials have been targeted. The successor of Narendra Singh, the SDO (P) Banmore, who was ran over by a tractor-trolley carrying illegal stone, had a narrow escape on May 5 when he was chasing two tractor-trollies.\"After a tip-off, I started chasing two tractor-trollies carrying stones,\" Sunil Shivhare, SDO (P) Banmore told TOI, \"both the trollies were driven recklessly and we were not being allowed to overtake them,\" he remembers reminding of the incident of March 9 when the young IPS officer Narendra Singh was killed. Besides Sunil, two jeeps carrying two inspectors were also chasing them.\"Suddenly one of the tractor driver activated the hydraulic system of the trolley and unloaded the stones surprising cops chasing them. We applied brakes, else we would have rammed into the heap of stones unloaded through the hydraulic trolley.\" And by the time we managed to save ourselves, they fled, he said.The DGP said more companies of the SAF would be sent to Morena soon to strengthen the policing.\"We had 5 companies in Morena, half of them were withdrawn to send them to the Naxal-hit Balaghat. Now, we will restore the SAF presence to the same 5 companies,\" he said.May in MorenaMay 5: SDO (P) Banmore had a miraculous escape when he along with police force chased two tractor trollies.May 8: SHO of Chinmoni police station Hitendra Rathor was attacked by sand mafia.May 24: Civil lines thana K S Awasthi was attacked by sand mafia carrying illegally excavated sand from Chambal river.May 28: Head constable of Dholpur Mahendra Singh was ran over by a tractor-trolly, his colleague Virendra was severely injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696097", "title": "Zilla panchayats almost non-entities: Jayant Salgaocar", "text": "PANAJI: A sense of frustration and helplessness has come over the North Goa zilla panchayat (ZP) members due to the old problem of lack of powers and funds and while some members are reluctant to attend meetings, quite a few are even considering quitting from the ZP, NGZP chairperson Jayant Salgaocar told TOI.Salgaocar said the members' reluctance to attend meetings is justified by their sentiments \"What can we discuss? There is no work to do,\" or \"every time we make the same old hue and cry about no powers and funds.\"At a recent programme to felicitate Michael Lobo, former NGZP member who won the assembly elections and became an MLA, Lobo openly revealed that he had planned to quit the NGZP if he had not won the elections because he could not do any work in the zilla body.\"Other members are also thinking of quitting. They know they won't get a second chance. How can we go back to the voters and ask for votes when we have done nothing?\" Salgaocar asked.The chairperson also revealed that MLAs are not allowing grants or functions to be given to the zilla bodies. \"They (MLAs) are scared that if we do work, we will become popular with the people,\" Salgaocar said.In the first quarter of the present financial year, each member of the NGZP got 6.30 lakh each. Last year, for the corresponding period, each member had got 7.5 lakh, said Salgaocar, adding that each member has to utilize that amount for three months to satisfy between five to eight villages. \"Now with the increase in GSR rates, we have to do the same work in phases,\" Salgaocar said.As chairman of the NGZP, Salgaocar has also been nominated chairman of the government-constituted district planning committee (DPC), which has to collect plans from the village panchayats, compile one comprehensive plan and present it to the government by enlisting the priorities. Salgaocar also said that as NGZP chairman, he is also the chairman of the district rural development agency (RDA).While in other states the RDA comes under the zilla panchayat, in Goa it is only on paper. Salgaocar said no functions of the RDA are given to the NGZP but he is required to sign the annual audit of the district rural development agency. \"This year, the members and I have decided not to sign any RDA papers. They must give us some functions. People have voted for us and expect us to do development. But we cannot perform,\" Salgaocar said.The chairperson sees a ray of hope in the new chief minister. He led a delegation of his members to meet Manohar Parrikar and also the panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar just before the budget session of the legislative assembly. Salgaocar said Parrikar promised to increase the NGZP's infrastructure budget. Knowing that various elections and the accompanying codes of conduct delayed the government's decisions, Salgaocar said NGZP members are waiting for the monsoon session of the assembly to see what the government will do for them. They are also hopeful that their former colleague Michael Lobo and other sympathetic MLAs like Vishnu Wagh will intercede with the government on their behalf, Salgaocar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699745", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha: I don't have a personal life", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha has been in the limelight since making her debut with Dabangg in 2010, be it for her figure or the men she is supposed to be dating.With four of her films due to hit the theatres this year, the 24-year-old actress says she does not have a personal life and would rather talk about her films.\"I want to be talked about for the films I am doing than a party I attended, the dress I wore and the men I may have met and dated. In any case, by and large I think I have spoken about more for the profession I am in than my personal life. That's the way I like it because frankly, I don't really have a personal life to begin with,\" Sonakshi told PTI.When asked how she deals with all the talking about her, she said, \"One thing which I know about this world of glamour is that it is better to have people talking about you than not being talked about at all. It is okay, they are doing their job; I would continue to do mine. I can't have control over what others think or say about you.\"The daughter of actor-politician Shatrughan Sinha has quite a hectic schedule as four of her films Rowdy Rathore, Joker, Son of Sardar and Dabangg 2 are in the offing.\"You feel stressed when you think that you are working. When I am doing movies, I don't feel that way at all. When I wake up in the morning and then get dressed up for the job, I feel good because this is what I want. I am the happiest that way and honestly, if at all I get a day or two off, I get restless,\" Sonakshi said.The actress also said that she is happy to be balancing her career by making some well thought of choices, like Rowdy Rathore opposite Akhay Kumar. The film is the Hindi remake of Telugu film Vikramarkudu .\"When I watch a film, I watch it as an audience instead of thinking as an actor or an intellectual. I see whether it made me laugh, get involved or shocked me at certain points. Something has to stir inside me.\"This is what Vikramarkudu, the original Telugu version of Rowdy Rathore, did to me. I enjoyed it's masaledaar flavour every bit as it was pretty much packed with action, romance, drama and comedy. I knew there and then that it was a great film to be a part of,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695592", "title": "Two mine contractors sent to judicial custody", "text": "JAIPUR: Two lease owners were sent to judicial custody on Thursday after a labourer was killed and three others seriously injured in a mine collapse at Asojai village in Harmara police station area. The police arrested the owners on Wednesday. \"The accused, Narendra Singh and Giriraj Singh, were sent to judicial custody after producing in the court,\" said circle inspector of Harmara police station, Anoop SinghGanesh Nayran, uncle of a victim, Durgalal, who was killed in the accident, filed a compliant at Harmara police station late on Tuesday night. The police then registered a case under Section 304 (Culpable homicide not amounting to murder), Section 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others) and Section 387 (Putting person in fear of death or of grievous hurt, in order to commit extortion) against the lease owners of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13695575", "title": "'Many drivers hit the bottle'", "text": "Hailing from Bikaner in Rajasthan, Deshraj Rajput (30) gets only two days with his family after a gruelling 10-day road trip.Every month, he has to complete three such cycles that start and end at Bikaner, delivering goods to Taloja industrial estate and in Ludhiana in Punjab.Sometimes he has to go to Jammu and Guwahati for additional trips. At Taloja, Deshraj had a stopover for lunch at 2pm and was on his way to Ludhiana. \"I drive 500 km a day. The job is stressful. Around 85% of truck drivers take to drinking or other addictions like narcotics due to mental and physical fatigue,\" said Deshraj.However, he proudly says he and his cleaner abstain from intoxicants. He has been driving for a decade, but he says the number of dedicated drivers was depleting fast.\"I get Rs 10,000 as monthly salary and travelling allowance separately from the owner. My family of six finds it tough to manage monthly expenses,\" he said.Deshraj's every trip of ten days involves driving of nearly 2,000 km which means approximately 6,000 km per month. \"We don't get extra money even if we drive more and neither do we face a cut in case of delay. Mostly the delays are caused by strikes as we can't afford to be late as it ultimately affects us financially,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13702646", "title": "'Cinema is my life,' says Bala", "text": "Actor Bala, who is debuting as a director, says movies are his life. \"I took up this project not to make money. Cinema for me is a creative endeavour, nothing more, nothing less,\" says Bala, adding that he has ended spending at least half of his hard earned money on the project.\"However, that doesn't matter to me. This project gives me a lot of satisfaction as an artist. I am not too much bothered about the audience reaction at this stage. I am giving it my best shot,\" says Bala, who has completed almost 70 percent of the shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696113", "title": "Lucky's statement to be sent to Sweden for translation", "text": "PANAJI: After failing to get an authorized translator in India to translate the statement of Lucky Farmhouse, former girlfriend of alleged Israeli drug dealer Yaniv Benaim alias Atala, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is awaiting necessary approvals from the government to send her statement to Sweden for its English translation.Speaking to mediapersons, CBI SP S S Gavli said that the CBI is in the process of getting her statement translated as there is no recognized Swedish translation agency in India who can accurately translate it into English. Gavli said the CBI will send her statement to the Indian embassy in Sweden soon.The 23-page statement, predominantly in Swedish, will cost the CBI over Rs one lakh to translate into English, said sources. CBI received Farmhouse's statement from the Swedish embassy in March. CBI had issued a letter rogatory to Swedish authorities to record Farmhouse's statement after her expose of Atala's links with Goa police and her claims that a local politician's son was also involved in the drugs case. This had led to an uproar in the state, a court case and a CBI inquiry.A model by profession, Lucky used a spy cam to expose her former boyfriend, Atala's, links with personnel of the Goa police. She had uploaded recordings exposing the police nexus with the Israeli national on an internet website.This resulted in Atala and six policemen being arrested for their links to the mafia in March, 2010. The model has also claimed in the past that she has in her possession more spy cam videos which shows the son of a state politician having links with the drug mafia in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13693707", "title": "Dacoity case: CB arrests Thadiyantavide Nazeer", "text": "KOCHI: The crime branch team probing the dacoity case, involving suspected Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) activists, at Kizhakkambalam, on Thursday arrested suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer who is said to be the mastermind behind the dacoity case.The team led by detective inspector Biju K Stephen met Nazeer at Ernakulam sub-jail, where he has been lodged in connection with the trial of various terror cases.Police sources said that the team reached the sub-jail in the afternoon and formally recorded the arrest of Nazeer in the dacoity case. \"We have recorded the formal arrest of Nazeer in the case and an application will be moved in the court seeking his police custody for detailed interrogation,\" the officials said.The investigation team also took the two accused - K P Shabeer and Ismail alias Bomb Ismail - who are in their custody to various places in the district as part of evidence collection. The accused were also taken to the residence of another suspect Thajuddin, at Vedimara near Paravoor where they prepared bombs which were hurled at the spot where the jewellery owner was attacked on June 20, 2002 and his bag containing 2.25 kg of gold was looted.\"Some of the witnesses have identified Ismail. The team will seek the support of Bangalore police in the case as a few suspects in the case have links with those who have been arrested by the Bangalore police in connection with the Bangalore serial bomb blasts case,\" the officials said.The arrest of the two suspected LeT activists in connection with the dacoity case has brought to light the various criminal activities undertaken by the LeT in Kerala for raising funds to fuel their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695335", "title": "No filling of Maheshwar water reservoir, says green tribunal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Green Tribunal on Thursday stopped the filling up of water reservoir at Maheshwar dam power project in Madhya Pradesh for which the Union environment ministry had given the nod recently.The NGT bench headed by the tribunal's chairperson Justice A S Naidu ordered a status quo on the proposal for partially filling up the reservoir up to 154 meters.The government had faced tremendous internal pressure to give the clearance for closing the gates on the dam on river Narmada despite fears of protests breaking out in the region against the move.The order came in the case filed by two villagers protesting that the submergence would leave to damage to life and livelihood. The project has always been mired in concerns about resettlement and rehabilitation.The status quo is to be maintained as the NGT hears the case. As the tribunal will be on a month long vacation, project developers Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Limited, a company of the S Kumar group, could miss its trial runs this season.The particular hydro-electric project is one of the bigger dams out of more than 150 planned as part of the Narmada Valley Development Project.The environment ministry on May 1 had altered its previous orders allowing the gates on the reservoir to be closed increasing the water level after the state administration had certified that it would not cause submergence of any villages. Earlier, the ministry had contended that it would permit the construction of the gates but not allow them to be closed down until it was satisfied about the rehabilitation and resettlement situation.But the petitioners presented the case that the government assurance was based on false evidence. They claimed that the filling up of reservoir would lead to several villages turning into islands with lives heavily impacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695494", "title": "\u2018Bankruptcy of Jaipur Municipal Corporation'", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Mahesh Bhagwati on Thursday heavily came down on Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) for giving lame excuses for not cleaning the city.\"The excuses of paucity of staff, deficiency of funds etc are self-created bankruptcy of JMC. Otherwise, corporations in other states are doing well. We understand the reason why this is happening. You need to improve your functioning,\" said Justice Mishra.\"There is a good source of earning in the form of taxes etc but the corporation is not inclined to utilize its potential. The corruption in the system need to be checked to get more gain out of the available resources,\" observed Justice Bhagwati. The matter came up on an appeal filed by a senior lawyer of the high court, Vimal Choudhary. Choudhary has alleged that the area behind Birla Mandir where he is residing, has been used for years as an open urinal and for attending nature's call, giving the city a bad shape. CEO, JMC, Loknath Soni was present in the court who said that a one-tier system for cleaning the city, as suggested by petitioner Vimal Choudhary, is acceptable to JMC.On a plea being raised by JMC counsel that there is paucity of staff to undertake cleanliness, the bench observed, \"JMC creates problems of its own. We know how the fake muster rolls are created and favourites are favoured resulting in further problems. We will pass a detailed order separately as per the suggestions given by Vimal Choudhary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hours after he was released, rajendra rathore talks to toi about the case, his life in jail and future plans. excerpts", "code": "13695282", "title": "Ashok Gehlot on a spree to remove his political opponents: Rajendra Rathore", "text": "Hours after he was released, Rajendra Rathore talks to TOI about the case, his life in jail and future plans. Excerpts:Q. Why were you targeted? A. Ashok Gehlot is on a spree to remove his political opponents. First he got Mahipal Maderna arrested and then using CBI he got me arrested. His plan is to put a division between communities and garner votes.Q. Who is behind the conspiracy? A. The state government and the liquor mafias. During the last assembly election, the CM sought help from a particular liquor businessman and promised to do anything for him if he comes to power. Never in the history has the contract for Doda post been given to one company for three consecutive years. When our party was in power, we framed polices that hampered the businesses of all these mafias and in revenge we are being targeted.Q. What will be your next step? A. We will go to the people and tell them all the misdeeds of this government. We will tell them how political rivals are being targeted. There is wide spread corruption in this government with some companies getting undue advantage.Q. Will it be your yatra? A. Will not term it as yatra but after consulting with the party will go to people.Q. There are allegations that Jats in the state are against you. Any comment? A. It is all manufactured. On my birthday, of the 9600 people who donated blood, more than 60% were Jats. Even today, a lot many people from the community came from the villages to see me. I am an MLA from the constituency which has the largest representation of Jats. Will contest from the same seat and win again from there.Q. You have old parents and a big family. How do you managed to keep the hopes and fighting spirit alive in your family? A. It wasn't me who kept them strong but they were the ones who supported me in my tough times. My father who underwent an operation a month before my arrest told me to keep on fighting.Q. How was your experience in jail? A. It was not easy to spend days inside the jail. But I got opportunity to read books on the Constitution, the penal court and 'Freedom at Night'. Also I witnessed that there are many worlds inside the jail. But I guess I am more strong than before and my days in the jail taught me not to lose confidence but keep fighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13694444", "title": "Transfer of babus as per norm: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Transfer of senior civil servants continues to be a bone of contention between the Delhi government and the Union home ministry.On a day when home minister P Chidambaram made it clear that the transfers were being executed \"strictly according to norms and guidelines\" and there was nothing political about it, members of the Delhi Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands Civil Service Officers Association (Danics) met Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit seeking reprieve and later wrote to the home ministry seeking urgent intervention to review the transfers.The transfer orders of 25 Danics officers were issued on Tuesday and nearly eight senior IAS officers are expected to be posted out in a day or two. In April, over 30 officials were posted out.Although Chidambaram appears in no mood to dilute the orders, Dikshit has not given up hope and assured the Danics members on Thursday that she was trying her best to keep the administration in order. Chief secretary P K Tripathi went to the home ministry to discuss the issue for the second consecutive day.Chidambaram, however, said on Thursday, \"The transfers are strictly according to norms and guidelines. The home secretary has assured me that he scrupulously followed the norms and guidelines.\" He also said there were difference of views on the transfer of one or two officers and a solution will be worked out soon.A leeter by Danics officers to the home minister, the secretary, home affairs; and the Delhi chief secretary says, \"We submit the following issues for immediate attention. Transfer orders of Danics officers who have been posted for the second time in the same grade may be withdrawn. Officers should be posted against sanctioned posts. A cadre review may be carried out and institutionalize some mechanism for consultation before taking unilateral decisions adversely affecting service conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694798", "title": "Liquor scam: Time running out for Anti-Corruption Bureau", "text": "HYDERABAD: Armed with statements from white ration card holders having liquor licences, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths have intensified their efforts in gathering evidence to expose the nexus between liquor syndicate leaders and excise staff. The ACB is supposed to submit a status report to the AP high court on June 11.During the probe into the liquor scam, ACB investigators discovered that several white ration card holders had bagged liquor licences across the state, including Hyderabad. After gathering details of all such people, ACB has served notices on over 1,500 such 'poor' liquor shop owners to appear before the agency.Initially, there was not much response from the white ration card-holding liquor shop owners, but after ACB tightened the screws and directed the excise department not to release stocks unless the 'owner' of the shop directly comes to purchase liquor, things started falling in place. While exerting pressure, ACB sleuths specifically focused on those working as benamis for syndicate leaders such as Nunna Venkata Ramana and Balraj Goud.\"For the last one month, the white ration card holders began coming forward to record their statements with the ACB. The response is good. So far, about 700 people turned up before the investigating officers,\" an ACB officer said. The official also added that not all white ration card holders were benamis as some had fraudulently obtained the card claiming to be poor.Even the real benamis, who finally had to present themselves before the investigating officers (IO), were not willing to divulge the name of their syndicate leader, an ACB source said. When they were threatened of cancellation of the ration card and arrest, most of them revealed the names of the real shop owners.However, as the ration card holders could retract their statement claiming it was 'under duress', ACB sleuths began gathering evidence to expose the benami-syndicate-excise staff nexus through the network's trusted common contact person. \"Majority of the syndicate leaders run the racket through managers, who lift stocks from depots, drop it at shops and pay bribe to excise staff. Benami shop owners never figure in these operations. Hence, it is difficult to nab the syndicate leader,\" said a source.So, using the evidence already gathered like statements of benamis and auction records, ACB is now trying to put the final nail in the coffin by linking the frequent contact of 'manager' of syndicate owners with excise staff and other parties concerned.ACB is also planning to go ahead with the option of arresting non-cooperative white card holders under the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"Some white ration card licencees have been identified and a few shops have already been sealed by the excise department. However, the emphasis is not on closing the shops, but on nailing the syndicate leaders,\" another ACB officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696726", "title": "Get concessional bus passes at these points", "text": "BANGALORE: Students' concessional passes (2012-13 ) to travel by BMTC buses will be issued at 35 pass counters of the following bus stations: Kempegowda , Shivajinagar , Shanthinagar , BMTC Indiranagar depot , Domlur , Jeevan Bima Nagar , KR Puram , Kalyan Nagar , Kaval Byrasandra , Basaveshwaranagar , Vijayanagar TTMC, Chandra Layout , Kumarswamy Layout , Kengeri TTMC, Neelasandra , Hampi Nagar , Nandini Layout , Nelamangala , Chowdeshwari (Mathikere ), Vidyaranyapura , Yelahanka 5th Phase , Rajajinagar I 'N' Block, Malleswaram , Jayanagar TTMC,BTMLayout ,Electronics City depot , Koramangala TTMC, KR Market , Yeshwantpur TTMC, Kadugodi , Banashankari TTMC, Bannerghatta TTMC and Chandapura . The counters will be open from 8am to 5pm on all working days.Primary, secondary and high school students can apply from June 4; I and II PU students from June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694544", "title": "Ex-Bengal MP's wife falls prey to chain snatcher", "text": "KOLKATA: A miscreant snatched the gold chain of a former MP's wife right outside her house in Salt Lake's AA Block on Thursday morning. The victim, wife of former CPM MP Prof Radhika Ranjan Pramanik, lodged a complaint at Bidhannagar (north) police station. But nobody had been arrested till evening. This is fourth incident of theft in the township within a month.In yet another crime in Salt Lake, a miscreant snatched a gold chain from a woman outside her house in the AA Block around 7.40 am on Thursday. This time round, the victim was the wife of former CPM MP Prof Radhika Ranjan Pramanik. A complaint has been lodged at the Bidhannagar (North) police station but there was no breakthrough till the evening.The incident occurred at around 7.40am on Thursday when Pramanik's wife Manjulika Pramanik, the former MP's wife, was returning from the nearby market when the incident occurred.\"We live at AA90. When I was outside AA91, I felt someone pulling my chain. I turned around and saw a youth running away with the chain. I raised an alarm but by the time people arrived, he had managed to escape through Gate No. 1. I wonder how such crimes can take place in broad daylight,\" she said.Pramanik is a five-time MP from Mathurapur. Police suspect that the snatcher was aware of the fact that Pramanik was a well-known personality. who was MP from Mathurapur for five terms, is a well known personality and the snatcher would have known this.The AA Block is close to Ultadanga and being near one of the entry and exit points to Salt Lake, it is normally crowded.This is, however, not the first incident of crime in the township in the recent past. On April 30, six robbers, including a woman, entered the AD Block residence of S S Dabla and decamped with cash and jewellery. Before leaving, the robbers also beat up members of the family. Initially, the Salt Lake police said that a Bihar-based gang was involved in the daring robbery at the Dablas' bank official's house. The police even picked up a group of youths from a slum off Prince Anwar Shah Road, who were believed to be aides of gangster Shiu Kumar Rajak. But no clues were found.There have been at least two more incidents of theft in the township even after the robbery at the house of Dabla. But surprisingly the investigators of the newly set up commissionerate are yet to make any breakthrough in either of the cases.Though the CID started a probe in the Dabla case and the police assured better security at the entry and exit points, residents are not satisfied with the results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695214", "title": "Dara Singh encounter case: CBI had only phone calls as 'evidence' against Rajendra Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: A reference to the Shivani Bhatnagar murder case by the court on Thursday suggests how the case against BJP leader Rajendra Rathore was weak right from the time he was arrested on April 5 for stage-managing Dara Singh's encounter.As the chargesheet filed by the CBI lacked any material evidence, the lawyers defending the politician were almost sure that he would be discharged. However, they said it was a \"bold\" order.The case against Rathore in the encounter case met the same fate of Shivani Bhatnagar murder case as the only 'evidence' against the politician, like IPS officer Ravi Kant Sharma, were the call details. Citing the Delhi High Court order in the this regard, the court stated that calls details could not be made basis of the conspiracy between ADG Jain and Rathore to eliminate Dara Singh as suggested by the CBI.One of Rathore's lawyers Hemant Nahata said: \"We had argued that in the Shivani Bhatnagar murder case, the Delhi High Court had observed that the nature of call details do not bear confidence in the prosecution story as it doesn't prove the physical presence of the person at a particular place. It also doesn't prove the criminal conspiracy on part of the accused.\"In the supplementary chargesheet filed against Rathore, the CBI had repeated almost all the evidences mentioned in the previous chargesheet filed against other accused seven months ago.This had raised a question why the CBI took almost 10 months to arrest Rathore when arrests of other accused had begun since March last year. The previous chargesheet was filed on June 3,2011.The major chunk of evidence against Rathore is the phone calls exchanged between him and the suspended additional DGP AK Jain. As per the chargesheet, both the accused, who have been arrested by the CBI, were in constant touch with each other through phone before and after the encounter on October 23, 2006.As per the chargesheet, Rajendra Singh Rathore spoke to Jain on October 4, 2006 following which an SOG team headed by addl SP Arshad Ali was rushed to Sikar, Rajgarh and Churu to search for Dara. Rathore called up Jain next day also following which Jain sought permission from the state government to intercept calls of Dara's friend Telia on October 6.Then Rathore made two calls to Jain on October 16 following which SOG teams were again rushed to some areas in Dara's search. On October 17, ADG Jain started the process to announce the cash reward on Dara Singh. On October 19, Rajendra Rathore called up Jain again and subsequently a liquor contractor Vijay Kumar Choudhary was arrested with Rs 6 lakh cash. The CBI says that Rathore spoke with Jain on October 25, two days after the encounter. The call lasted for about 199 seconds.After receiving call from Rathore, Jain immediately called Arshad Ali lasting about 54 seconds. On October 27, four days after the encounter, Rathore made two calls to Jain. On October 31, Jain called Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "draksharamam (east godavari)", "code": "13694850", "title": "It\u2019s all Sharmila show", "text": "DRAKSHARAMAM (EAST GODAVARI): The mother-daughter 'sympathy wave' continued to sweep through coastal district for the second day on Thursday. A day after making her debut in electoral politics, Sharmila sought mandate for a good-hearted person like Jagananna.\"It's a conspiracy to keep Jagan away from you all. He was amongst you for over two years,\" she told the crowds who clapped enthusiastically. Going a step further, she said politics in the state had hit a new low. \"Neeti leni rajakeeyalu manaku vaddu (We don't need politics of deceit. We need a leader with a 'manchi manasu' (good heart). We need to make Jagananna chief minister to save the state,\" she declared amidst loud cheers in Draksharamam town.She said the entire nation was watching the polls. \"If you vote for Jagan's party, it will mean YSR is still in the hearts of the people. Rajanna rajyam is what people want. God is with good people and my brother will come out clean and be the CM,\" she thundered. Playing to the gallery, Sharmila shot questions to the crowds asking them if they believed Jagan was guilty. Loud nays rang out as Sharmila smiled at her 'small' victory. When her mike developed problems, she asked the crowds, \"Can you hear me?\" They yelled 'yes' in unison.\"Jagananna is undergoing all these troubles only because he stuck to his word on Odarpu yatra,\" she claimed. She alleged that both TDP and Congress joined hands to put the YSR family in trouble. The Congress was using the CBI to serve its own ends.Addressing road shows at Kotauratla in Visakhapatnam district in support of Payakaraopet candidate Golla Babu Rao, she urged the people to elect all the YSR Congress candidates in the 18 assembly constituencies. \"Whenever YSR signed on the files, he did it for the development of the poor. Knowing that he is not alive today to defend himself, the Congress says the files he had signed for the poor spawned corruption,\" she said. Compared to her first day show at Narsannapet in Srikakulam, Sharmila's confident body language overshadowed that of her mother Vijayamma who stood doing 'namaste' most of the time as the prachara ratham moved on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694647", "title": "Upset with Narendra Modi, Advani triggers implosion in BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior BJP leaders who met L K Advani , after his return to New Delhi from the party's national executive meet in Mumbai, have found him extremely upset over Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's conduct.While the BJP veteran may have vented his anger on other issues on his latest blog, he is learnt to have told senior colleagues that he tried unsuccessfully to stop Nitin Gadkari from succumbing to Modi's pressure on the Sanjay Joshi issue.He felt he was not given \"due respect\" at the Mumbai meet.Instead of discussing important issues, he felt, the executive members speculated on whether Modi would attend the meeting or not.Significantly, Advani left the venue immediately after Modi finally arrived at the executive, amid orchestrated chants of Dekho dekho kaun aya, Gujarat ka sher aya'. Also, he skipped the public meeting the next day.Advani has told close aides that the personality cult that Modi was trying to impose on the BJP was harmful for the organisation.He is upset that Gadkari is now happy playing second fiddle to Modi - which was evident from his denial of permission to Joshi to travel through Gujarat by train and his handing over of a memorandum to the President against the Gujarat governor.Advani has been upset with Modi since September 2011 when the CM sat over his proposal to start a Rathyatra against corruption from Gujarat, preferably from Porbandar or Karamsad - the birth places of Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel, respectively. Instead, he chose to launch the programme from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695906", "title": "Allahabad HC denies bail to Nupur Talwar", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court rejected Nupur Talwar's bail plea on Thursday. A single-judge bench of Justice Arvind Kumar Tripathi turned down the application of Talwar who had moved the high court after her bail plea was rejected by a special CBI court at Ghaziabad earlier this month.Facing charges of allegedly killing her teenage daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj along with husband Rajesh Talwar, Nupur has been in the Dasna jail in Ghaziabad since April 30. Holding that there is prima facie evidence, the Ghaziabad court, on May 25, ordered framing of charges of murder and destruction of evidence against the dentist couple.The CBI court had also ordered framing of an additional charge of misleading the investigations against Rajesh, who had filed a police complaint at Noida police station that his 14-year-old daughter was murdered by Hemraj. The body of Hemraj was found on May 17 on the terrace of the Talwars' residence at Jalvayu Vihar, a day after Aarushi was found dead in her bedroom.While the UP Police probe had held the parents responsible for Aarushi's murder, the case was transferred to the CBI nearly a month after the incident. Now, the CBI is also following the same line of investigation. The trial court, on May 2, rejected Nupur's bail application. She had surrendered before the court on April 30 following a directive from the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694571", "title": "Gang robs couple, 2 held", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of three youths robbed a couple of a pair of earrings and two cellphones at Garpha near EM Bypass on Wednesday evening. Police rounded up two of the accused on Thursday and recovered a earring and one cellphone.At around 8.30pm on Wednesday, the couple - Pinki Haldar and Bapi Mondal - was busy chatting when they were approached by two youths. The duo demanded money from the couple and tried to disturb them. When Pinki and Bapi protested, one more person with arms joined the youths. Then they overpowered the couple by brandishing arms and snatched a pair of earrings and two cellphones from them. The couple lodged a complaint with Garpha police.On Thursday, police arrested two of the youths and recovered an earring and a cellphone from them.Meanwhile on Wednesday evening a gang of three youths robbed a couple at Garpha near E M Bypass. The gang robbed earrings and two cell phones Pinki Haldar and Bapi Mondal. Police however managed to round up two of the accused and recovered a portion of the booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ara (bihar)", "code": "13702572", "title": "Situation tense in Bihar after killing of Ranvir Sena chief", "text": "Ara (Bihar): Brahmeshwar Singh, who headed the outlawed private militia of landlords, Ranivr Sena, was shot dead by unidentified assailants in Bhojpur district on Friday, triggering a high alert across Bihar.Singh was taking a stroll when the unidentified gunmen pumped several bullets into him, killing him on the spot at Katira Mohalla under Nawada police station, 71 km from Patna, the police said.Singh, alias Mukhiya ji, who faced life imprisonment in several cases of carnage he had perpetrated on the lower caste landless poor, including in Laxmanpur Bathe where 61 Dalits were massacred in December, 1996, was acquitted and released from jail in April this year.Between 1976 and 2001, Bihar had witnessed a number of massacres executed either by the feudal forces or by the self-styled champions of the landless poor. He is also suspected to have organized carnages in the districts of Jahanabad, Aurangabad and Nawada in the 1990s.As the news of the killing spread, hundreds of Sena supporters gathered at the site of the killing and shouted anti-government slogans. They also attacked government offices, police vehicles and dairy vehicles. The circuit house in the town was set on fire, the official said. Railways diverted trains passing through Ara as a precautionary measure.They also tried to chase away policemen including the superintendent of police, who had arrived on the spot. Angry protesters heckled Bihar Director General of Police (DGP) Abhayanand and charged him with failure to provide security to Singh, forcing him to leave the area.Earlier, a day-long curfew was imposed in the town as a precautionary measure. The curfew was lifted after a high-level review of the situation by senior state officials.Prohibitory orders under section 144 CrPC were also enforced in the district after the killing of Singh. Sub-divisional officer Dharmesh Kumar said the situation is tense but under control.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has called upon the people in Bhojpur to maintain peace and harmony.Kumar, who is in Bhagalpur in connection with his \"Seva Yatra\", said senior officials had been dispatched to Ara to help maintain law and order.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699070", "title": "Classic love stories are very rare now: Kunal Kohli", "text": "Ready with his next romantic film, Kunal Kohli tells us why he swears by the Yash Chopra school of thoughtYou met Shahid Kapoor to cast him in a love story but ended up signing him for a project that wasn't even scripted. True. Shahid wasn't too sure of the subject. But I was keen to work with him. He asked me if I had a different story and I thought to myself - sab log yeh hi bolte hain . So I told him about an idea that I had been toying with. He loved it. I asked him to sign the project immediately since I did not want to waste my time fleshing it out, if he later changed his mind. Shahid said that he had never signed a film based merely on an idea. So, I went back and wrote some more. He loved it and said yes.Was Priyanka the next obvious choice? I could think of no one else. She fit the bill. I wanted a goodlooking actress who would compliment Shahid well. That's why Priyanka.But Shahid and Priyanka broke off before your film could take off. Were you worried about how this would affect Teri Meri Kahani? Not at all. Both of them are thorough professionals. Frankly, what happens off-screen is not my concern as long as they do their job perfectly. And in that, I had no complaints. I never spoke to them about their personal equation. And they never brought it up either.Your last film as a director and producer did not do too well. Was it difficult to make a comeback? I have handled hits and flops in my career. I have seen both sides of the coin. For instance, after Hum Tum , people wanted to know whether Fanaa would be a bigger success. You learn from these situations. I realised many successful filmmakers have gone through similar phases in life. It is all a part of the game.You are from the YRF school of thought. How much does that influence your work? I was the first filmmaker from outside the system that YRF hired. I am proud of it. I had a very successful innings with the production house. These days apart from Aditya Chopra and Yashji, very few filmmakers are making classic love stories. But I still believe love stories connect with the audience more than films of other genres. And so, I will continue to make love stories and follow Yashji's footsteps. I am still in touch with Adi and Yashji. In fact, my wife used to work for YRF till our baby, Radha, who is 19-month-old now, was born.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695518", "title": "Air Conditioners dealers feel the heat of price hike", "text": "INDORE: Customers as well as dealers are feeling the heat of hike in Air Conditioners (AC) prices this season. Says Pranay Kumar, business manager, MP, Voltas: \"The price of 1.5 tonne split AC has gone up by 5% in the case of his company's products. A model, which we sold at Rs 25,000 per unit last year, is being sold at Rs 28000-29000 now. Customers are generally reluctant to pay anything more than Rs 25,000 for an AC.\" Hence, the industry has seen a dip of 10 % in sales this season, he adds.Dilip Kalwani, state proprietor, LG also believes that the sales have come down by 30% for their products. The prices of products have gone up by 10% in his company's case. The stock carry of the last year rescued them to a great extent.Ankush Jhawar, dealer for Daikin, however blames the erratic weather for the dip in sales. \"Though the sales of AC have come down by 20-25% but I do not blame price hike for this. Dealers and coming with unique schemes and people do mind shelling out a few extra bucks when they plan to buy an AC. The decrease in demand is mainly due to frequent changes in weather.\"However, the sweltering heat and dip in AC sales haven't dried up the hopes for all. Shatrughan Tripathi, state business manager, Panasonic , says that the price has gone up by 2.5% in case of split ACs at my company.\"But, we are still hopeful of selling 25,000 units of ACs in the state this year, as against 14,000 units sold last year,' he adds.Agreeing that there has been no growth in the sales of ACs this year, Gaurav Pahwa, director, Lotus chain of electronic goods, feels that it is more due to the shift of season. The price might have gone up by 10-15%, but we are hopeful of achieving the sales target by educating our customers.\"By shelling out Rs 2,500 more on purchase of ACs, people can actually save a lot in the form of power savings over a period of two years, added Gaurav.The cost of ACs has gone up due to the upgraded Energy Efficiency Standards by Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), a statutory body under the union ministry of power. The ACs have become costlier by up to 5% since January this year with the coming into effect of the new regulation on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694335", "title": "Ahmedabad author speaks at India fest in Israel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As part of the celebration marking 20 years of diplomatic relations between India and Israel, a Festival of India was held in Israel and a city-based author, Esther David, was invited to participate.She took part in the literature festival, 'Words on Water - India and Israel in Conversation'.The literature festival was held at the Haifa University and later at the spectacular Mishkenot Sha'anamin auditorium near the old city of Jerusalem. There were discussions between writers about Jewish Indian literature, the epics Mahabharata and Ramayana.Interactions were also held with the winners of the prestigious Ha'Payis Sapir prize for literature. They included Alona Frankel and Yoram Kanuik.The ambassador of India in Israel, Navtej Sarna, a well-known author, participated in most sessions.Along with Israeli scholar Shalva Weil - an authority on Indian and Ethopian Jews - David was invited to speak on the subject Dharma and Daan practised by Indian Jews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13694904", "title": "People urged to shun tobacco, stay healthy", "text": "PATNA: Doctors and social activists on Thursday welcomed the state government's decision to ban tobacco products in Bihar on the eve of World No Tobacco Day.The department of radiotherapy of Patna Medical College organized a seminar on Thursday, on the occasion of World No Tobacco Day. Doctors advised common people to quit smoking and lead a natural life.Organizing secretary and associate professor, Dr P N Pandit, said the habitual tobacco consumers develop molecular changes at genetic level by mutation in gene which causes cancer. He said tobacco replacement therapy will help recuperate such persons.Citing a report of the Indian Association for Cancer Research (IACR), Dr Pandit said tobacco causes 19 different types of cancer, including oral and lung cancer , and added discontinuation of tobacco consumption can reduce one third volume of all cancers in the country. He urged people, social workers and media to work together with the government in eradication of tobacco related cancers.Dr Sangita Narain, assistant professor at PMCH, spoke about tobacco hazards in gynaecological tumours like cervix while Dr Ravi Byahut talked about oral cancer. Dr Mithilesh Kumar chaired the scientific session of the seminar.In another programme, NGO Sukh Sansar organized an awareness camp on the theme, 'Tobacco industry interference' in which stress was laid on the need to expose and counter the tobacco industry's brazen and increasingly aggressive attempts to undermine the WHO framework convention on tobacco control as it poses serious danger to the public health.The participants said raising tax on tobacco products, smoke-free environment, pictorial display of health warning and ban on tobacco advertisement would be the four most effective steps to help curb tobacco consumption.Organisation secretary Dr Sanjay Kumar Sinha said tobacco is one of the leading preventable causes of death worldwide with nearly six million people dying every year due to tobacco use. About 600,000 people die after getting exposed to second-hand smoke. According to an estimate, by 2030, tobacco consumption will kill 8 million people worldwide every year. More than 80% of those people belong to low and middle income groups. There are around 275 million tobacco users in India with 1 million people dying every year due to it.Bihar Table Tennis Association (BTTA) also celebrated the World No Tobacco Day and asked people to treat every day as no tobacco day. A copy of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, was also handed over to the players with an aim to spread message among them about the ill-effects of tobacco consumption. The players also took pledge not to use tobacco in any form.School of preventive oncology, too, celebrated the day with 'Prabhat Pheri' attended by children and youngster from slum areas. Dr Gupetshwar Pandey, research coordinator of the Institute, said India was the 8th country to ratify the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC), adding that with more and more countries joining it, the tobacco industry's efforts to undermine it will dissipate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13696394", "title": "60% of workforce ignores strike call in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Braving the odds, at least 60% of Mumbaikars employed with private and public establishments travelled to work on Thursday, showing a willingness to buck the fear psychosis that usually accompanies a Bharat Bandh. The BJP-led nationwide shutdown was held in protest against the recent increase in petrol prices by Rs 7.50 a litre.Shops and commercial establishments joined in strength, some owing to pressure by trade associations, others in the hope of a partial rollback in fuel prices.However, the availability of public transport and the visible presence of the police force boosted the morale of the workforce, which ignored the odd rasta roko and rail roko agitation to venture out. The railways, which sustain life in the economic capital, functioned with half the normal passenger load. BEST kept a creditable 93% of its fleet on the road despite having suffered incidents of stone-pelting , especially in Mulund and Worli. Taxis and autos were an infrequent sight though, and some plying near the domestic airport chose to overcharge passengers. Flight schedules were not affected.Several office-goers chose to leave home earlier than usual, arriving well before spoilers crept into their commute . Around 60% of the staff at Lafarge arrived at their Nariman Point office before 9am, some from as far as Dombivli and Virar.Urja Investment at Fort witnessed 100% attendance. \"I travelled as I normally do, taking the train from Thane to CST, then walking the distance ,\" the receptionist said. \"Other staff members live nearby and they took the bus.\" Officers of a textile company at Ballard Estate followed a busy schedule of back-to-back meetings through the day.An officer in Mantralaya's general administration department took the early train from Dombivli and noted the ease of the journey. Motorists obediently stopped at deserted signals, some even met the surprisingly odd traffic snarl at a red light.Disruptive elements directed their anger at petrol pumps by forcing them to close mid-afternoon . Some gas stations were back in business under police protection or simply after the mob dispersed. \"We decided to bide our time and reopen at 6pm,\" said the owner of Pushpak Auto and Gas Station , Jogeshwari.The shooting of films and television serials at Madh Island and Kamalistan Studio was disrupted by the Maharashtra Cine and Television Sena, an affiliate of the Shiv Sena. However, the Federation of Western India Cine Employees did not officially participate in the strike.As the bandh lifted at 6pm, citizens who were cooped up at home emerged to enjoy the evening at hotels, restaurants and malls that chose to open. Members of Ahar (the Indian Hotel and Restaurant Association ) and the Hotel and Restaurants Association of Western India (HRAWI) reported that patrons began visiting fine dining restaurants and bars from 8.30pm onwards.(An earlier version of this story mistakenly carried a headline which said 'Partial bandh costs Mumbai at least Rs 1,000 crore'. We regret the error and thank our readers for pointing it out.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696225", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation rent largesse: Charge less, pay more", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), which wants you to pay more property tax, is collecting only a token amount as rent from several favoured private institutions. Not just that, it is itself paying rent at market rates to favoured landlords.Data show, private institutions are running schools, night schools, coaching classes etc in 34 school buildings located in prime locations like Mahal, Itwari, Cotton Market etc and worth in crores. NMC had given the rooms to these institutions at Rs 500 per room per month. Some buildings have even been allotted rooms free of cost. The rent being charged is meagre compared with prevailing market rate. It is also not being collected regularly.At the same time, NMC has taken 31 private buildings on rent for running 41 of its own schools. For them, NMC is pays rent as per market price which is many times higher that what it charges for its buildings. A senior NMC official said the NMC did not have a choice about paying market rent as providing education to the children in those areas was a priority. \"Neither the NMC nor NIT is having land in these areas. Therefore, the private buildings have been rented. What NMC charges is less as rates are according to Zilla Parishad schedules and have not been revised. NMC is now changing the policy and it may charge as per ready reckoner value in coming days,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694112", "title": "Police bring Jharkhand blackmailer to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The man who was blackmailing a disabled girl of the city has been arrested from Jharkhand. Rakesh Sharma , 41, was arrested from his home in Dhanbad by crime branch officials who brought him to the city for further investigation.\"Sharma's family members have handed over his computer to the cops. The CPU will be sent to the forensic science laboratory for gathering evidence,\" said a crime branch official. After the girl filed complaint, Sharma had stopped operating his email ID which he had used to threaten and blackmail the girl. Crime branch police inspector K P Patel logged into a matrimonial website where Sharma and the complainant had met to track down the accused's IP address.The victim, an IT professional, suffers from polio. She befriended Sharma online and thought that he had found her knight in shining armour who would marry her. Her dreams of marital bliss were shattered when she realised that the Jharkhand man was a blackmailer. Later in a joint operation with Dhanbad police, Sharma was arrested from his home in Shastrinagar. Sharma told the cops that he is not in touch with his parents for several years and has embraced Islam. \"He claims that he fell in love with the girl. However, he says that his liking for Islam had pained the girl who refused to marry him. This upset Sharma and to take revenge, he mailed her nude photos to her relatives,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695131", "title": "Bikram Singh takes over as Army chief, Antony asks everyone to shed bitterness", "text": "NEW DELHI: The palpable tension engulfing South Block over the last several months somewhat dissipated as the clock struck noon on Thursday with General Bikram Singh first saluting and then taking over the reins of the Army from Gen V K Singh.The disquiet-dispelling need for a fresh start was evident soon after with defence minister A K Antony urging the military brass and the civilian bureaucracy to now shed their \"bitterness'' and work closely together to ensure the modernization of the 1.13-million Army. The minister promised all government support to Gen Bikram Singh in undertaking the endeavour in \"a focussed manner''.Antony also conveyed to senior officials that though the last six to eight months of Gen V K Singh's contentious tenure had been \"a turbulent phase, an aberration'', it was time to move on. \"The minister said the bitterness that had developed in the last few months must not be carried forward,'' said a source.This candid admission of the huge civil-military divide in the defence establishment from the normally taciturn minister is enough indication of just how bad things had become since Gen V K Singh began his messy age row with the government.The tussle, with Gen V K Singh even becoming the first serving military chief to drag the government to court, steadily escalated to other areas with all sorts of confidential documents and letters - even the Army chief's top-secret letter to the PM about \"critical hollowness'' in operational capabilities - finding their way into the public domain.Forget all this, said Antony, \"We should not carry the baggage of the last six to eight months.''But it may not be that easy since the adversarial civil-military equation has been a grim reality of South Block for decades, with both bureaucrats and military officers viewing each other with mutual suspicion in the absence of any real integration between the Service HQs and the defence ministry.Gen V K Singh, who has struck a conciliatory note over the last couple of days by holding there was \"no misunderstanding'' between him and the defence ministry, only accentuated the divide. On his last day as the chief, he said the Army's \"internal health'' had improved during his 26-month tenure. \"I have always said the Army remains steadfast about its 'naam, namak aur nishan' (honour, loyalty and flag),'' he said.\"What we have been able to achieve is the changing mindsets in the Army. We have been able to progress on the path of transformation, which includes making the Army ready, relevant, agile, much more effective and leaner,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13698850", "title": "Adam Levine explains his promiscuous phase", "text": "Adam Levine has explained why he went through a \"promiscuous\" phase before getting together with Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Anne V.The singer attributed his promiscuousness to loving women.\"There's two kinds of men. There are men who are [bleeping] misogynist pigs, and then there are men who just really love women , who think they're the most amazing people in the world. And that's me,\" the New York Post quoted Levine as telling Details magazine.\"Maybe the reason I was promiscuous, and wanted to sleep with a lot of them, is that I love them so much,\" he said.Adam Levine says he's slept around because he loves women.While Levine dated the Victoria's Secret Angel for two years, splitting in April, Levine said that his reputation as a playboy has stayed with him.In fact, he revealed that he jumped at 'The Voice' in part to show the public another side of himself.\"I've always felt a little misrepresented in the world. I felt like people only knew me as a singer who dated pretty girls. A little bit of a bimbo. Maybe I was kind of a bimbo,\" he tells the magazine. \"I wanted to create a little balance. When ['The Voice'] came around, I thought, 'People now know that I have a brain',\" he said.But while he swears to have substance, Levine admits to being a spotlight hog.\"I love attention. I can't stand not having it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696289", "title": "Bangalore bandh: Many techies work from home", "text": "BANGALORE: Many IT firms in Bangalore logged out of work on Thursday. IT major Infosys declared a holiday for its staff in Bangalore and Mangalore. \"As a precautionary measure, we have declared a holiday at our Mangalore and Bangalore development centre and made changes in our transport arrangements in a few of our locations to ensure employee safety,\" said an Infosys spokesperson.Wipro's MG Road office wore a deserted look with most employees opting to work from home. Sourav Govil, senior VP and HR head, Wipro , said work was as usual, without any disruptions. Other tech companies like IBM , Accenture and HP were shut for the day. Some companies have asked their employees to compensate for a day's loss by working on Saturday. Shanmugam Nagarajan, co-founder and chief people officer at [24]7 said most of their staff worked, but some were given off and will work on Saturday instead.Shailendra Ravi, senior director, emerging markets, EMC, said he was working from home because of the bandh. But it was business as usual at most BPO firms since they support clients across different geographies in critical functions like banking and insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "13700566", "title": "Air Force version of 'Akash' missiles successfully test-fired", "text": "BALASORE (ODISHA): India on Friday successfully test fired its two indigenously-developed surface-to-air 'Akash' missiles of Air Force version with a strike range of 25 km from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur.\"Two Air Force version Akash missiles were test-fired from the ITR in quick succession. Both the trials were successful and met all the mission objectives,\" ITR Director M V K V Prasad said.The anti-aircraft missiles, with a strike range of 25 km and capable of carrying warhead of 60 kgs, were test fired from a mobile launcher at launch complex-III of the ITR.The trial, which formed part of the country's routine air defence exercises, was conducted at around noon, said an official of Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) associated with the Akash missile project.To re-validate the technology and operational efficacy of the missile, defence forces conducted the trial with logistic support provided by the ITR, the official said. The Akash weapon system, which has its Army version too, was inducted into the armed forces in 2008.Today's test-fire came after similar trials conducted from the same test range on May 24, 26 and 28.\"During the trial, the sophisticated missiles were aimed at intercepting floating object supported by a pilotless target aircraft at a definite altitude over the sea,\" sources said.Akash, an anti-aircraft defence system, can simultaneously engage several targets with 'Rajendra' radar developed by the Electronics and Radar Development Establishment (LRDE), a DRDO laboratory in Bangalore.'Rajendra' does the surveillance, tracks the target, acquires it and guides the missile towards it.The development of Akash missile took place during 1990s under the country's Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme (IGMDP) and after many trials, it was inducted into the armed forces.The DRDO has developed both the Air Force and Army versions of the Akash missile.Rajendra is a 'passive phased array radar'. It is a multifunction radar, capable of tracking as many as 64 targets and controlling up to 12 missiles simultaneously.Defence experts have often compared Akash missile system with the American MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile system.They claim that similar to the MIM-104, the Akash is capable of neutralising aerial targets such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), fighter jets, cruise missiles and air-to-surface missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "diamond harbour", "code": "13694305", "title": "Left only looted the state: West Bengal chief minister", "text": "DIAMOND HARBOUR: The Left Front government had only looted the state during its 34-year rule by calling bandhs, destroying work culture and not allowing development of either industry or education, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said at a programme in Diamond Harbour on Thursday.The chief minister claimed in just one year in office, she received Rs 95,000 crore in investment proposals and created 6,00,000 employment.Laying the foundation stone of the Rs 14.83 crore polytechnic college in Diamond Harbour and seven model government schools across islands in the region including Namkhana, Patharpratima, Sagar and Mathurapur, she promised a medical college and university in the district.so that students did not have to travel to Midnapore, Burdwan or north Bengal for higher education.The CM also said a special impetus was being given on revival of fisheries that had been destroyed. \"I have spoken to BDO and SDO on the matter and a plan is being prepared,\" she said.Mamata also allocated Gitanjali housing scheme of 270 sq ft each with toilet for below poverty line families and handed pattas to landless labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13703275", "title": "Afsar Bitiya highlights another social cause!", "text": "The color of one's skin can lead to a bias in India. The prejudices against people of a darker skin tone and the preference for fair skin is very prominent in our country, especially from the point of view of marriage.Zee TV being a socially responsible channel has taken up the cause of 'Colorism' in its popular primetime show, Afsar Bitiya . Krishna (played by Mitali Nag) is the lead protagonist and despite being a Block Development Officer, has to face a lot of humiliation owing to her dark skin tone. Says Sukesh Motwani, fiction head of Zee TV, \"Skin color discrimination is very rampant in our country. Most dark complexioned girls have felt humiliated at some point or the other in their life because of their skin color. Every matrimonial site has advertisements for a fair bride\".He further adds, \"A dark complexioned girl undergoes tremendous emotional turmoil whereas her male counterpart leads a fairly easy life. We should always give respect to a girl/woman for what she is and not on the basis of the shade of her skin. In a country like India where fairness creams are flying off the shelves, it's very difficult to get rid of this age-old stigma. Earlier, we dealt with the same issue in our super hit show, Saat Phere and now with Afsar Bitiya we only hope to pass on a strong message against this bias.\"In the current track, Krishna's dark complexion becomes a bone of contention for her in-laws and their relatives who disgrace and humiliate her openly. Says Mitali Nag, the lead actress of the show who has been a victim of this social injustice in real life as well, \"To start with, I wouldn't have been in Afsar Bitiya had I been fair. Having said that, even I had to face a lot of rejections in my career because of my dusky skin tone. Surviving in an entertainment industry which is obsessed with white skin is not easy. I was almost finalized for a role as a lead actress in a show but was rejected at the eleventh hour on grounds that a fair skinned actress would be better suited for the role. As a child I was conscious of my complexion, but looking at super models like Naomi Campbell and Noyonika Chatterjee gave me hope to make a mark in an industry which is obsessed about looks and filled with biases. The credit goes to my parents who made me believe that beauty is skin deep\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13695758", "title": "Government plans skyscraper in Baga's coastal regulation zone", "text": "CANDOLIM: In a bid to cash in on the popularity of Goa as a tourist destination, the Goa Tourism department has finalized a plan to put up a 35-storeyed viewing tower in the beach belt in Baga's coastal regulation zone (CRZ) on the lines of viewing towers in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Singapore.The 44-metre tower will have a restaurant on the 25th floor, besides shopping emporia, cafes and other facilities for tourists on other floors, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar confirmed to TOI. \"I've been to viewing towers in Singapore and Hong Kong. Thousands visit them everyday and a lot of revenue is generated from ticket sales and other facilities. A tower like this will be good for Goa,\" the minister added.The proposal is yet to get the mandatory CRZ approvals and the Union defence ministry approval, but the tourism minister said \"By October we hope to get all approvals. The government agencies have to give a special approval for this project to take tourism forward. We have to take tourism in Goa to the next level,\" Parulekar said.When pointed out that there are have been opposition to such a project in the past, Parulekar asked \"If people start objecting to everything new, then how can we carry tourism forward?\"\"The plan has been prepared and the process to get approval started,\" Parulekar said. Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) has inspected the site and a report is to be submitted for a final decision. \"Approval has been granted in principle and authorities want to verify the position of the project on the ground,\" tourism director Swapnil Naik said.Tourism department has 48,000 sq m of land in its possession in Baga, of which around 10% will be utilized for the project, while the rest will be used for parking and other facilities. If all approvals are in place by October, the viewing tower should be a reality in about three years, Parulekar said. The central government has sanctioned Rs 9.5 crore for this project, Parulekar added.A viewing tower had been first planned by the previous Congress-led government, but the project didn't take off. The BJP-led government has revived the project after taking office in March this year.Apart from the viewing tower, there are also plans to create a roundabout at the Baga end of the road which now ends in a cul-de-sac. The area is also going to be beautified with a garden and fountain, apart from constructing changing rooms for the benefit of tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13695303", "title": "Rajasthan HC grants bail to 2 cops in Dara case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday granted bail to two of the 11 policemen arrested by the CBI for their alleged involvement in the Dara Singh encounter case. The order is being seen as a big relief for all the policemen who are presently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail.A single judge bench of Justice R S Rathore granted bail to ASI Surendra Singh and police driver Sardar Singh who were arrested on charges of kidnapping and murdering Dara Singh in a fake encounter that took place on the city's outskirts on October 23, 2006.They argued that the CBI has concocted the story as there was no material evidence to prove anything against them. It was also argued that the witnesses were planted by CBI to prove its hypothetical theory of murder. The petitioners took the court through the chargesheet to show that how a fake story has been created to make the encounter look like a managed affair.After hearing the defendants, Justice Rathore ordered the release of both the petitioners on bail as the chargesheet has already been filed and most of the witnesses are CBI or police officials and there are no chances of the petitioners influencing any witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699477", "title": "Bhavana in Nayan\u2019s shoes", "text": "Nayanthara, who is making a comeback in Tamil cinema, was supposed to play the heroine in opposite Sudeep in the Shashank directorial Kannada film Bachchan. Nayan has reportedly opted out of the Kannada project citing the 'dates didn't work out' excuse. The director has roped in Bhavana to replace Nayan. The film, which has Sudeep playing a nuanced character, has three female leads - Bhavana, Parul and Deepa Sannidhi. Talking about the replacement, Shashank says, Nayanthara couldn't adjust her dates because of her Tamil film with Ajith. And that's one of the reasons she had to opt out of the project.'Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699431", "title": "Edhir Neechal for Dhanush", "text": "It is well known fact that National award winning actor Dhanush floated his own production house called Wunderbar and co-produced 3 recently. Now the ace actor will be commencing his next that would be directed by Senthil, a former associate of Vettrimaran. Buzz is that Siva Kathikeyan would play the lead role while Priya Anand of Nootrenbathu fame is the female lead. Says Priya Anand, 'It's a romcom and I will be trying my hand at comedy for the first time.' Sources say the movie has been titled Edhir Neechal .Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695380", "title": "Visa pact with Pakistan will depend also on our convenience: India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian on Thursday attributed the failure to sign a liberalized visa agreement with Pakistan last week to pending \"internal approvals\" in Islamabad and Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's desire for signing such a pact at the political level.Home secretary R K Singh said the new visa pact could not be signed during the Indo-Pak home/interior secretary level talks in Islamabad on May 24-25 as the Pakistani side conveyed that some \"internal approvals\" were under process and the agreement would be signed once they were in place.\"We, however, also got an impression that the interior minister of Pakistan ( Rehman Malik ) wants both the home ministers to be present when it is signed,\" Singh said at a press conference when asked about the reason for the failure to sign the pact.He said the Pakistani delegation told the Indian team that after the internal approvals, they would seek a mutually convenient date to sign the agreement.\"I told them that when you seek our convenience, we will see and consult to determine our convenience,\" Singh said, an indication that New Delhi will not rush once Islamabad conveys the date, but will factor in India's convenience to sign this bilateral pact.Asked whether there was any problem in visiting Pakistan or inviting his counterpart here to sign the agreement, home minister P Chidambaram, who was also present at the press conference, said visit by an Indian minister to any foreign country was not an easy process.\"Visits by ministers at central government level are decided at the highest level in consultation with the ministry of external affairs. It is not a matter of A inviting B. I can invite you to my home for tea. But that is not the way you can simplify the issue. These are decisions taken at the highest level after consulting the MEA and others involved,\" he said.Asked about granting liberal visas to Hindus living in Pakistan and reportedly facing discrimination, Chidambaram said foreign minister S M Krishna had already made a statement about the discrimination against minorities in Pakistan.\"As far as any person belonging to any minority group, Hindu, Sindhi, if they come on short term visa, if they apply for long term visa, long term visas will be considered and we would be very kind and generous in considering such applications. We certainly do not want them persecuted if they fear persecution in Pakistan. In the past also, we have been quite generous in considering such applications,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695495", "title": "Uttar Pradesh digitises mining lease contracts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly a month after having approved the e-tendering mechanism for allotting contracts in the mining sector, the UP government, on Wednesday, ordered the immediate implementation of e-tendering for awarding all new mining leases in the state. Under the fresh system, lease holders will need an environment clearance for mining if the land area is more than five hectares for mining activities on under 5 hectares of land, no environment clearance will be necessary. The government also said that in cases where mining contracts that are still valid, the lease holder or contractors will need to obtain environment clearances by August 2012.Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Ltd will be the implementing agency for this process, which will include the entire tendering process of registration, submission, opening and evaluation of bids and finally awarding of contract. Corporation is equipped with necessary software and experience as it is already implementing e-tendering in many other state government departments.Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta said e-tendering would make the contract process transparent and error-free. Though provisions for e-tendering already existed, they had not been implemented in the mining department. The changes will also reflect in the state's new mining policy.Till now, tendering for the mining licences was being done manually in UP, with mining contracts being awarded on a 'first-come-first-serve' basis by district magistrates. There sector was also riddled with complaints of corruption and domination by mining mafia.Under the new system, the entire bidding process, including registration, coding, bid opening, evaluation and awarding of contract, will be done online. Hardware support will be provided by Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited, while software inputs will be lent by the state technical unit of the National Informatics Centre (NIC). tnn This will leave little scope for allowing fake bids, or last minute entry of bidders based on political or bureaucratic will. Though the new e-tendering mechanism has been made effective immediately, it will only govern minor minerals -- sand, stone chips and Yamuna sand (maurang), among others.Mining licences for major minerals like iron-ore, gold, rare earth elements, zinc and other minerals will continue to be allotted on a first-come-first-serve basis since they are governed by the Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Act of 1957, which is currently under review in the Lok Sabha.An order to implement the online tendering system was also issued earlier by the Allahabad High Court. In addition, the World Bank had also said it would not grant a development policy loan to UP unless a transparent e-procurement process was put in place.Following these orders, former chief minister Mayawati had introduced the e-procurement system in January 2008, but the practice was quietly dropped in 2010 without citing any reasons. In 2008, as a pilot project, e-procurement was introduced in seven departments, including PWD, and family welfare, which was plagued by the National Rural Health Mission scam. Later, it was also extended to four more departments in 2009 but dropped hurriedly in January 2010 because it was \"too transparent\". This happened even though the same ministers had earlier approved the system after hearing of the project's successful implementation in Maharashtra and Karnataka. In Andhra Pradesh, Rs 2,000 crore was saved between 2003 and 2006 by taking the e-procurement route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13695311", "title": "Gwalior boy tops pre-engineering and pharmacy test-2012 conducted by Madhya Pradesh board", "text": "BHOPAL: Gwalior's Hemendra Singh Rana topped the pre-engineering and pharmacy test (PEPT)-2012 conducted by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board (MPPEB) for admission to engineering and pharmacy colleges in the state. The results were declared on Thursday.The exams were conducted by the board on May 20. Surprisingly, no student from the state capital could make it to the top ten merit list of engineering while Abhishek Pandey was the lone merit holder from Bhopal in Pharmacy.In all, the board had received 1.18 lakh applications while 1.15 lakh students appeared in PET this year. MPPEB official spokesperson said, Rana scored 174 marks out of 200.In all, six students from Indore, three from Gwalior and one from Jabalpur managed to secure their name in the merit list. Second position went to Harshit Gupta, Rishabh Sethia and Parul Jain (all from Indore) and Gwalior's Ashish Goyal who secured 172 marks each.Indore's Girish Chandani and Ditendra Patel of Gwalior were tied on the third position with 171 marks each. Nitin Chandrol with 170 marks was the only student from Jabalpur who managed to make it to the merit list. Anjali Rai of Indore also secured 170 marks. Sai Chakradhar of Indore bagged the 10{+t}{+h} place in the last in the merit list with 169 marks.For pharmacy, the board had received 19,461 applications of which 18,1851 students appeared in the test. Hemendra Singh came first in pharmacy too with 174 marks. Anand Rajoriya of Gwalior came second with 170 marks while Ujjain's Manasi Dandekar came third in the merit list with 169 marks. Indore's Shubham Upadhyay was fourth in the merit list with 166 marks.Abhishek Pandey of Bhopal was only student in the merit list with 165 marks who stood fifth. Ujjain's Kirti Sinha scored 164 marks who came sixth in the merit list. Vidisha's Brajesh Sahu was seventh with 160 marks while Indore's Sanju Surage stood eighth with 159 marks in the merit list. Ninth position went to Ujjain's Sarrah Siddique with 158 marks and Chinmay Sapre of Indore grabbed last position in the merit with 157 marks.Students can log on to official website of board vyapam.nic.in to see their results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13695612", "title": "Indore witnesses total bandh over petrol price hike", "text": "INDORE: The bandh called by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) and left parties in protest against the hike in petrol prices was total in Indore city affecting normal life. Taxis remained off the roads while shops and business establishments kept their shutters down.Cloth market, mandis, theatres, multiplexes, shopping mall and showrooms were totally closed. While the shops were closed essential services including milk, medical stores and hospitals were completely unaffected by the bandh call. The traders association claimed that the bandh was quite successful in the city as all the business establishments remained closed in protest against the petroleum price hike.Dhanraj Wadhwani, president, Indore Retail Cloth Merchant Association told TOI, \"complete bandh was observed in areas like cloth market, mandis, theatres, multiplexes, shopping mall and showrooms.\"The bandh had a partial impact on the industrial units in Dewas and adjoining areas as most of them worked as normal. Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries, Madhya Pradesh , said, \"The people's deep anguish with the union government's policies have resulted in the successfull bandh. I am surprised at a time when the crude prices have come down globally, the central government effected the highest ever hike in the prices of petrol. It is in the nature of Indoreans to use such occasions for holidaying and vacationing\".However, the industrial establishments remained open in the neighbouring district of Dewas. Ashok Kandelia, president, Association of Industries, Dewas, said, \"As a policy we don't support these bandhs which are normally politically motivated\". When it comes to Sabzi Mandi, it was reopened during afternoon hours. Defending it, Shankar Lalwani, president city BJP, said that all the vegetable and fruit vendors had to open their shops during afternoon hours because these are perishable items. The angry mob burnt a poster of petrol pump at Rajwada area. The life, which had come to almost a standstill all through the day, returned back to normalcy gradually during the evening hours. People were seen in a rush to buy their daily need stuff on the resumption of malls in the evening. Tanmay Patni, store manager, Big Bazar, said, \"People have started coming to the mall once we reopened it at 5.30 pm\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13696269", "title": "Moms-to-be, check your thyroid level", "text": "BANGALORE: Is your child's physical or mental growth slower than other children of his/her age? Then there could be the lurking presence of a thyroid dysfunction. If things go wrong with the working of this gland, which controls body metabolism, the Intelligence Quotient (IQ) of the child can also be affected, say endocrinologists.Aakanksha, an 18-month old infant, did not crawl like other children of her age. At first her parents ignored it, but when her grandmother pointed out that this was the age when other children started to walk, Aakanksha was taken to a nearby hospital. Investigations pointed towards a thyroid dysfunction, and she was treated with oral medication and iodine therapy, which improved her growth.Dr Anjana Hulse, consultant paediatrician, endocrinology, at Apollo Hospital says, \"Some babies are born without the thyroid gland or the gland is present in some other part of the body. A congenital thyroid problem is seen in 1/1500 babies in India and is more prevalent in communities where marriage between cousins is common.\"She adds, \"It is very important that newborn babies are screened for these sort of congenital deficiencies within five days of birth, since early detection helps in timely treatment. Symptoms of thyroid dysfunction develop very slowly and it becomes difficult to identify it later on.\"Doctors also advise caution for women, as thyroid problems are more prevalent in this gender. \"Globally, the man-woman ratio of thyroid prevalence is 1:8, more commonly noticed in women of reproductive age. Thyroid dysfunction has long been a cause of several physical problems, and higher awareness levels have made this disorder more talked about and detected over the past few years,\" says Dr KJ Shetty, consultant endocrinologist and physician, at Bangalore Baptist Hospital.Doctors advise women who plan to start a family to undergo thyroid testing, since thyroid dysfunction could create complications during pregnancy -- especially during the first 16 weeks. Another factor is that thyroid dysfunction can only be treated with medication, which is not advisable for expectant women. Dr Rajeshwari Janakiraman of Columbia Asia Hospital adds: \"Thyroid dysfunction is an auto-immune or genetic disorder, unlike a lifestyle disorder which can be treated by altering habits. A woman's hormones also respond differently to this disorder from a man's. Further, a woman's body goes through a lot of hormonal changes during pregnancy which could lead to a thyroid disorder. The condition can be treated with oral medication or surgery in rare instances.\"CAN BE CANCEROUS A staggering 42 million people in India suffer from thyroid cancer. The cancer originates in the thyroid gland that is responsible for producing thyroxin - the hormone that plays such an important role in the regulation of body metabolism.The cause of thyroid cancer is still unknown. \"Common symptoms include a lump or nodule in the neck, trouble in swallowing, throat or neck pain, swollen lymph nodes in the neck, a persistent cough, and vocal changes,\" says Dr R Parameswaran, head of nuclear medicine at Manipal Hospital.CONSUME IODIZED SALT The humble everyday iodized salt is an effective way to avoid thyroid dysfunction. \"Iodine therapy is very useful in the treatment of thyroid disorders. Also, if you have a hyper functioning thyroid gland, avoid consuming cauliflower and cabbage,\" says Dr Janakiraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13694782", "title": "Jasmine farmers suffer", "text": "MANGALORE: The bandh put paid to the hopes of the jasmine cultivators to make a good profit on Thursday.The rates of Shankarapura Mallige, which had hit an eight-month high of Rs 820 per an atte on Wednesday, slipped back to Rs Rs 130 per an atte on Thursday in the absence of transportation facilities.Udupi Mallige Belegaarara Sangha president Ramakrishna Sharma Bantakallu told TOI the rates had been peaking for the past few days. \"It had touched 400 for an atte last week. However, it dropped to a mere Rs 130 on Thursday because of the Bharat bandh,'' he rued.About 800 jasmine flowers, depending on their size, are strung together using plantain stalk to make one chendu (a ball of flowers) and four chendus make one atte.The more fragrant but less fancied and priced variety of jasmine - Jaaji mallige - is also grown in the Udupi region. But the crop is available only from July end to October. Sharma said, \"We hope that we get good prices at least from Friday onwards and till the end of the ongoing wedding season (June 10).\"The prices of jasmine are more volatile than the stock market in the region. During the middle of May, one atte of jasmine was selling for Rs 45. It gradually went up to Rs 775 before stabilizing around Rs 400.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13697081", "title": "Pedalling not an option in cycle-unfriendly Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Buying a cycle could be the best option in these times of increased petrol prices and fuel shortages , but many Chennaiites say the city is not pedal-friendly . Can one imagine riding a cycle on busy Anna Salai amidst the ongoing metro rail works and the absence of an exclusive cycle track, they ask.Many say a dedicated cycle track is essential. Tamil Nadu Cycling Association secretary S Radha Krishnan says \"in the absence of a separate lane, our members find it tough to practice for competitions on the congested roads.\" Sadly, for several children in the city, a cycle has become unfamiliar. \"Most of them have never experienced the pleasure of cycling as it is now considered a dangerous hobby due to the traffic and the absence of an exclusive track,\" says Ravi Shankar , a software professional and cycling enthusiast. \"Cycling is actually fun. There is no fuel consumption and pollution and it makes one fit,\" he adds.The dropping of a Chennai Corporation plan for a 15-km cycle track in and around Anna Nagar and Jawaharlal Nehru Salai due to lack of funds has drawn flak. A study by Chennai City Connect, an NGO, suggested that 13.84 km of roads in Anna Nagar and Tirumangalam were suitable for the track.The project, expected to benefit more than 6,000 students in 14 educational institutions, was dropped mainly because of the lack of interest in the present corporation council, say sources. The project was estimated to cost 15 crore.Says Raj Cherubal of Chennai City Connect, \"It was to be an 'integrated complete street project.' Along with a cycle track, it was to have foot paths, better traffic flow, designed junctions and parking. We selected Anna Nagar because of the number of educational institutions and wide roads there.\" Former mayor M Subramanian says the proposal was aimed at reducing the air pollution and also to help students in Anna Nagar. \"There were also plans for cycle lanes in Adyar and on the Marina,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694200", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal firm on scarcity issue", "text": "NASHIK: The district guardian minister, Chhagan Bhujbal, lashed out at the administration on Thursday over the issue of water scarcity, saying that the elected representatives did not understand Government Resolutions (GRs) and technicalities involved. He said that the district administration should come out clear on the issues.\"The elected representatives have to listen to the public and function accordingly. In case things are not within your control or jurisdiction, officials must explain the issues to related representatives,\" Chhagan Bhujbal said at the review meeting of water scarcity in the district.He further stressed on the need to focus on alleviating Sinnar from being scarcity-prone by undertaking various works for water conse8rvation. \"When 27,000 people are working under the employment guarantee scheme and only 1,200 of them are working on water conservation and 9,000 on the de-silting programme, it is important to focus on water conservation measures. This will help locals fight water scarcity,\" Bhujbal said.Taking stock of the water supply to Manmad, Bhujbal asked the Manmad Municipal Council chief officer to further intensify the work so that the water problem is eradicated from the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13695983", "title": "Panaji: BJP workers redefine 'voluntary'", "text": "PANAJI: The capital city wore a deserted look on Thursday as most establishments in the city kept their shutters down due to the bandh. Streets were empty as vehicles kept off the roads and the Panaji market area too was closed.Only a handful of pharmacies and ATMs were open as were some government offices that were functioning with a few staff. Some commercial establishments that had opened in the morning closed after BJP workers and supporters of the bandh persuaded them to keep their establishments closed. The Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik was also seen moving around with the BJP supporters.Although the private bus operators had declared they would ply their buses, other than some Kadamba Transport Corporation buses, almost no other buses could be seen on the roads. While the bandh had primarily been called by the BJP, it was also supported by the left parties and trade unions.The Communist Party of India (CPI) and the 'Goa Convention of Workers' observed the day as All India Protest Day to oppose both the steep rise in the petrol prices as well as spiralling prices of food items and other essential commodities.Suhaas Naik, convenor of AITUC told TOI \"we are also demanding that the minimum wage be increased to 10,000 per month in Goa. While the 6{+t}{+h} pay commission has been implemented, there has been no revision in minimum wages in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694720", "title": "Hajis told to deposit initial payment before June 11", "text": "HYDERABAD: State Haj Committee has directed all the provisionally selected Haj pilgrims to deposit the initial payment of Rs 51,000 per head for the Haj pilgrimage on or before June 11, 2012.The amount has to be deposited through a deposit slip to Haj Committee of India's current account number \"FEE TYPE-25\" maintained with State Bank of India through core banking system.All the 5,764 pilgrims will have to submit a photocopy of the deposit slip along with the original passport and a colour photograph of 3.5cmX3.5cm having white background to the AP State Haj Committee, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694360", "title": "Complainant in graft case sent to jail, high court orders probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complainant in a bribery case was sent to jail by court for remaining absent during a couple of hearings. After spending a sleepless night in jail, he claimed to have forgotten the case details. He was declared hostile by prosecution.Dr Hasmukh Kuriya had lodged a complaint in 2000, under anti-corruption laws against two government officials, who were conducting an inquiry against him for alleged violation of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA). Kuriya's brother used to live abroad, and their transactions were under the scanner of Enforcement Directorate.Two officers, P R Sharma and his subordinate D L Kalgutkar are being prosecuted in a special CBI court. Twelve years after the complaint, when the case started, Kuriya was present in court on April 13. As newly-appointed prosecutor wanted some time to go through case papers, special CBI judge K B Gujarati fixed next hearing on April 16.Kuriya wanted it to be kept after April 28, as he had planned family vacation to Kashmir. The court did not change the date, and Kuriya remained absent and sought time through his lawyer.On the other hand, the court refused to give him time and issued bailable warrant on April 17. The next day, a non-bailable warrant was issued against the doctor, who had already left for Kashmir. Upon his return, the CBI sleuths arrested him on April 29 and produced him before the court.He filed a bail application saying that his absence could cause trouble to his patients, but the CBI court refused to grant him bail and sent him to jail. The judge also noted that he spent time in enjoyment on a trip to Kashmir and did not bother about court's time.After remaining in jail on night of April 30, Kuriya was brought before court. During his deposition, the witness told the court that he could not sleep the whole night due to mosquitoes, and he was not in a position to recall incidents that had occurred 12 years ago.After his deposition, the judge passed order of his release on the same bail application as \"Order No - 2\" on surety bond of Rs 5000, and not without penalty of equal amount.After being treated as an accused, aggrieved doctor complained about this incident to the Gujarat high court, which has initiated an inquiry into this incident, said Kuriya's counsel Ilyas Pathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13696899", "title": "Gol Chauraha, Mall road to be \u2018no tempo\u2019 zones", "text": "KANPUR: The owners of tempos are in a tizzy over the recent order of district authorities to make Gol Chauraha and Rawatpur to Mall road, a no tempo zone from June 7. This comes after efforts to ease congestion in the area failed. The authorities have decided to act tough with tempo drivers and their unions and penalize them for plying vehicles on this particular stretch.Repeated pleas of Temo Taxi Mahasangh Uttar Pradesh, which had challenged a similar order in 2009 by the then DIG, evoked no sympathy from district officials comprising Kanpur municipal commissioner, SP (traffic) and regional transport officer.Ram Gopal Puri, president, Tempo Taxi Mahasangh Uttar Pradesh said that the authorities had passed the orders without giving the association an opportunity to place its side of the story.He said an identical order was passed earlier in 2009 but the High Court had struck it down on the ground that the district authorities have no jurisdiction to pass a notification under it. The same legal restraint was applicable in the present scenario, he said and added that the association will again move the court to seek relief.\"We observe traffic and pollution under control (PUC) norms strictly. We get permit under the self-help employment scheme,\" said Puri. The move will only create chaos on the congested stretches, he added. \"They want to throw us out of work in the name de-congesting. It is not right to ask us not to ply on a particular stretch or road as the permit allows us to operate within the municipal limits. We have repeatedly said that we are willing to reduce the number of vehicles and introduce separate colours for vehicles permitted different routes,\" he added.However, even as tempos may have become the most affordable mode of transportation for the teeming population of more than 30 lakh, but the sharp increase in the number of these vehicles in the past couple of years has become a major headache for the urban planners and the law enforcement agencies.With over 900 tempos out of the total 3,804 plying on Gol Chauraha, Rawatpur to Mall road, the issues related to traffic have increased. Efforts to improve urban transport in the city have been made in the past also by introducing bus services. The success of buses proved to be an herculean task for UPSRTC. Thus, the people are left with no option but to rely on tempos.Tempos can be seen plying with three passengers in the front, including the driver and eight persons occupying the two back seats, against the permissible count. \"Travelling in tempos even for a short distance is nightmarish. During rush hours, these vehicles carry 11 to 12 passengers. Imagine two people sitting close to the driving seat,\" a commuter at Bada Chauraha said.\"They still violate traffic norms and carry maximum number of passengers and drive recklessly,\" a resident of Mall road area, who depends on tempos daily to reach her office in Naveen market, said. Tempo drivers can be seen carrying more passengers in almost all the routes including the busy Ghantaghar, Juhi, Baradevi, Zarib Chowki, Deputy Padav, Naubasta and Govindnagar.Alternative arrangements should be made when the authorities are planning to make Gol Chauraha, Rawatpur to Mall road, a no tempo zone.The authorities had earlier sanctioned 304 buses under JNNURM to improve public transport system but out of the total, around 200 are at present running. This number is insufficient to serve the whole population of the city.Dheeraj, a resident of Mall Road and working at an office in Kalyanpur said that there was a lot of room for improvement.\"There are no regular timings for bus service. When the bus is available, the passengers are not there and when the office goers want to travel, the buses are missing,\" he said.Though, regional UPSRTC officials are optimistic of launching 20 new buses on Gol Chauraha, Rawatpur to Mall road stretch, the existing passenger shelters (bus stops) have not been updated. Most of the bus stops are being encroached. One of the biggest bus stand near Phoolbagh resembles more like an omlette shop.\"We would act according to the Motor Vehicles Act-1988, where Section 115 gives power to superintendent of police to restrict the use of vehicles,\" SP traffic M R Singh said.Regional manager of UPSRTC D V Singh said, \"A fleet of 20 low-floor AC and non-AC buses is set to ply on the Gol Chauraha, Rawatpur and Mall road route. The buses are likely to start operating from June 7. The number of the buses would be increased as per requirement in future.\"The Kanpur Municipal Corporation had carried out an inspection of the area on May 29. The 7 kms stretch comprises residential areas and business establishments.An anti-encroachment drive was carried out in the area on Thursday. All the bus shelters on this route have been updated,\" municipal commissioner Narendra Singh Chauhan said.A senior UPSRTC official said a team of drivers and conductors had already undergone training to serve the commuters in a better way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694475", "title": "Commuters hit by lack of bus schedules", "text": "NOIDA: Public transport users have been facing a tough time in Greater Noida as it is becoming increasingly difficult to know the time table of the buses run by the Uttar Pradesh State Transport Corporation (UPSRTC). The transport corporation has failed to put up signboards showing the route numbers and timings of buses at the stops resulting in commuters facing a lot of hassle in planning their journey.Residents complain that not only are bus frequencies erratic, but, in the absence of intra-district bus service from Greater Noida, they also have to first travel to Noida to take buses for nearby districts. The UPSRTC says that though it runs a few buses to neighbouring districts and Delhi, proper services and bus schedules are in the process of being worked out by determining the volume of passengers across different routes.\"While the government claims that it will make Greater Noida a world-class city, the absence of a robust public transport system is a big hindrance,\" said KP Singh Tomar of Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida. \"We are at a complete loss when it comes to boarding a bus for any destination as the transport corporation has not made any schedule available to us. In Delhi, there are signages of routes at bus shelters, but none exist in Greater Noida despite our repeated requests,\" added Tomar.The UPSRTC runs 78 buses in Greater Noida out of which 20 travel to Delhi after passing through various sectors of the twin cities. Eight buses travel to the nearby district of Bulandshahr and six to Ghaziabad. Two buses travel to the nearby town of Gulaothi. However, residents are harried over the non-availability of a time table that would help them board any particular bus.\"We had also requested the transport corporation to start services from Greater Noida to important cities in nearby states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, but nothing has been done about it,\" said Vikram Kasana of the Evergreen Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida. \"For travelling to Roorkee or Dehradun, for instance, we have to first travel to Noida from where such services run,\" added Kasana.The UPSRTC claims that it is working upon a proper schedule, which would not only be helpful for commuters but also generate adequate revenue to enable a robust service. \"Buses on any route in Greater Noida do not get the same volume of passengers every day,\" said KK Sharma, a senior official of UPSRTC. \"We are trying out different permutations and combinations of routes every day to determine those that are in demand. A proper schedule can be developed only after determining this,\" added Sharma.The UPSRTC has claimed that they make buses for important destinations available at bus shelters in very less time intervals. \"We ensure that buses for important destinations are available within a frequency of 15-20 minutes and no pockets are left out from picking passengers,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13693732", "title": "Sahara eyes Bangladesh cricket!", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian cricket team's sponsor Sahara group could soon become the sponsor of the Bangladesh cricket team for the next four years. According to reports in the media, Sahara Matribhumi, the Bangladesh subsidiary of Sahara group, has made an offer of $9.4 million for sponsoring the Bangladesh team for a four-year period, overhauling the bids of telecom companies - Grameenphone ($3.4 mi) and Robi ($4).Both Sahara and Bangladesh Cricket Board's Mustafa Kamal said that no decision has been taken in this regard, but a meeting of BCB's marketing committee will finalise the deal. \"The national team's sponsorship, which is the main component of the tenders that we had invited, has been offered 2.3 million dollars per year by Sahara,\" Kamal was quoted as saying in the media. \"We expect the revenue to be around Tk 110 crore during this four-year period. It was unimaginable a few years ago but more than the money, I think it will be a turning point if we can have Sahara with us.\"All the tenders are for a four-year period. I hope that we can finalise the deal in the next few days. We haven't made a decision on the tenders; I'm just letting you know about the highest bid we've got.\"Sahara group chairman Subrata Roy had said in Dhaka last week that the group was keen on sponsoring the Bangladesh team. \"Though I am not announcing it right now, I can say that we may see the same logo (Sahara India on Indian team jerseys) on the jerseys of Bangladesh cricket team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13696806", "title": "Pakistan based militants deny links with Osama doctor", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan-based militant groups accused of conspiring with a doctor recruited by CIA to hunt down bin Laden said on Thursday they had nothing to do with him and would kill him if they got a chance.While Pakistani officials had earlier said Dr Shakeel Afridi was jailed for his links with CIA, a court document which surfaced on Wednesday states the doctor was actually sentenced for his ties with banned terror group, Lashkar-e-Islam.Spokesmen of Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e-Islam denied Afridi was in league with them.TTP spokesperson Ehsanullah Ehsan said the government was staging a drama to free Afridi under US pressure. \"The penalty for Afridi is death. We believe he will be in America soon. Osama was our hero and Afridi helped the US kill him. He is our enemy.\" Lashkar-e-Islam spokesperson Abdur Rasheed said, \"We have no link with Afridi. If we find him we'll eliminate him.\"The tribal court which convicted Afridi had referred to an intelligence report which said the doctor had paid Rs 2 million to Lashkar-e-Islami during his stint at a government hospital in Khyber. Refuting the charge, Rasheed said it was a fine slapped on Afridi after locals complained of fake surgeries and overcharging.Until the release of the detailed judgment, Pak officials said Afridi was convicted for helping the CIA. in its Abbottabad raid. But the tribal court cited lack of jurisdiction for trying the doctor for treason and recommended legal proceedings in a relevant court. A treason charge entails punishment by death.The US has sought clarification on the confusing signals coming from Pakistan. \"We do not believe this new story on Dr Afridi,\" a senior Obama administration official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695245", "title": "Bill Gates: Philanthropy can be a lot of fun", "text": "New Delhi: Philanthropy, according to Bill Gates , can be \"so much fun\". The billionaire philanthropist who donated a large chunk of his personal wealth to find cures for neglected diseases says he loves to sit and chat with the rich and share ideas on how best their personal wealth can help the society at large.In an interview to TOI, Gates said, \"Even as India has got wealthier, I am hopeful that philanthropy too will go up. I love to tell wealthy people how philanthropy is so much fun.\"Gates will join some of India's richest in Bangalore on June 1 at the invitation of Azim Premji and Ratan Tata to talk about philanthropy. Officials of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation said it is a personal by-invitation-only event.In his annual letter recently, Gates said, \"When Warren Buffett, Melinda, and I were in India in March 2011, we sat down with around 60 wealthy families to hear from them about Indian philanthropy and share our experiences. Azim Premji, one of the pioneers of philanthropy in India, joined us for the panel discussion.\"One thing that really struck me in both the Giving Pledge meeting and the India get-together is that a key factor holding people back from being even more generous is finding philanthropic endeavors that make them feel like they are having a significant and unique impact. It has me thinking a lot harder about how we can use the web to make it easier for givers of all sizes to connect to causes and see the results of their giving.\"On Thursday, Gates said, \"India now has amazing philanthropists like Premji, Nandan Nilekani and the Tata family.\"Talking about his the 'Giving Pledge' programme, Gates said in his recent letter that it entailed wealthy individuals and families making a simple pledge to give away a majority of their wealth during their lifetime or in their will.\"It has already grown to 69 people, which is more than we expected when we started. As we began 2012, we heard from several people who said they plan to take the pledge very soon. We're hopeful that many others will follow,\" Gates said.So did Gates expect India's super rich to open up their wallets for philanthropy when he came down last time? \"That meeting wasn't really to raise money. It was just to share our experiences about philanthropy,\" he said.The last time Gates spoke to TOI, he had said, \"I have no agenda. I just want to share my personal experience. I just want to have a conversation with Indian billionaires on their views of philanthropy. I will not be visiting with any set or high expectations.\"Gates and Warren Buffett held a similar discussion in Beijing in November with 50 Chinese business leaders.\"Every philanthropist picks up causes he believes in. During my China visit, I learnt about Chinese culture and their philanthropic traditions and told them how we do things. Government policies in China need to encourage philanthropy,\" Gates said.Gates and Buffet have made headlines worldwide for roping in western tycoons into pledging at least half their wealth for the world's good. They have signed up 58 philanthropists, including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, investor Carl Icahn and AOL co-founder Steve Case for the Giving Pledge project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13696118", "title": "Goa police fabricated records in Dudu case: Central Bureau of Investigation", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police has done several mistakes in the investigations into the alleged police-drugs mafia nexus case and has also fabricated records making it difficult to file a charge-sheet based on current evidence, the CBI special court was informed on Thursday. The special court gave eight days police custody to the five anti-narcotics cell (ANC) constables of the Goa police, who were arrested on Wednesday for allegedly planting drugs on Israeli drug peddler David Driham alias Dudu.Goa police on Thursday suspended the five constables after they were arrested by CBI investigating the police-politician-drug mafia nexus. CBI has so far not named any politician in the case. Speaking to TOI, ANC SP Waman Tari said, \"We have suspended the ANC constables following their arrest in the Dudu case.\"Speaking to mediapersons after the court granted custody of the constables, CBI deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Praveen Salunkhe said, \"The CBI SP and inspector will investigate the matter further.\" Salunkhe added, \"During police custody, we will conduct investigation on why the constables were forced into the illegal act.\"Asked whether any senior officers who were working in the ANC during that time would be arrested for investigation, Salunkhe replied, \"Who will be arrested and what his or her role was, will be a part of the investigation. Everybody will be taken for investigation.\"Salunkhe said one case that the CBI is investigating is on the allegations of theft of drugs from police custody. \"We are waiting for the report of chemical analysis to find from where this drug was brought and how it was distributed through the peddlers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13694062", "title": "Stall elections: HC to MHA", "text": "MUMBAI: \"We are doing what we are doing, for the love of the game,\" is a pathetic run-of-the-mill proclamation made often by officials associated with India's national sport - hockey. While some (barely a handful) go about their jobs earnestly, there are scores who cause irreparable damage by letting their egos rule.The Mumbai Hockey Association's (MHA) managing committee versus the city's former players' battle is a classic case. Almost two and half years since Mumbai's hockey players put forth a request to be admitted as members of the MHA, officials have not paid any heed, leave alone discuss the possibility of granting former and current hockey players membership of the MHA and subsequently, voting rights.Despite reminders from players and reprimands from the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) and the Maharashtra Government, MHA officials have stood their ground.So, the players who are being represented by Murali Agniswar, a former national player, had no choice but to move court.\"MHA officials are treating us like dirt,\" says Agniswar. \"It has been more than two and a half years since we proposed for memberships, but nothing has come out of it so far.\"We had to take the course of the law to wake them up from their slumber,\" says Agniswar, who after filing a petition in the Mumbai High Court, has managed to stall the MHA elections, which have to be completed by the June end.But before moving court, the players did all that they could to present their case objectively. They had also approached the IHF for help. IHF for their part, sought an explanation from the MHA and had recommended that the parties arrive at an amicable solution.MHA officials, however, in a reply to the IHF's letter dated April 22, expressed their inability to accommodate more members.The IHF then in its reply (copies of the entire correspondence are available with the TOI) strongly reprimanded the MHA officials. The IHF in their letter, signed by honorary general secretary, Ashok Mathur, were curious to know if the MHA did actually get the necessary sanctions for carrying out non-hockey related activities, like renting premises for weddings, functions, etc.The IHF also brought to MHA's notice that the issue was an old one and implicated that MHA officials deliberately delayed proceedings to accommodate more members. The letter also said that the actions of the MHA officials have brought disrepute and embarrassment not only to the players, but also the IHF, the sole governing body of hockey in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699822", "title": "Usha Uthup wants to do B'wood movies", "text": "She took the audience by surprise appearing in Saat Khoon Maaf and singer Usha Uthup says she is looking forward to some meaty roles in Bollywood now.The 64-year-old singer played a loyal help to Priyanka Chopra's character in the film directed by Vishal Bhardwaj. She even lent her voice to the hit song Darling in the film.\"I am waiting for good roles, looking for something meaty. In the meantime I have done a bit of acting in Kerala and Bengal. I hope I get some offers in Bollywood, another good role like I did in Saat Khoon Maaf, \" Usha told PTI.She is nominated in the best playback singer category alongwith Rekha Bhardwaj for the track \"Darling\" at the upcoming IIFA awards. The song has already got her a Filmfare award this year.\"I hope I win the IIFA award too,\" said Usha.Besides being nominated, the singer is going to perform at the IIFA Rocks in Singapore on June 8, the night before the awards ceremony. She will be performing in collaboration with Leslie Lewis and Hariharan to mark 100 years of Indian Cinema.\"The combination of me, Hariharan and Leslie Lewis is amazing. Who would imagine the three of us teaming up? Our performance is a tribute to 100 years of Indian Cinema. It's been a real tough call shortlisting songs from so many decades and from among hundreds of hit tracks,\" she said.This is the first time she would be collaborating professionally with Lewis and Hariharan. Usha says she is looking forward to the performance as they have been friends for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695468", "title": "Jayant Kumar Banthia is Maharashtra's new chief secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday appointed Jayant Kumar Banthia, IAS officer of 1977 batch, as the new chief secretary in place of Ratnakar Gaikwad, who retired on May 31.Banthia, who was the additional chief secretary (public health), will have a tenure of exactly one year. In the zone of consideration were additional chief secretary (school education) J S Saharia and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. Apparently, state pollution control board chairman J S Sahani and additional chief secretary (general administration) Anna Dani, both belonging to the 1976 batch, were not considered as they will be retiring soon. Dani is retiring on June 30, while Sahani will retire on October 30.A section of bureaucrats were expecting that Gaikwad will get an extension of three to six months, however, he had made it clear to Chavan that he was not keen. In the recent past, former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, former chief secretaries Prem Kumar and Johny Joseph and former DGP Ajit Parasnis were granted extension after retirement.After his initial postings as chief executive officer of a zilla parishad, Banthia was appointed collector, Bhandara. After a three-year stint, he took up a central deputation post as director of census operations under the ministry of home affairs, where he was promoted as registrar general and census commissioner and held the post till May 2005. In June 2005, he was appointed the chief technical advisor with the United Nations population fund. On January 6, 2010, he returned to the state government and was appointed commissioner, family welfare. Last year, he was promoted as additional chief secretary (public health).The biggest challenge before Banthia will be to convince Chavan on filling up key vacancies and shifting of 50 bureaucrats, who have completed their three-year tenure long back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694639", "title": "HC questions cops\u2019 role in tax evasion cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wondering what the civil police had got to do with the issue of tax evasion, justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court on Thursday granted bail to jewellers T Venkata Naga Jayasri and Rachapudi Sudheer, the owners of the city's RSR Jewellers.The owners had lodged a complaint with the police after a burglary on May 7 at their jewellery shop at Chikadpally.In the course of the investigation, the police proceeded against the owners of the shop for alleged evasion of Value Added Tax. They were arrested on May 23 and lodged at Chanchalguda jail. They said that their prosecution by police lacked sanction of law in the absence of permission from the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13699094", "title": "JNU, DU get grants for creating infrastructure for differently-abled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University have received a Rs 11.6 crore grant for creating infrastructure for the differently-abled.The grant has been released by the ministry of social justice and empowerment recently to make the campuses barrier free. While JNU has received Rs 8.51 crore, DU has been earmarked Rs 3.11 crore to make the premises accessible to persons with disabilities.Thanks to the grant, hostels in JNU will now get elevator facilities as well as special pathways in the campus for the differently-abled. Moreover, the reading rooms in the library which has been out of reach for the differently-abled will be made accessible.\"Although the grant will not suffice to make all the 62 buildings accessible, some of the buildings will be made barrier free as well as there will be a walkway in the campus for the differently-abled. We have set up a special committee to prepare a plan for the same. With this grant we will be able to offer elevators in the hostels and some of the buildings, mostly academic and libraries will be made completely accessible. Accessibility to the reading rooms of the central library has been an issue and we will resolve it soon,\" said the vice chancellor of JNU, S K Sopory.Meanwhile, in DU, despite a series of measure, majority of the buildings are not completely barrier free. Moreover, the special bus introduced two years ago is a non-starter. While majority of the departments don't have barrier free facilities, some of the colleges like SGTB Khalsa and Miranda House on their own did created differently-abled friendly infrastructure.Agreeing that a lot needs to be done on this front, vice chancellor of DU, Dinesh Singh rued the fact that infact important buildings like the Arts Faculty have no user friendly toilets.\"I met a differently-abled girl in the first floor of the Arts Faculty and when I asked her how she managed to climb the floors she said that her father help her every day. There are no user friendly toilets as well. Unfortunate part is that we can't touch the Arts Faculty building as it is a heritage structure,\" said Singh. Singh said that the university is working on a plan to have permanent differently-abled friendly infrastructure in Gwyer Hall (men's hostel), law and arts faculties and PG women's hostel. \"If the plan progress as scheduled, in one year time we will make these buildings completely accessible to people disabilities,\" assured Singh.The grant to DU University has been released to make 80 buildings in its North and South Campuses, including administrative and academic blocks, conference centre, libraries, hostels and two guest houses accessible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13698409", "title": "Microsoft hires designers for Windows 8 apps", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft is so eager to have a panoply of applications for the next version of its Windows operating system that it has lined up design firms, recruited interns and sent engineers on an around-the-world road show to help developers get them built.Unlike Apple and Google, which run the world's largest app stores, Microsoft doesn't have the luxury of waiting for programmers to come knocking when they want to create downloadable games, productivity tools or online magazines for its computer software.As Microsoft struggles to keep up with a technology landscape that is moving beyond personal computers into a future defined by mobile devices, the company is under pressure to gain a toehold in tablets. Demand for these handheld machines is driven by apps, which Gartner predicts will generate $58 billion in sales in 2014.\"It's going to be very important to have a lot of apps,\" said Bill Predmore, president at Pop, a Seattle-based company that designs and develops apps, including a Windows 8 app for Major League Soccer. \"You're competing with the iPad. You have to have some compelling alternative to that.\"Microsoft, which is working on a revamped version of its flagship software -- Windows 8 -- today released an almost- complete iteration called a Release Preview. The company also said for the first time that it plans to have machines with the operating system on store shelves by year-end holidays.From scratch The machines that are most comparable to the iPad -- which boasts more than 200,000 apps -- won't be able to run older Windows apps, forcing Microsoft to start from scratch. The company is racing to fill the gap because consumers won't clamor for computers that lack an array of downloadable tools.Windows 8 is the first Microsoft operating system for computers that use chips based on ARM Holdings technology. These chips are widely used in mobile devices, including the iPad. Trouble is, Microsoft's ARM-based devices will run only apps designed specifically for Windows 8 -- and none of the millions of programs already available for Intel-based machines.Hence the app-building drive. For much of February, app developers could come to Building 20 at Microsoft's Redmond, Washington campus and turn their app over to a Windows engineer who tries it out and provides feedback. Now Microsoft has taken that program on the road, visiting 87 cities, including New York , Paris and Guangzhou, China.Developers who are earlier in the process -- those with an idea yet no app -- can attend a different program called an App Acceleration Lab to get advice on shaping their product.Moonlighting staff Another Microsoft-led effort has been in place since September. The company has trained more than 80 design firms to aid or build apps for developers who aren't familiar with Windows' new design or design in general, said Catherine Brooker, a spokeswoman for Microsoft.As with Windows Phone, Microsoft encouraged its own employees to write apps by waiving so-called moonlighting restrictions on workers, which keep staff from writing apps on their own time. Unlike with Windows Phone, Microsoft is not paying app developers to build for Windows 8.The company is also running a 12-week paid internship program called the Foundry at its New England Research and Development Center, NERD for short. There, 22 college students in the program will build Windows 8 apps while getting training, product reviews and mentorship from Microsoft.With traditional PCs, it wasn't hard to convince developers to build programs for Windows, the dominant operating system.Convincing skeptics Microsoft's tablet challenge is steeper. It must win over app firms and developers that grew up building programs for smartphones and tablets, where Microsoft has little and no share, respectively.Microsoft's pitch: Unlike the old apps that don't work with some Windows 8 devices, the new ones will be available not only to buyers of tablets, but also to the more than 300 million buyers of Windows PCs. That won over SigFig, a maker of a program that lets users track investments.Some programmers remain unconvinced of the need to make games, magazines or other online tools for a software maker more than two years late to the tablet market. Facebook, the largest social network, has no plans to make a Windows 8 app even though it makes apps for the iOS and Android , according to a person with knowledge of the matter.Flipboard, whose CEO is ex-Microsoft executive Mike McCue, isn't planning a Windows 8 version, said Marci McCue, head of marketing at the Palo Alto , California-based company. Flipboard's app, which aggregates a user's social-networking feeds, has built apps for the iPad and tablets that run Android.Waiting game Other big app makers, including Zynga, PopCap Games, Twitter, Pandora Media and Amazon.com , declined to comment on their plans for Windows 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13694873", "title": "Mysore witnesses near-total bandh", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore joined the rest of the cities in India in the nationwide protest against hike in petrol prices by shutting down businesses on Thursday. The bandh, which was near total and peaceful, inconvenienced people here.A family from Bijapur was stranded at the city bus stand following suspension of bus services after 8am. Kumar, an employee attached to KSRTC, was on his way to Suttur village, to drop his school-going children and a nephew, who had come to their home town for vacation. After alighting from a train, they came to the bus stand to reach JSS Free Residential School (Suttur), which is 26km from Mysore. Kumar said luckily they had brought food which was sufficient for breakfast and lunch.Almost every business establishment on Devaraja Urs Road, Sayyaji Rao Road and Ashoka Road, and those in the heart of the city were shut. There was mixed response to the protest from residential extensions in northeast of the city. All cinema halls had suspended morning and matinee shows, while fuel stations remained closed. Public transport services too were suspended, following damage to buses in northern Karnataka.There was a drop in the number of visitors to Mysore zoo, the popular tourist destination. Authorities said they received just over 1,200 visitors as against the daily average of 8,000. However, Mysore Palace's parking lot was full. The strike did not affect medical stores, milk booths, hospitals, shops and government offices. But the banks remained shut.Meanwhile, all the 21 trains operated as per schedule from Mysore city. But passengers who came to Mysore faced difficulty in the absence of public transport.Early in the morning, a section of BJP workers allegedly forced some shop owners to down their shutters and stopped buses and autorickshaws. But police intervened and stopped the workers. Armed with party flags, they took out a rally across the city in tongas.Police commissioner K L Sudheer told TOI that bandh was peaceful and no untoward incident was reported.The district administration had announced a holiday for schools in the wake of the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695815", "title": "CM dubs bandh a failure, BJP MLAs create ruckus", "text": "NEW DELHI: The reverberations of the BJP's call for a Delhi bandh were felt in the assembly with opposition benches raising slogans, MLAs moving into the well to prevent the house from functioning in protest against the petrol price hike and proposal to impose VAT on CNG.After two adjournments for disrupting the house proceedings, the speaker directed BJP MLAs to be marshaled out of the House and suspended them from participating in the proceedings for three days. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the bandh was a 'total flop'.After BJP MLAs were removed from the House, Congress MLA Mukesh Sharma moved a proposal for a discussion on how BJP's call for Bharat bandh \"resulted in a lot of inconvenience to people and loss to government and as well as traders across the country\".Congress MLAs decried the BJP move claiming that the bandh was ineffective. Ironically, the same MLAs assailed BJP for forcing people to shut shops and blocking traffic.Launching a broadside on BJP, Dikshit termed the bandh a 'total failure' in Delhi and accused the party of blocking roads and creating inconvenience to people.\"I thank the people of Delhi for not supporting the bandh. I spoke to senior police officials and they said only minor incidents had taken place,\" Dikshit said in the Assembly.Taking potshots at BJP legislators, Dikshit said the BJP leaders were insensitive. \"They came in air-conditioned cars to the house but their workers were out in the heat on a day when the temperature was around 45 degrees to ensure the bandh was successful,\" she said.She said all the major markets were open and the bandh failed to have an impact. \"They (BJP) should first practice what they preach,\" Dikshit said. Congress MLAs adopted a resolution decrying the BJP bandh as a failure.On the other hand the state BJP leadership said the CM's remarks reflected the discomfiture of Congress.\"If the bandh was not effective why would the Congress discuss the issue for an hour in the assembly. The discussion reflects that the party is worried and was affected by the bandh,\" BJP state president Vijender Gupta said. \"People supported the bandh and the effectiveness of the bandh reflects public anger against Congress that is not just limited to petrol hike. VAT on CNG has added to the discontent,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696206", "title": "Maharashtra electricity distribution body fudging loss figures to justify tariff hike: Pratap Hogade", "text": "NAGPUR: Power consumer activist Pratap Hogade has charged that MSEDCL had fudged figures to artificially reduce the distribution losses and thereby seek a sharp hike in tariff. The distributor has sought a tariff hike of 18% for 2012-13. Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had increased power rates by almost 10% in December 2011.Hogade claimed that MSEDCL's distribution loss figure for the state - 16.27% - was completely misleading. \"The losses in supplying high tension (HT) industrial consumers was only up to 6% and for low tension (LT) industries it was between 6% and 12%. MSEDCL inflates unmetered agricultural consumption - as this cannot be verified - to reduce the losses by 7% to 10%. If these factors are taken into account, the LT loss is still between 35% and 40%.\"MSEDCL, however, is trying to create an impression that it has brought down the losses and whatever tariff hike is needed is due to increase in cost of generation, infrastructure projects, etc. If the facts come to light, consumers will demand that MSEDCL first sets its house in order before seeking a tariff hike,\" Hogade, who is the president of consumer organization MRVGS, charged.Hogade rued that MERC had turned a blind eye to these facts in spite of consumers bringing them to its notice several times. \"During the hearing on load-shedding, MERC had told the consumers that as price of coal was increasing by the day, consumers should be ready for higher power bills. This way it indirectly supported MSEDCL's stand instead of taking it to task for corruption and inefficiency,\" he said.\"If MSEDCL's tariff hike is approved as it is, it will increase the cost of power to consumers by an average 85 paise per unit. In June 2009, the average cost was Rs 3.62 per unit. Now MSEDCL wants it to increase to Rs 5.19 per unit, which is very high compared to other states,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695865", "title": "Need to re-define BPL criteria for urban poor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urbanisation has led to migration of poor people from rural to urban areas in want of a better standard of living. By 2030, nearly 50% of the population will stay in urban areas. In order to extend the benefits of BPL (Below Poverty Line) schemes to the poor people, there is a need to bring in more poor people under the BPL cap, as most of the poor people do not fall under this cap, and hence they have not been able to avail the benefits.Policy analyst Sanjay Vijay Vergiya said people who come under BPL are given grains at subsidised rates, free education and employment guarantee. \"Since many do not come under the BPL cap, how can schemes help in eradicating poverty,\" Vergiya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13696335", "title": "Music schools in Nagaland soon", "text": "KOHIMA: The Nagaland government is expected to soon establish a music school in every district of the state. Announcing this at a function here, MLA and adviser of Music Task Force Nicky Kire said on Monday that the main purpose of opening music schools in all the 11 districts of the state is to identify and recognize the musical talent of Naga youth and channeling it in a professional manner.The schools would provide a platform for Naga youths can explore their latent talent and earn a livelihood, said Kire.He urged youngsters to get rid of their fixation on securing government jobs and encouraged them to explore areas they are good in to earn their livelihood. He added everyone cannot get government jobs as the sector has already reached a saturation point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13695943", "title": "Chicken becomes popular as price dips", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Good news for chicken lovers. The mobile outlet of the Meat Products of India Ltd (MPI), a state government undertaking, is being stationed in front of Connemara Market here everyday from Thursday.The sudden increase in demand for chicken owing to the dip in price has forced the stationing of the mobile outlet for the whole week, said MPI managing director Ani S Das. It was this Tuesday that the price of chicken recorded a fall. The broiler chickens' price took a plummet from Rs 170 to Rs 135 per kg. The price of chicken curry cut pieces, on the other hand, has come down by Rs 25 with a 500 gm packet now bearing a cost of Rs 75 only. Until this week, the mobile unit in front of Connemara Market was open only during weekends.Last month the MPI outlets in the city sold 2 tonnes of its products. \"We hope to cross that figure in a week,\" said Das. \"Though we sell other meat products like mutton, beef and pork, chicken has the highest demand,\" he said.The official attributed the dip in prices to the increase in production. He said that the automatic poultry processing plant that was installed in February started working to its full capacity recently. \"The plant has increased the productivity and the quality of the chicken products. In a single shift we process around 2,500 fowls,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695210", "title": "Congress looks to stir BJP's internal battles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress waded into the choppy saffron waters with general secretary Digvijay Singh making common cause with L K Advani in targeting BJP chief Nitin Gadkari by calling him a \"businessman in politics\".Advani on Thursday kicked up a row by writing in his blog that recent controversies had taken the sheen off the BJP campaign against corruption. While not naming Gadkari directly, Advani referred to his decisions like induction of tainted leader Babu Singh Kushwaha in the party, and the goings on in Jharkhand and Karnataka to say the party had failed to come up to people's expectations.As the web comments led to reports of faction fighting in BJP, Digvijay Singh told reporters, \"It is an internal matter of BJP but the fact remains that Gadkari, who has never won an election, is calling the shots in BJP. He is more a businessman than politician, and Gadkari's dealings in Jharkhand as well as with regards to B S Yeddyurappa and Narendra Modi reflect this. And if you compare his assets now to his assets before he became the PWD minister in Maharashtra, you would see this.\"The comment, obviously given with much glee, appeared to side with the BJP patriarch to slam Gadkari. While Digvijay's convergence with Advani did not square up with his routine sniping against the \"Rath Yatri\" for fomenting \"communalism\", it appeared an attempt to stir the already choppy waters in the BJP camp.Advani's sudden call for introspection appeared to help the Centre since it distracted from the saffron campaign against Congress, especially by coinciding with the Opposition's nationwide strike against hike in fuel prices. The factionalism in BJP dominated the news channels, taking the pressure of Congress which has been the butt of negative news over corruption, policy paralysis and price rise.The blog sent a wave of relief in Congress. Besides Singh's trademark aggression, Congress leaders spoke freely on how Advani had vindicated their stance that the opposition was ignoring its own corruption to target the Centre.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said, \"We are happy that Advani has accepted our advice of self-examination and introspection...Advani has realized corruption in BJP. It is a good sign.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13696193", "title": "Row over renovation at Gandhi Ashram", "text": "WARDHA: There seems to be no end to the controversies over Gandhi ashram in Wardha. This time, what has annoyed Gandhi lovers is the way renovation of one of the kutis is being done.Ashram Pratishtan is repairing Mahadev Kuti, using cement and concrete materials, while Gandhi Ashram has been the only ashram which has maintained the originality of the kutis made during Gandhi's stay in the ashram. Even the ashram at Sabarmati in Gujarat has been renovated with concrete materials. The kutis at Sewagram Gandhi Ashram include Bapu Kuti, Ba Kuti, Adi Niwas, Bapu's office and Mahadev Kuti.Gandhi had established the ashram in 1936 and made several huts (kutis) as per the requirement. Adi Niwas was the residence of all the guests who used to visit the ashram to meet Gandhi. In Bapu Kuti Gandhi used to stay and Ba Kuti was for Kasturba Gandhi and women visitors, while Mahadev Kuti was meant for Mahadev Bhai and other several colleagues, who were working with Gandhi.Mahadev Kuti was made in 1940 for Mahadev Desai, who was Gandhi's personal secretary. Mahadev stayed with Gandhi from 1917 to 1942. He died at Aga Khan Palace in Pune on Augest 15, 1942. His kuti at Wardha was made of bamboo and mud. All the kutis including the ashram as a whole attract Gandhi lovers from across the world due to its originality.While the Ashram Pratishtan managed to protect the other four kutis, it failed to maintain Mahadev Kuti, which is a strong reminder of Gandhi's relation with Mahadev Desai. Now, the management is repairing it with cement and concrete materials.Annoyed with the move of the management, a Gandhian said, \"If the management could not abide by the responsibility and duty to maintain the ashram, it should not disturb its originality and dignity.\"When contacted, MM Gadkari, president of the Ashram Pratishtan said, \"it is a usual process,\" but refused to address the worries of the Gandhi lovers. The ashram has been in controversy for more than one year, ever since Gandhi's specs were stolen, and the inquiry was referred to the state CID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13694174", "title": "Illegal water connection drive suspended", "text": "NASHIK: A survey conducted by CIDCO's divisional office to spot illegal water connections in the CIDCO area and subsequently fine offenders has been suspended. The reason cited is lack of police protection against aggressive residents.The Nashik Municipal Corporation's water supply department had begun the survey early in May. Superintending engineer of the department, RK Pawar, had said that since the CIDCO area was particularly affected by illegal connections, it would be surveyed on a priority basis. But, according to Ashok Wagh, divisional officer of CIDCO, the drive had to be discontinued because the staff encountered problem from residents last week. \"We have asked for police protection while conducting the survey and are waiting for a reply,\" he said.The survey found 15 illegal water connections and the offenders were slapped a fine of Rs 2,500.The officials also confiscated the electric motors from ten persons and two were fined Rs 500 each.\"People connect the motors directly to the water meters. One electric motor draws water for 10-12 households. We have disconnected five illegal taps and installed taps for all 15 residents. But we had to suspend the drive because residents started complaining and getting aggressive,\" said an official.He said that in one instance, a person, Nana Gharte from Uttamnagar, had an electric motor which he would not let officials confiscate. \"He asked us to supply sufficient water first,\" the official said.Constable P V Rane of the Ambad police station said an application seeking protection had been submitted to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13694709", "title": "Varun Gandhi performs 'pindadan' at Gaya", "text": "GAYA: Varun Gandhi , the Pilibhit BJP MP and son of the late Sanjay Gandhi, on Thursday performed \"pindadan\" for the final salvation of ancestral souls at the Vishnupad temple and performed other rituals at Narayan Bali and Tripindi \"vedis (altars)\" for the \"rectification of 'pitradosh' that resulted in two assassinations and one accidental death in the Nehru-Gandhi family\".Whereas Varun's grandmother Indira Ganhi and uncle Rajiv Gandhi were assassinated, his father Sanjay Gandhi died in a tragic plane crash a few months after Varun's birth.According to Varun's family priest Ganesh Lal Hal, , the rituals conducted at Narayan Bali and Tripindi \"vedis\" ward off the evil spirits that cause unnatural death and rectify the \"pitradosh\" to protect the progeny from the effects of a jinxed lineage. The junior Gandhi performed the rituals before offering \"pindas\" to make wandering and restless ancestral souls \"tript (satisfied)\" to enable them (souls) acquire content and final rest.With Thursday's spiritual presentation, Varun became the first member of the Nehru-Gandhi family in the preceding four generations to perform the mandatory post-death rituals. Motil Lal Nehru, grandfather of Varun's father Sanjay Gandhi, was the last member of the family to have performed \"pindadan\" about 100 years back, Mahesh Lal Guput, a prominent Gayawal panda, said. The Sijuar clan of Gayawal pandas conducted the rituals when Moti Lal Nehru performed \"pindadan\", said Guput.Varun arrived for the \"pindadan\" at about 8 am on Thursday by a charter flight and flew back in the afternoon after performing the rituals spread over nearly six hours at different locations, including Vishnupad and Narayan Bali. The rituals got prolonged due to \"pitradosh\" rectification exercise. Whereas the narrative part of the rituals was conducted by a team of priests, led by Acharya Chandra Shekhar Shastri, \"suphal (certificate of successful soul salvation)\" was given by Ganesh Lal Hal, the superior priest. Shastri was assisted by priests from Varanasi whose services were specially requisitioned for the rituals.Varun's priests believe that after the rectification of \"pitradosh\", Varun's political career, which of late became somewhat nondescript, will take new wings.Besides performing the rituals for the salvation of father Sanjay Gandhi's soul, Varun also made similar prayers for uncle Rajiv Gandhi, grandfather Firoz Gandhi, grandmother Indira Gandhi and great grandfather Jawahar Lal Nehru .During a brief and unscheduled chat with some mediapersons near Vishnupad temple, Varun said he believed in rituals and their positive effects. Describing himself as \"a spiritual person\", Varun said he wants to build a \"dharamshala\" in memory of his father at Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13693558", "title": "Makran fault line can stir tsunami: Experts", "text": "SURAT: Though the possibility of an earthquake in the coastal areas of Gujarat is very low, the active fault line known as the Iran-Pakistan-Makran fault line could pose the great danger of generating a tsunami in the Arabian Sea. That could affect the whole of the 1,600 km long Gujarat coast.Kutch is an area where maximum damage could be caused by an earthquake in the sea, above the magnitude of 7 on the Richter scale. \"Our coastlines have not been active for the past 50 years, except for the Bhavnagar coast where some years back a quake of 5 magnitude on the Richter scale was reported,\" said Dr B K Rastogi, the director of Institute of Seismological research (ISR) Gandhinagar. \"However, that incident did not cause any problem as the magnitude was much lower than 7 or 7.5.\"Rastogi went on to add, \"But if something happens in the Makran fault line and a quake above 8 magnitude is reported at a greater depth, that could be disastrous for the Gujarat coastline.\" At present, there was no indication that the fault line was active, he said. \"But if a tsunami originates in the Arabian Sea due to the Makran fault line, Gujarat, Maharastra and Karnataka will bear the brunt,\" he said. \"In Kutch, waves could go as high as 12-15 metres, and there will be widespread damage to Gujarat's coastal areas, including South Gujarat coast. Large swaths of land will be inundated.\"Professor Mahesh Desai of SVNIT said: \"We need to take utmost care now as the Makran fault line's activity time - according to the yearly cycle - falls in the middle of the year, and it could activate dead fault lines in and around Gujarat causing maximum damage.\"Dr Atul Desai of SVNIT, a guide to many students pursuing a doctorate in the subject, said: \"A research paper of 1974 has shown that an earthquake of 7 magnitude on land on the Makran fault line caused a tsunami and the direction of the waves changed.\" He added, \"It can be good for the state's coastline or it could be a catastrophe, depending on the direction it takes.\"These discussions have come up following six major cyclones in Kutch after 1990. A cyclone has its origin in the sea and the main reason for a cyclone is the changes in upper atmospheric strata. Dr Rastogi said, \"A cyclone or increasing sea temperatures have got nothing do to with an earthquake.\" Two plates have been set up in the Arabian Sea to provide a tsunami warning; June and July are considered to be the most probable months for the occurrence of such disasters.ISR is preparing a model to gauge the scope of damage if a disaster occurs as there is no forewarning mechanism. But once a disaster event starts, an alert could be given sufficiently early. A K Verma, Gujarat Ecology Commission's member-secretary said, \"We can't predict the timing of natural disasters. But with the changing atmospheric equations in Kutch, it is imperative to develop a modern coastal warning system for the whole of the coastal area.\"Grim history1. Following an earthquake at Sindri in Kutch of the magnitude of 7.8 on Richter scale, a tsunami effect originated, resulting in 8 metre high waves in the Arabian Sea. The whole coastline of Kutch was engulfed.2. An earthquake of the magnitude of 7 on Richter scale in Kutch - on June 19, 1845 - spurred a tsunami causing widespread damage.3. An earthquake on Makran fault line in Arabian Sea developed a tsunami on November 27, 1945. The whole western coastline of the country was dseverely affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13696579", "title": "\u2018Shedding tears at work boosts women\u2019s career\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has suggested that it is okay for women to cry at work. Sandberg asserted that she attributes her tears to part of her success.During a speech to Harvard Business School , the 42-year-old doled out career advice to graduating students, revealing details of how she paved her way to success in Silicon Valley, and addressed gender issues at work.\"I've cried at work. I've told people I've cried at work... I try to be myself,\" the Daily Mail quoted Sandberg as saying. \"I talk about my hopes and fears and ask people about theirs... [I am] honest about my strengths and weaknesses and I encourage others to do the same.\"A study shows, workplace tears do not seem to have the same career suicide stigma they used to, with 41% of women claiming they have cried at work, compared with 9% of men. In majority of these cases, it does not impact workplace performance, and in some instances, ability to show emotion can be viewed as an asset, says Anne Kreamer's new book, 'It's Always Personal: Emotion In The New Workplace'.However, Sandberg made the distinction between authentic tears, and manipulative waterworks, cautioning against dishonest weeping. \"As we strive to be more authentic in our communication , we should also strive to be more authentic in a broader sense. I talk a lot about bringing your whole self to work,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695918", "title": "Court fee, marriage Bills tabled in Assembly", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Court Fees (Delhi Amendment) Bill, 2012 - which proposes a 10-fold hike in fees - was introduced in the Assembly on Thursday.The Bill, approved by the Delhi cabinet in April, seeks to do away with stamp paper of all denominations and proposes a shift to the electronic-stamping facility, a move aimed at ensuring hassle-free transactions.Once the new rate comes into effect, revenue collection from court fees is expected to go up to Rs 500 crore annually from Rs 50 crore.The Delhi government also tabled the Delhi Registration of Marriage Bill in the Assembly. If passed, the bill will make it mandatory for every couple to register their marriage within 60 days of the wedding. Failure to do so will fetch a penalty of Rs 10,000. Also, if the couple provides any faulty information, they can be sent to jail.The Bill, which will be opened for discussion in the Assembly on Friday, makes registration of all marriages mandatory under the Hindu Marriage Act or Special Marriage Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13695315", "title": "Vested interests targeting me, says Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the emotional outburst by PM Manmohan Singh , foreign minister S M Krishna addressed the media over Team Anna's allegations against him saying that vested interests were targeting him and he was ready for any probe. Krishna said he would write to the prime minister in detail about the \"motivated\" allegations made against him.The foreign minister, however, added that it was highly improper for anyone to ask for another investigation when the Karnataka Lokayukta and high court had both found no truth in the charges against him. Team Anna had accused him of de-reserving forest land, about 10,000 hectares, for mining by private companies against what his forest minister had recommended.\"I have no reservations for any kind of inquiry or investigation. However, since Justice Santosh Hegde, as the Lokayukta of Karnataka, had conducted a detailed investigation and had exonerated me of any wrongdoing, it is highly improper for anyone to ask for another investigation again which is aimed only at disreputing me and to malign my 50 years of unblemished public life,\" he said.Krishna was non-committal though on whether he would file a defamation case against those who were making such allegations. \"If anybody makes personal allegations against me, then I deserve the right to react in a manner I think is proper,\" he said.On allegations that the state cabinet in 2002 led by him decided to de-reserve forest land, he said the issue was pending before the Supreme Court.Krishna said following the National Mineral Policy of 1993, the state cabinet decided to de-reserve mineral bearing areas which were till then reserved for state exploitation.\"No forest land as such were de-reserved but only the mineral bearing areas were de-reserved,\" he said, adding that if mineral bearing areas were found to be in forest lands, then prior approval from the Centre had to be taken for carrying out mining activity.In a letter to Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal last week, Krishna had said the allegations were wrong and baseless. \"Any action by you before public forum as threatened by you will be overreaching the judicial process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13696161", "title": "Rohtak shelter home girl found 6-months pregnant", "text": "ROHTAK: Medical examination of a deaf and dumb girl, who had been staying at the Rohtak shelter home for the last two years, has virtually confirmed the charges of sexual abuse of girls at the shelter home.The 20-year-old girl was among those shifted to Bhiwani's Baal Sewashram (child stay home) to decongest the Rohtak shelter home, which had 103 inmates.The girl had fallen unconscious two days ago and was taken to civil hospital at Bhiwani for a check-up during which doctors revealed that she had been six months pregnant, said a source.A medical team had carried out check-up of all the inmates a day after the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) raided the shelter home as investigators had failed to detect her pregnancy for nearly three weeks.This oversight has put the entire investigation under scanner as police have been in denial mode so far over charges about sexual abuse of girls.Rohtak DSP, Dharna Yadav, told TOI that they had failed to detect her pregnancy status during a routine medical examination on May 10, a day after the NCPCR raid.\"We wrote to civil surgeon, Rohtak to carry out medical examination of all the inmates, on which they constituted a board of doctors for the task. The doctors also carried out medical examination of all the 103 inmates, but I don't know how they had failed to detect the pregnancy of the girl. Nor she made any such indication when we questioned her\".Civil surgeon Dr V K Govila maintained that the team of doctors had carried out routine check-up for injuries on the girls on May 10.Later, the administration sent five girls to hospital for gynaecology tests, but this girl was not among them.District authorities had allegedly been dragging its feet over the demand for medical examination of girls, who had been suspected to be sexually abused at the shelter home.Initially, only one girl was sent to PGIMS, Rohtak for medical examination. Her report indicated that she had been sexually \"active\" and bruises on her back were obvious pointers, though the district police denied this, stating that the report had not revealed sexual abuse of the girl.Later, the Punjab and Haryana high court intervened and ordered medical examination of all such girls of the Rohtak shelter home at PGI, Chandigarh. \"We had sent eight girls to Chandigarh for medical examination and were awaiting the report,\" said Rohtak DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13695481", "title": "Centre to start routine immunisation plan for rapid improvement of health scenario", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With an aim to improve the immunization coverage in both rural and urban sectors, the Union government has come up with a novel plan to utilize a week/month for providing RI (routine immunization) services to people on priority areas. The officials of district health department will implement the plan from June. Notably, the Union government has declared 2012-13 as the year of intensification of routine immunization (IRI).Four rounds of immunization weeks will be held in low performing areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalized population etc to rapidly improve the health scenario.District immunization officer(DIO), Dr Ashutosh Kumar told TOI that \"Department has selected four days of a month (from June to September) wherein 'Immunization Round' would be taken on priority areas.\" He added that primary targets will be children under two years and pregnant women who have not received all due vaccines according to the National Immunization Schedule (NIS).However, other age-group children coming for vaccination will not be denied, if eligible to receive a vaccine under NIS.Chief Medical Officer (CMO), Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI that a series of sensitization meetings of leaders for the additional efforts under the immunization weeks has already held and solicit their active support in recruitment of social mobilizers to cover hard-to-reach areas.He added that under the Universal Immunization Programme (UIP), children are provided vaccination to prevent Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus (DPT), Polio, Measles, severe form of Childhood Tuberculosis (Bacillus Calmette-Guerinie), Hepatitis B and Tetanus for pregnant women. Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivatava said \"various steps have been taken under Immunization programme to increase coverage and these include support for logistics such as Alternate Vaccine Delivery (AVD), capacity building of service providers at all levels as well as strengthening reporting and management of Adverse Event Following Immunization (AEFI).He further added that efforts have been made for strengthening supportive supervision at all levels as well as involvement of ASHA for social mobilization of children.Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandan Lal said \"the key objective of the campaign is to improve full immunization coverage and reach all children, particularly in remote, inaccessible and backward areas as well as in urban slums\" . He added that \"the department has plans of updating of Micro plans to cover all villages and hamlets in the district and special immunization drives in pockets of low immunization coverage; Intensification of immunization activity by observing immunization weeks in low performing areas.The CMO, meanwhile, said that special focus has been paid towards migrant and mobile populations.Officials pointed out that the country has introduced second dose of measles vaccine in UP. The target is to vaccinate more than 12 crore children through Supplementary Immunization Activity (SIA) in 14 states of which 3.4 crore children have already been vaccinated.Dr Vivek Srivastava, said \"in order to track every child for assured delivery of immunization services, a web enabled name based tracking system has been put in place with a database of children. Parents are being sent SMS alerts before the due date of vaccination and health workers are also now receiving the list of children due for vaccination through SMS. This is expected to improve immunization coverage substantially within the next one year and facilitate real time reporting on immunization coverage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13695435", "title": "J Dey probe cop among 300 officers transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department cleared the names and transferred nearly 300 cops, from sub-inspectors to senior inspectors, on Thursday.Inspector Arun Chavan, who probed the J Dey murder case, has been transferred from the crime branch to Santa Cruz police station. He will replace Madhukar Choudhary, who has been transferred after seven years. Prakash Patil is the only police inspector who has been promoted from inspector to senior inspector and transferred to Dadar police station.The home department is likely to issue transfer orders of deputy commissioners and additional commissioners next week. Sources said additional commissioner of police (crime) Deven Bharti is due for transfer. Additional commissioner (north region) Vishwas Nagre Patil and additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar are the contenders who can replace Bharti. Niket Kaushik (ACB), who was promoted from deputy commissioner of police to the post of additional commissioner, is likely to be moved into the city.Sub-inspector Daya Nayak, who is facing suspension in the alleged disproportionate assets case and was attached to Charkop police station, has been technically shown transferred to the local arms unit. Suspended sub-inspector Rajendra Bhosle, accused of framing an estate agent in a drugs case and was attached to Azad Maidan police station, is shown attached to LA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13695967", "title": "Tourists, hoteliers forced to innovate", "text": "MARGAO: Those entering or leaving Goa via interstate buses or Konkan railway services had to bear the brunt of the bandh and had to make their own arrangements. With private taxis choosing not to ply due to the bandh till 6 pm and no private buses plying, commuters had to rely on transport arranged by friends and family. In certain cases, owners of guest houses and other small two starred hotels sent their own vehicles to pick up guests from the interstate bus depots whereas at Margao railways station, the services of black and yellow taxis parked outside the station were available.\"Train services were not disrupted in any way by the bandh,\" said senior public relations manager of KRCL, Baban Ghatge. He added that it was a state government matter when pointed out to the transport constraints faced by the commuters outside the station. \"I am travelling with my entire family so I had to ask my neigbours to drop me as there were no taxis available and the rickshaws were charging way too much just to go to the station,\" said Lance Antao from Chandor.All buses from the interstate route also remained off the roads throughout the day. \"Normally, I take a non-AC bus to Mumbai which is priced at 350- 500 maximum but today (Thursday) I had to shell out 700 for the ticket,\" said Anthony Godinho from Verna who had to travel to Mumbai for a job interview.Ivan Carvalho, a proprietor of a two starred hotel in Varca who had to pick up a guest, said \"We have an agreement with private taxi operators but as they were not allowed to ply this morning , I had to personally come and pick up these passengers from the Margao bus stand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13696770", "title": "UPA-ruled states join petrol bandh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thursday's Bharat bandh against the hike in petrol prices saw widespread protests in opposition-ruled states that had called the bandh, but UPA-led states did not remain untouched by the people's fury.In Congress-ruled Uttarakhand, the bandh was total. In UP, the Samajwadi Party - which was looking to join the UPA a day before the hike - joined the opposition in blocking highways and stopping trains.Bandh impact full in Punjab, Gujarat, KarnatakaUbiquitous dhabas on state and national highways in Uttar Pradesh remained shut on BJP-called bandh on Thursday. Roads connecting Lucknow with Varanasi and Agra saw sparse traffic. The Left parties took out a cycle march and staged plays to highlight the common man's plight due to the rise. BJP workers rode a bullock-cart in Lucknow. Several trains were delayed as Samajwadi Party and BJP workers stopped at least three trains besides blocking highways at separate places in UP.In Mumbai, its lifeline, the local trains, ran normally despite some disturbances. Four people were injured as protesters stoned and damaged 101 buses, private cars and glass panes of a coffee shop. Police registered 32 cases against protesters and detained 138 people. Except medical shops, most businesses remained closed in Nagpur.Punjab was totally closed with most government and even private schools shut. Public as well as private transport remained off roads. The ruling SAD-BJP alliance workers staged dharnas, blocked traffic and burnt effigies at several places. Haryana wasn't spared either. In Bihar, around 800 activists, including JD-U president Sharad Yadav and BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain, were detained while enforcing the bandh.CPM workers carrying red flags stopped a Kalkabound train in Shimla besides staging demonstrations in various towns in BJP-ruled Himachal Pradesh. In J&K;, political parties and social organizations staged protests as Jammu observed a complete shutdown. BJP state president Shamsher Singh Manhas rode a horse cart to protest the hike.In West Bengal, protestors damaged and set buses on fire, put up road blocks and disrupted trains.Mamata for full fuel price rollbackAddressing a rally in Diamond Harbour, CM Mamata Banerjee on Thursday criticized the UPA for making a \"token cut\" in petrol prices and demanded a complete rollback of the recent petrol hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13694874", "title": "Red sanders worth over Rs 1.5 crore seized", "text": "TIRUPATI: The anti-poaching squad of Tirupati wildlife management division seized red sanders logs worth over Rs 1.5 crore during raids. The logs weighed 5.5 tonnes.Acting on a tip-off, the forest officials had arrested one Sudhakar Reddy on Wednesday. Based on the clues provided by him, the officials conducted the raids and recovered 189 red sanders logs from near Chandragiri. Sources said the value of the logs in the international market was more than Rs 1.5 crore. \"We have intensified the search operations. This was one of the huge seizures in the last three months,\" Chakrapani, district forest officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694483", "title": "One-fourth of Gujarat MLAs to celebrate birthday this month", "text": "AHMEDABAD: June seems to be an unusually auspicious month for Gujarat politicians. As many as 45 of the 182 current MLAs - nearly a quarter - are born in June. Of them, 28 will celebrate their birthday on June 1 - the day 31 legislators in the previous state assembly were born.This may be quite different from the row that dogged the latter part of the outgoing Army chief VK Singh's tenure, there is row after row of legislators in Gujarat assembly who live with two dates of birth - without any bad intention though.While some of them were actually born in June, several, mostly hailing from rural areas, mentioned June as the month of their birth during school enrollment in the absence of proper documents. \"Schools usually start the academic session in June. Many parents fake dates of birth to save their ward's year,\" explained an official.Amarsinh Vasava, 56, Congress MLA from Dediapara, admits that his actual date of birth is different from the one in the official records.\"There was no proper system of registering births when I was born. When I went to school, the teacher wrote my date of birth on her own. Ever since, I have been celebrating my birthday on June 1,\" he says.Shambhuji Thakore, 62, a BJP MLA from Gandhinagar , too admits that June 1 is not his real date of birth. Thakore says his school teachers who filled the admission form changed his date of birth, leading to the current confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13694236", "title": "Gujarat Common Entrance Test booklets available from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The booklets for MBA and MCA entrance test - Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET), will be distributed from Friday.Vice-chancellor of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) A K Aggrawal said that the first phase of GCET exams will be held from June 14 to 16. The second round of GCET will be held from June 18-20. The students will be allowed to make two attempts and the best score will be used for the final merit list.Aggrawal said that there are 132 MBA colleges in state with 13,185 seats. Last year, total 5,745 seats had remained vacant.There are 81 MCA colleges in the state with 6,670 seats, of which 1,143 seats had remained vacant.The forms will be available for GCET from June 1 and the students can register online and submit documents for verification till June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13695853", "title": "On eve of debut budget, CM trains guns at BSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day before the presentation of the state's annual budget, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday accused the previous Mayawati government of converting UP into a laboratory of corruption rendering its coffer empty by squandering precious tax-payers' money on statues and parks.\"Notwithstanding this, we are aware of our responsibilities towards the people, who voted the Samajwadi Party to power with a great hope and make certain to fulfil their aspirations in the budget,\" Akhilelsh assured on the floor of the House, while replying on the motion of thanks to governor BL Joshi's address. In spite of financial constraints, he said that the government would put UP on a trajectory of growth and development and give top priority on law and order, welfare of farmers and the poor, better investment climate, improvement in health and education, besides creating infrastructural facilities like roads, drinking water and communications.In this context, he also justified his poll promise to give laptops and tablet PCs to all students, including those in rural areas and said that this was meant to create a scientific temper in the state. This would not only instil a sense of confidence among rural students, but also expose them to the latest technological advances made in the world.The CM also reiterated that orders for withdrawal of all cases lodged against farmers in Bhatta-Parsaul and Tappal and elsewhere in the wake of their protest against their land acquisition had already been given. The government, he said would even change the land acquisition policy and ensure that farmers get even higher compensation than the circle rate for the land acquired from them for any development project in the state.However, just before Akhilesh stood to speak, the BSP staged a walkout in the House. This apparently came as a premeditated move on part of leader of opposition, Swami Prasad Maurya. He first demanded that all members should be allowed to raise issues concerning to their constituencies before the CM's speech. When his demand was rejected by speaker Mata Prasad Pandey, Maurya led his partymen to stage a walk out.Reacting rather coolly to this, Akhilesh said the BSP is perhaps not ready to listen to the truth, which is harsh. The BSP, he said, did every thing to throw the glorious history of the state into a dustbin by making it an address of corruption. \"UP was a state of immense possibilities. Unfortunately, this was never explored by the previous regime, which was obsessed only with its false image by creating it on stones,\" he said.\"I am at a loss to understand as to how one can install ones own statue, while alive,\" Akhilesh quipped, adding that even more surprising was that as to how a woman (without taking the name of Mayawati) could be termed as 'Mahapurush'(great man). \"I really have no idea whether this term is gender neutral or common gender, but the BSP does not hesitate calling her 'Mahapurush'.Referring to the NHRM scam, Akhilesh said that it had brought disrepute to the whole system. \"In fact, this scam has made me hesitant to propose for any funding for the improvement of the health care system in UP from the foundation of Bill Gates during his recent visit,\" Akhilesh confessed.Mincing no words in denouncing the previous regime, he said it was hostile to the opposition and instances were not lacking in which the house of a state leader of a national party was burnt and heinous cases were lodged against opposition members on false pretext. Taking a dig at the BSP for cutting a taunt at him by describing him as a 'bhola-bhala' (gullible) CM, he said it was the same party which did not consider him 'bhola-bhala' in its rule and arrested him on false pretext.As for the development of the state, he said the BSP did nothing. All the nine MoUs signed by it in the power sector had now become dysfunctional due to their inability to have coal linkage facility, which was a precondition for them. On the other hand, the UPPCL had suffered a huge loss of Rs 25,000 crore, mainly due to faulty policies and the import of electricity at a very high cost. In spite of these odds, he said, the government would give priority to set up new power projects and improve power availability in the state by tapping the potential of solar energy and rubbish collected from garbage dump. One such attempt was made by the BJP during its rule to generate electricity from rubbish. But then it was later put off on the ground that the quality of rubbish was not upto the mark, he said, adding that his government would not allow such an excuse.As far as the neglect of farmers by the previous regime is concerned, he said that this was evident from the fact that it never cared to place order in advance for gunny bags for procurement of paddy in the current season. \"The problem is now faced by us, which is being tackled,\" he said, adding that at all cost the farmers' interest would be taken care of. Assuring the opposition to look into their suggestions for the development of the state, he said that he would try to accommodate them in the budget priorities and formulate the schemes accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13696166", "title": "Police remain clueless in Haryanvi singer's murder case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even three days after the murder of Binu Chaudhary, a well-known folk artist of Haryana, near Haridwar, police have failed to arrest the assailants even as a Rohtak-based youth has been named a prime suspect, against whom the singer had leveled allegations of rape.Binu, 29, was shot dead at point blank range on the Haridwar-Dehradun highway on Tuesday night. Two unidentified assailants had opened fire when she was having dinner at a popular dhaba near Haridwar, along with a team of musicians.The singer was cremated in Rohtak, her hometown, on Thursday.In the absence of concrete leads, police have initiated investigations to find out the involvement of Sandeep, a Rohtak-based youth, after Binu's husband Sawan Kumar told police that there was some dispute between the singer and Sandeep, who was apparently a friend of the singer, but fell out later.Last year, Binu had leveled rape allegations against Sandeep, said police officers investigating the case.However, later, both the parties had reached a compromise, said PC Mathpal, SHO of Kotwali police station, Haridwar.Police are also questioning the musicians, who were accompanying the singer. \"Binu was invited to perform at Haridwar, but the programe was cancelled at the last moment,\" the SHO told TOI.\"I am not sure why Binu was killed. I have just expressed my suspicion to cops and can't say exactly what led to her killing,\" said Sawan Kumar.Binu, known as the voice of Haryanvi raginis (folk songs) in Haryana, Rajasthan and UP, had started singing at the age of 17.She had divorced her first husband Jitender Chauhan in 2010 and later fell in love with a local singer Sawan Kumar, leading to their marriage on January 27, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13694643", "title": "It was a \u2018slip of the tongue\u2019, CM tells Election Commission", "text": "HYDERABAD: Caught on the wrong foot by his political opponents, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday clarified to the Election Commission (EC) that the purported poll-code violation was nothing but a slip of the tongue, adding that he never intended to disobey the model code of conduct.The EC had served a notice on the chief minister following a complaint by YSR Congress seeking explanation for his remarks at a Congress workers' meeting where he had allegedly asked each party worker to cast 10 votes in the ensuing byelections.Reddy, in his reply, said: \"It was only due to a slip of the tongue that my appeal to party workers conveyed a wrong meaning\".K Chandrasekhara Rao, the TRS chief, too, sent his reply to EC. He had been asked to respond to a complaint lodged by BJP accusing him of making religious comments during electioneering at Parkal.The TRS chief clarified that he did not make any sensitive comments but only appealed to party workers to ensure that voters did not to get lured away by political parties that sought votes in the name of religion.Meanwhile, the Congress urged EC to ensure that all special programmes being aired on Sakshi TV are put down as part of the election expenditure of YSR Congress candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13695762", "title": "Goa: Medium of instruction keeps several education related decisions on hold", "text": "PANAJI: Suspense over the state's announcement of the medium of instruction (MoI) policy for primary education has left parents anxious and over half-a-dozen important education related policies in a state of limbo. The schools are set to open on June 7 before which a decision on the issue has to be announced.Among policies on a standstill are notification of the state Right to Education (RTE) Rules and implementation of the state education policy.Goa does not have an education policy, and just when the detailed, much-needed document-planned since 2007-was to come into force last year, the MoI controversy extended the delay in its implementation. The education policy and the state RTE rules, being the framework that will define the education sector for next decade or so, need to come clear on MoI for primary education, which cannot happen unless the state decides its stand.The central government's RTE Act, 2009 requires states to carry out a mapping exercise that will help them provide a school for every habitation. Despite being aware that 23 habitations are in need of a primary school and 12 require upper primary schools, the directorate of education cannot process applications for new schools as MoI is a vital consideration in the approval.Goa has been advised by Union human resource development (HRD) officials to redeploy teachers in its primary schools to rid 352 schools of the single teacher problem. Similarly, the delivery monitoring unit in its report to the Prime Minister on implementation of RTE in states had pointed out that 421 schools have an adverse pupil teacher ratio in Goa.Redeployment of teachers and correction of pupil teacher ratio have to be done as per standards prescribed in the state RTE rules.Also, when Goa was told to develop a speedy and transparent system for recognition of schools, HRD officials were told that \"this is provided for in the state rules. The shift will take place as soon as the state rules come into force\".\"The state faces a daunting task in integrating standard V with the primary level at this stage, but hopes and remains committed to effect a peaceful transition, once the MoI issue is resolved through court intervention,\" Goa informed HRD officials at a meeting in New Delhi early this year.The centre was further told that the \"school management committees will be operationalized the moment state RTE rules are notified\". School management committees are vital as Goa will utilize them in monitoring teacher and student attendance to ensure better retention rates in schools.With so much at stake and so little time on hand, the announcement of the MoI policy becomes imperative. More than a month after the high court of Bombay at Goa cleared the way for the state government to implement its MoI decision, the state continues to drag its heels.Pending proposalsNotification of the State Right to Education (RTE) RulesImplementation of the state education policyApplications for new schoolsRedeployment of teachers in primary schoolsIntegration of Class V with primary sectionConstitution of school management committees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13694569", "title": "New passport centre opens for all today", "text": "NOIDA: Beginning Friday, all passport applications in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad will have to be submitted and processed at the new Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) at the site-IV Shahibabad Industrial area. The Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate has announced that the old passport office will cease to function and all new applicants must now visit the new, customer-friendly centre inaugurated in March this year.\"We want all residents to know that beginning June 1 all passport applications will be entertained only at the new centre. The new PSK will make obtaining a passport much easier and will require just a single visit,\" said MSK Sundaram, DM, Gautam Budh Nagar.The new hi-tech centre, inaugurated on March 13, was dealing with only prior appointment cases until now and walk-in applicants were allowed only in cases of emergency. It will, however, become fully functional from Friday.The new centre will cater to a total of 13 districts in UP, including Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad. According to the new system, an application will be processed in front of the applicant. Officials say this will minimize errors and speed up the process of issuing a new passport to just three working days, subject to police verification.A single visit to the PSK, lasting for just about 45 minutes, will be enough for applicants to get their applications processed and confirm if they are eligible for a passport. Once a person registers online, she/he will get a receipt and an appointment reference number. The applicant can then schedule an appointment at any convenient time slot and visit the PSK.\"The applicant will have to carry original documents and get them verified. There is a double screening system whereby while the final details that will be mentioned in the passport document are being noted down, the applicant will be able to view them and make changes immediately,\" said AK Senegar, regional passport officer, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13693622", "title": "Ruling BJD enforces state bandh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking time off from the political crisis created by the sudden internal revolt, BJD leaders on Thursday joined the Bharat bandh against hike in petrol price called by the NDA and the Left parties. They organized rallies, held demonstrations and put up road blockades to ensure that the shutdown in the state became successful.The BJD is neither a constituent of NDA nor the UPA. The party, according to political observers, however has been trying to create a separate identity for itself at the national level and cite the stand it has taken on various issues in recent times such as backing tribal leader P A Sangma as a presidential candidate, opposing the Centre's move for creation of the national counter terrorism centre (NCTC) to prove their point. The party has also floated the idea of forming a non-NDA, non-UPA front.Amid this, when the Centre announced the hike in petrol price by Rs 7.50 per liter in one go followed by the NDA quickly calling for Bharat bandh on May 31, the BJD apparently not to be seen lagging behind chose to seize the opportunity as yet another chance to bash the UPA. The ruling dispensation also announced that it would observe bandh on the same day, but separately. Post-hike petrol in Odisha is now sold at nearly Rs 73 per litre, the cost being inclusive of 18 per cent VAT collected by the state exchequer.\"We have nothing to do with what other parties do. We go by the decision of our leader Naveen Patnaik . The UPA government has been increasing prices of petroleum products without bothering the impact on common people. Between June 2010 and May 23 2012 per litre petrol price has been hiked by Rs 28 through as many as 11 times,\" said BJD youth wing president and Bramhagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma. \"Our party has always stood behind the cause of poor people. The bandh received total support all over the state. I hope the Centre reads the feeling of people and reduce the price,\" Dasburma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13696742", "title": "Thief nicks man\u2019s retirement money", "text": "CHENNAI: A thief made away with a bag containing Rs 1 lakh, the retirement benefits of a 60-year-old man in the city on Thursday, after distracting him.In a complaint to the police, Haridoss said the theft took place while he was on his way to a nationalized bank in Poonamallee on Wednesday. He was going to the bank to deposit his retirement benefits.Haridoss, a resident of Vadapalani, went to a bank by bicycle. He was carrying the cash in a bag slung over the handlebar.\"When he was near the bank, a middle-aged man pointed to a few currency notes on the road,\" a police officer said. \"Haridoss stopped and got off his bicycle to pick up the notes. When he turned around, the bag on the handlebar was missing.\"He looked for the man who had pointed to the cash on the road, but he was missing too.Based on the complaint by Haridoss, the Poonamallee police registered a case and started a search for the culprit.Haridoss worked as a technician in a film studio near Vadapalani and had retired recently. He received his retirement benefits and planned to deposit the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13694615", "title": "Restorer hunts for three Satyajit Ray classics", "text": "KOLKATA: He had carried Satyajit Ray's Oscar trophy from the Academy of Motion Pictures to the Belle Vue Hospital where the master received it on his death bed in 1992. A year later, he set up the Satyajit Ray Film and Study Centre (SRFSC) at the University of California , Santa Cruz, and embarked on an ambitious restoration programme of Ray's classics. Teacher and author Dilip Kumar Basu - an ardent admirer and associate of Ray who has been based in the US for the last 48 years - heads a team of restoration experts that has converted 22 damaged and decaying negatives of Ray's films into brand new prints, which are now stored at the Motion Pictures archive in Hollywood. Three more of Ray's earlier films - \"Ashani Sanket\", \"Pratidwandi\" and \"Aranyer Din Ratri\" could soon be restored, according to Basu, who is now on a visit to Kolkata.Audrey Hepburn , the legendary actress who spoke about Ray at the Oscar presentation in 1992, had conveyed to Basu that the Academy was interested in restoring Ray's films and that he should coordinate the restoration job. It set off the first attempt to restore Ray's films, many of which had no negatives. Along with restoration expert David Shephard, Basu travelled to Kolkata in 1993 and started hunting for negatives. It proved to be an arduous task that even seemed impossible initially. \"Locating the negatives and getting producers to agree to part with them turned out to be a horrendous task. While some asked for a fat fee, others had no faith in Hollywood since six Ray negatives had been burnt in a London studio around that time. We had to give up the attempt. Six years later, we managed to persuade Bharat Rana, the producer of \"Seemabaddha\" to send the film's negative to the Academy. We spent $1,00,000 and took a year to restore it. Everybody, including Rana, was impressed by the job. It helped us to convince other producers to come around,\" said the professor of history at the University of California.Next in line was \"Abhijan\". \"When we opened the negative can, water flowed out of it. Apparently, it had been stashed away in a corner of the roof at the producer's house and rain water had seeped into the negative can. But we managed to clean it up and extracted a new, spotless print from it,\" recalled Basu. Mahanagar, Charulata, Nayak and seventeen other films followed. Funds came from the Ford Foundation , Academy of Motion Pictures and the David Packard Foundation. But it's not just films that the SRFSC restores. It also maintains a diverse and rare body of some 10,000 material related to Ray. This includes 35mm prints of his films, Ray's poster and film sketchbooks in digitized form, more than 5,000 production stills, audio cassettes, CDs and DVDs. The SRFSC also organizes Ray retrospectives around the world but never exhibits films commercially. \"We have had Ray film festivals at the Museum of Modern Art, New York , at the British Film Institute, London and in Paris, Zurich, Munich, Basel, Helsinki, Amsterdam , Singapore and Washington,\" declared Basu.The society, however, does not use digital technology for restoration. It uses the tried and tested chemical restoration method which is slow but yields better results, said Basu. \"You lose at least 15% of the visual effects in digitization. It's still a developing technology and can't always restore the entire film. We produce an inter-negative from the original one and then produce new prints from it. The original negative remains untouched,\" explained Basu.A majority of Ray's original negatives were still in a bad shape while the condition of several others were not known. \"Some of the producers have refused to cooperate with us. But we have not given up hope of taking up work on Aranyer Din Ratri, Ashani Sanket and Pratidwandi. It will be difficult to acquire the negatives. It's possible that a couple of the originals are lost. But we plan to look for them,\" Basu signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13695526", "title": "'I pray to God I don't meet with a mishap'", "text": "Life has been one long road journey for Sohanlal Patel (37) for the last 21 years. His wife and two sons live in Dewas, Madhya Pradesh , but he gets to meet them just once in eight days.SSC-pass Sohanlal has not seen the Hollywood thriller Transporter, but he does mouths what the film's protagonist also says: \"When we take up an assignment, it has to be delivered at any cost.''Asked if he feels drowsy on the road, he said: \"When I become drowsy, I park the truck and try to catch some sleep. I know some drivers who avoid taking a break, this can wreck their concentration and cause havoc.\"His recent work schedule: On May 22, he started from Dewas after loading potatoes, drove 550 km to reach APMC Market in Vashi on May 23. On May 24, he reached Mahad in Raigad district to transport a consignment of medicines and delivered it in Indore on May 25. On May 26, he met his family near Indore and then left for Nhava Sheva with a cargo of cotton. By May 28, he was back with the truck in Indore and on May 30 he was in Vashi again with food items.Sohanlal said he gets paid Rs 2,000 for every round trip. He earns a monthly salary of Rs 6,000 and his 'seth' (truck owner) gives him a daily allowance of Rs 200.When asked if he feels frustrated since he is always on the move , he said: \"This is my life, I chose it. Now, I only pray to God that I don't meet with any mishap.\" He added that as a principle he does not drive recklessly, even if it causes a delay in delivering the consignment of goods.However, Sohanlal certainly does not want his children to follow in his footsteps. \"I want my sons to study hard and become officers in the Indian Army,\" he added.\"The transport department should make it mandatory for an additional driver and cleaner to travel with every vehicle so that it is less stressful for a single driver,\" a highway police official said.A senior transport official said single drivers must travel only a stipulated distance to avoid fatigue. \"Regulations must be framed in such a manner that owners should not be able to put any pressure on drivers to undertake a trip to earn more money,\" said a senior transport department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13696535", "title": "Nagpur University vice-chancellor cancels booking of Skoda Laura car", "text": "NAGPUR: Good sense seem to have finally prevailed as Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal cancelled the booking of Skoda Laura car that he had earlier wished for himself, sources confirmed. The move came after intense criticism for purchasing a Rs 16 lakh luxury car when NU was going through a financial crunch. TOI on April 14 had first reported about VC's plans to purchase the luxury sedan even though the existing Honda City allotted to him was in good condition.Sapkal did not take the calls and his secretary Pradip Biniwale directed all queries to registrar Mahesh Yenkie who too refused to respond. Sources, however, added that the VC had written several letters to the local Skoda dealership cancelling the booking. He had even conveyed the decision to cancel the booking to Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena (BVS) members who had staged protest over the exam fee hike and criticised him for splurging students' money on luxury vehicles , sources disclosed.They added that NU had even deposited Rs 16 lakh with the dealership and vehicle was ready in showroom. The delivery, however, could not be taken as NU failed to pay RTO tax. The dealership has refused to refund that amount and was even not responding to repeated calls from NU officials. Now, NU officials have offered to purchase two smaller vehicles for exam section to adjust the amount, sources informed.However, some Management Council members have objected to this plan stating that since VC had decided using special powers on behalf of Management and Academic councils, he has to take consent from both these bodies to change the decision. The issue even rocked May 11 Management Council meeting where Sapkal presented examples of other VCs and also collectors using the same vehicle. He told them that he didn't want the vehicle but allocation was made in last year's budget. Emotional members then took back their objections and cleared the proposal as VC too become emotional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13694379", "title": "Neck-and-neck fight in Nadia's Cooper's Camp", "text": "NADIA: Election in the Cooper's Camp notified area, scheduled on June 3, is set to become a neck-and-neck fight with the CPM, Trinamool Congress and Congress standing an equal chance.While Congress has been winning the polls for the past 15 years under Shankar Singh's leadership, the CPM has an equally strong support base and managed 33% vote in the last election. Trinamool Congress, on the other hand, hopes to cash in on the changing political atmosphere of the state.Sensing the opportunity, three parties have thrown all their weight behind to convince the voters about the change they would bring if elected to power.While railways minister Mukul Roy, Firhad Hakim, Subrata Bakshi, Chiranjeet, Debasree Roy and Tapas Pal reached out to the voters in the area for Trinamool Congress, Congress had thrown heavyweights like Deepa Dasmunshi, Manash Bhunia, Pradip Bhattacharjee and Pradip Ghosh on the turf. CPM chief whip Biman Bose, too, campaigned for his party.Addressing a public meeting, Trinamool MLA Chiranjeet reminded the voters of their power and said, \"The value of a vote of a common people is same as the vote of the Prime Minister or the President. You have given Congress 15 years and they failed to bring about any development. Now give us five years. If we fail, throw us from the power.\"According to some locals, no real development took place in Cooper's Camp in last three terms and this has given Trinamool a real chance to win the election this time.There were also charges of corruption against Congress and this did not go down well among the voters, a source said. Some even believe they will gain if Trinamool comes to power since the party is in charge of the state.Mukul Roy recently visited the area and assured people of Ward Nos. 7, 8, 9 to provide them with patta of lands they live on. Trinamool's promise to something with the railways land in these wards and halt station provision are also giving the party an added advantage.Nadia : The Coopers Notified election in Nadia scheduled on 3 June has achieved a good height with a triangular fight where the Trinamool Congress and Congress are the main contestants. But Left front also plays a pivotal role here as they have a good number of vote here.The had achieved 33 per cent vote at last Notified election here.This is the old castle of senior Congress leader Shankar Singh and Congress has been holding the power of the notified since last three terms under his leadership. It is an open secret that Mamata Banerjee has a bitterness against Singh and the New Government is profoundly keen to achieve the power of Ranaghat Coopers' Notified.That is why, the TMC campaign here has kissed the neck of culmination with the influx of silver screen Stars and VIPs.Starting from Raiways Minister Mukul Roy, a good number of actors and VIPs have been appearing here to campaign in favour of Trinamool Congress. The list includes Babi Hakim,Subrata Bakshi, Actor turned leader Chiranjit, Debasree, Tapas Pal.The style and subject matter of the addressing of Chiranjit attracted the people. He addresses the voter on Tuesday saying that all the powers are in the hand of voters.\" The value of a vote of a common people is same as the vote of Prime Minister or President of the country.You have given the Left Front 15 years and now give us 5 years. They failed to comply with your scope and you removed them. So provide us 5 years to work and if we fail throw us too as the power will then be too in your hands only. Our leader Mamata Banerjee is amongst 100 women in world and we are her soldiers.So cast your vote for Trinamool Congress and we assure the developments at Coopers.The win of TMC will concomitant the development Artist Debasree also came here on Wednesday and stated all but same talks.On the other hand Dipa Das Munshi, Manash Bhunia , Pradip Bhattacharjee, Prdip Ghosh of Congress attended meetings here. Biman Bose too came here for campaign of Left front.While some of the locals stated that Congress is going to loss the power here some said that Congress will retain the power but Left Front may get maximum of 2 seats out of total 2 seats here. The people who seem that Trinamool will grab the power said, \" Congress has done no remarkable development works here since last three terms. They also alleged of corruptions. On the other hand, Trinamool holds the power in State and if the stay in the power of local Notified, the development will gain pace. Mukul Roy came here a few days back and assured the people of wards 7,8,9 to provide them 'Patta' of lands they live on. There are some Railways lands at the said wards. It also put Trinamool in better position. The halt Station provision , the development of local hospital and library has too put TMC in better state.Though there is a strong hold of Congress at Coopers and Shankar Singh is highly hopeful to retain power, there is every chance of Trinamool to win the power.The CPIM has a good number of votes here which may cause hamper to Trinamool and place platform of neck to neck fight between Congress and Trinamool. In a ward, the Coopers is going to observe a different election this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-01"}
