{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550908", "title": "Anandnagar murder: Accused confess to crime", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Robbery and fear of getting caught were the twin motives behind the murder of, Madhu Agarwal, 50, at her residence near Shyamal crossroads. Anandnagar police said that the three suspects who were arrested in Bihar have confessed to the crime.The accused, said police, have confessed that they had killed the woman when she had fought back and resisted the robbery attempt.\"The accused have also confessed that they were afraid that the woman would reveal their names to the police since she knew the mastermind - Mohit Kumar Saha alias Pappu, 24. Mohit was the fiance of Manali, who worked as a maid in the Agarwal household. However, we've not been able to track her down yet. We've booked all three accused for murder and armed robbery,\" said a city police official.Agarwal, who was a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal Crossroads, was found dead by her son on November 26 at their residence at 4.30 pm. She was stabbed 42 times on her back, neck, chest and stomach and was declared brought dead while being taken to a hospital. As Manali, a domestic help with the family for more than a year, was missing from the residence, police named her as the main suspect in the case along with Rohit, a cook who worked for a few months with the family in 2012.Anandnagar police station inspector J H Jalu said that three suspects - Rakesh Ramkishor alias Rohit, 21, Mohit Kumar Saha alias Pappu, 24, and Sunil Mahanta alias Bhagelu, 24, all natives of Motihari in Bihar -were brought to the city late on Sunday evening. After their primary questioning, they confessed to their involvement in the murder.Jalu said that it was an effort of various teams formed by Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, that worked on the case in the state and in Jharkhand , Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. \"Our team was posted in Bihar for the past 11 days during which they collected crucial information in collaboration with the local police and tracked down the accused. The accused have primarily told us that they had assaulted Madhu when she retaliated. At that time, they got afraid that she had identified them and would tell police,\" he said. The accused fled from Gujarat and sold some of the jewellery that they had robbed from the spot near Agra.Investigators said that they are yet to get the entire story on how the incident had taken place or information on Manali. An investigator said that they suspect that Rohit, who was hired earlier this year by the household as cook, fell in love with Manali, a domestic help there, and the duo decided to elope before her marriage. \"Questioning is on to know whereabouts of her,\" said an official.More cases to come out?The police said that they suspect Rakesh alias Rohit's involvement in a case of 2010 where a woman was assaulted at a residence in Ellisbridge. In the case, the domestic help, identified as Rakesh, along with a girl working as a domestic help had assaulted the woman with sharp weapon. Officials said that Rohit will be questioned about the previous cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555204", "title": "Army mela concludes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Army Mela held at Pangode Military Camp near here ended on a grand note with over 50,000 people thronging the two-day mega event. Various types of tanks, machine guns, carbines, arms and ammunition were on display at the exhibition ground. In the evening, the army men performed various drills, motorcycle stunts, paragliding, etc.As part of the Army Mela, a medical and eye camp was also organized at Military Hospital with special emphasis on cataract surgery for the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17551698", "title": "Doomsdayers await end of the world in 12 days time", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The end of the world is nigh, or so apocalypse observers would have you believe . The Mayan and Hopi Mesoamerican Long Count calendar may have begun in 3114 BC and continued unerringly ever since, but it comes to an abrupt halt on 21 December 2012. Hence, the belief gaining ground among some is that the cosmos will cease to exist in 12 days' time.Although it may not yet have taken root in Britain's Acacia Avenues, the idea is troubling folk from Moscow to France, and the US to Brazil. A poll by Ipsos recently found that one in seven people believe the world will end during their lifetime. The also same poll suggests one in 10 people have experienced fear and/or anxiety about the eschatological implications of Friday week.Governments are taking the prophesized threat seriously enough to inform their citizens that they are not taking it seriously at all. In the US, for example, an official government blog entry was posted on Monday, reassuring Americans that \"Scary rumours about the world ending in 2012 are just rumours\". Nasa itself has waged a campaign of facts to combat the fear-mongering , releasing a 6.5-minute YouTube video, in which David Morrison, astronomer and Nasa scientist, personally debunked the Doomsday theories.In Russia , meanwhile, the minister of emergency situations , Vladimir Puchkov, issued a statement saying the world would not end this month, a sentiment echoed by senior clerics from the nation's Orthodox Church.Experts in Mayan culture \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which flourished in what is now Central America between AD250 and 900 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have dismissed the doomsayers, claiming the 2012 phenomenon misrepresents the Long Count calendar, and is unsupported by any surviving Mayan texts.In South and Central America, where the prophecy was allegedly made, responses are mixed. The mayor of the mountain town San Francisco de Paula, in Brazil, has urged local residents to stock up on supplies in preparation for the worst. But in Yucatan , Mexico, which still has a large Mayan population, a cultural festival is planned for 21 December. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17552085", "title": "SAD to file defamation case against Delhi govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shiromani Akali Dal will file a defamation suit against the Delhi state government for defying orders of the Supreme Court on holding elections to the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) before December 31 this year.Harcharan Bains, adviser to the CM, said the party has authorized SAD secretary legislator Dr Daljit SIngh Cheema to initiate proceedings for a defamation suit against the Delhi government \"for deliberately defying court orders on DSGMC elections under one flimsy pretext or another.\"The Delhi government first used the revision of electoral rolls as an excuse but the court dismissed it saying that the rolls should be revised within nine months after the scheduled election. The Delhi government then had \"an afterthought\" and looked for excuses for defying the letter and the spirit of the SC verdict by stating that it was planning to amend the mode of DSGMC elections,\" Cheema said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555335", "title": "3 to be screened at IFFK", "text": "Aishwarya Dhanush is off to Kerala for the prestigious International Film Festival of Kerala at Thiruvananthapuram. Her debut film as director '3' which featured her husband Dhanush in the lead has been chosen for screening on Dec 11. This is the first time the IFFK is doing a special audience screening of an Indian film.After being part of the prestigious International Film Festival of India as a keynote speaker, Aishwarya Dhanush has one more reason to rejoice as her film is getting screened.Several international filmmakers including Iranian filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaf is expected to participate in the festival. Dhanush will be flying in from Nagercoil where he is shooting for Bharat Bala's film ' Mariyaan ' for the screening scheduled on 11th December.Kerala State Chalachitra Academy, a Kerala Government Institution to promote cinema conducts International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) every year. A competition section for the films from Asian and African and Latin American countries is the highlight of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550020", "title": "Polybag ban: Government checks compliance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environment department of the Delhi government has launched a drive to check compliance of the blanket ban on use of plastic bags across the city.Under the drive, 25 teams from the department carried out checks in all shopping malls and five star hotels in city yesterday.Officials said the teams found violations of the ban in over hundred shops and action would be taken against the violators.The government had last month imposed the ban on manufacture, sale, storage and use of plastic bags as per provision of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, under which violators could face imprisonment up to five years and fine of up to Rs 1 lakh or both.Officials said initially government will only focus on plastic carry bags and will not target packaged food and materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550402", "title": "Buses ordered to avoid flyovers", "text": "NASHIK: MSRTC buses travelling to Mumbai have been asked to avoid flyovers to pick up and drop commuters.\"All the drivers of the inter-city buses travelling between Nashik and any other city or town taking the Mumbai-Agra national highway have been asked to take the service road. The orders were issued after it was observed that the buses would take the flyover at Rane Nagar forcing commuters to come to the SBI stop where there is no opening for pedestrians,\" a senior official from the corporation said.The official, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"The drivers had to take the flyover during the construction of the service road. But they should have resorted to the service road as soon as the construction was over. Even intra-city buses travelling up to Pathardi Phata take the route.\"The orders will be of great help to the commuters of Ranapratap chowk, CIDCO, Rajeev Nagar, Chetana Nagar and Rane Nagar - situated on either sides of the national highway - because they were forced to walk up to Hyundai showroom, at least 300 metres from Rane Nagar, the authorised stop of MSRTC, or even hire public transport to reach the location. Commuters were also forced to cross the six-lane national highway without any provision for pedestrians - like overbridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553213", "title": "A-list heroines hike their prices", "text": "With meatier roles coming their way, A-list heroines go in for an upward revision of their fee structureAt a media conclave earlier this year, Kareena Kapoor Khan, arguably one of the highest paid stars in the industry had explained why she did not consider herself a 'hero.' 'It is the producers and the three Khans who walk home with all the money,' she had said of mega films - 3 Idiots , Ra.One and Bodyguard . Kareena's plain speak had put the focus back on the embarrassing pay disparity in the industry that has been dominated by men. At a time when a Hrithik Roshan asks for and gets away with a staggering Rs 30 crore upfront and the other A-list actors scoop up a lion's share of the Rs 100-crore pie by the 'profit-share' formula, leading ladies have had to fall back on brand endorsements and special appearances to keep up with their male counterparts. But things may change after all. TOI has learnt that Kareena, Priyanka, Katrina, Vidya, Deepika, Sonakshi and Anushka have decided to revise their fees, to bring in some semblance of parity with their leading men. And producers and filmmakers don't seem to mind.While most top heroines have increased their remuneration by approximately two crores, Vidya Balan has reportedly upped her fees by as much as Rs 4 crore. Though that is much less compared to what the men are commanding, it is still a start.Ramesh Taurani, whose latest venture Race 2 stars Deepika, Ameesha and Jacqueline, welcomes the trend, but insists he wants to play it by the ear. \"It depends on the role. If I know for certain that an actress fits the role to the 't' I am willing to pay the price she commands,\" he says.R Balki, who has given us some of the most interesting women protagonists on the screen, roots for the ladies. \"Our A-list heroines have tremendous charisma and have the ability to pull audiences to the theatres. There is no reason why they should not hike their rates. The rules of the game should be the same for the men and the women,\"While some producers and financers have already begun to sign up heroines with the revised fee structures, others are warming up to the trend. Jayantilal Gada, who produced Kahaani with Vidya is preparing to shell out more for the sequel, \"Vidya has to command more now. She has her own audience,\" he justifies.Acknowledging the trend, he says: \"Quite a few women-oriented films have churned out higher returns than the male dominated ones. Actresses are well within their rights to command a higher share of the pie.\"For many producers accepting the revised pay structure is also a way to keep their leading ladies in \"good spirits.\" A leading producer (on request of anonymity) said, \"A few extra crores will not make a dent in your wallet, considering how big budgets are these days. But they will go a long way to ensure that you get the top heroines to work with you happily.\"And while the Rowdy Rathores of the world continue to push women away from the centre stage to the arm pits of the swashbuckling heroes , there is a large section of the ticket-buying audiences that flocks to the theatres to catch a glimpse of their favourite actress. Anand Vishal, Head of Operations at Fun Cinemas agrees. \"After Heroine, Barfi and Kahaani , the scenario has changed. Kareena counted in Heroine , Priyanka made a big difference to Barfi , Deepika stole the show in Cocktail and Vidya led from the front in Kahaani. People want to see them just as they want to see a Salman in Ready or Dabanng .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551195", "title": "The Word, the Spirit and an occasional Old Monk", "text": "The Christmas season 'officially' started last Sunday. It was the first Sunday of Advent and the first day of the liturgical year, at least according to the reckoning of the Catholic Church. As the spiritually inclined reach for their Novena Beads or sip their Old Monk (according to what 'spirit' is in context), the time is ripe for a retrospective of the year gone by.Last year, the spiritual head of the Catholic Church, known as Pope Benedict the Sixteenth, introduced a 'new liturgy' for English-speaking countries and India. The liturgy is the lexicon of prayers recited and ceremonies performed during Sunday mass and on other religious festivals.In fact, this 'new liturgy' was the 'old liturgy' of pre-Second Vatican Council days making a backdoor entry. The Second Vatican Council (informally known as Vatican II) addressed relations between the Roman Catholic Church and the modern world. It formally opened under Pope John XXIII on October 11, 1962 and closed under Pope Paul VI on December 8, 1965.The second Vatican Council recommended that ordinary, everyday words replace the high-fluting difficult-to-understand words and phrases during worship. Jesus Christ was a carpenter who spoke plain words to everyday people. The images he used were working men's images and working people's idioms. Now, all followers of St. Francis of Assisi, the original Old Monk of the middle ages who could speak plainly to birds and animals, endorse that kind of thinking.The Church , if it is to reflect the simple message of Christ, has to be relevant. It has to be in sync with the unwashed masses, in a manner of speaking. In the seventies, even though there was a bit of resistance from the orthodox Republican segments of the Church, the new style of worship caught on. And lo! There were drums and rock guitars and Adivasi 'mandar' drums, and well-tuned tablas contributing to the diversity of worship embraced by the Catholic Church. There were colourful costumes and priests dressed as 'purohits', performing 'param pooja' during special Diwali Church services.But now, the 'new' liturgy is actually trying to reimpose complicated words, complain the progressive Catholics. \"The new liturgy is only the beginning,\" chuckled a certain Protestant professor, \"Wasn't your Pope a Nazi in his younger days? Watch out for the beheadings and the excommunications!\"The introduction of the 'new liturgy' was contested by some vocal Church leaders, basically because it marked the return to archaic and stilted terminology. For example, the friendly response to the invocation, \"The Lord be with you\" was \"And also with you\". The 'new' response is the ancient Latin response, \"And with your spirit\". In the language of the current generation, what does that 'spirit' mean: ghost, chi, essence , soul or that nip of Old Monk in your hip-pocket?Thinking Catholics have over the past year viewed with consternation the way Pope Benedict seems to be out of sync with the world around him. \"It is really sad that our Indian bishops said nothing. They merely accepted whatever was being handed to them,\" a Jesuit clergyman in Patna said.Chotte Bhai, a radical Indian Christian, is in favour of the abolition of Christmas trees, red stockings and even the traditional Christmas cake in favour of Ashoka leaves and laddoos. A return to the traditional 'Roman' missal may see the end of 'aarti', and Indian-style temple dancing as part of Church ritual, some people fear. Other Catholics feel that tradition should return to worship and that the purity of the Mass has been watered down by too much 'local' flavour.\"A recent photograph in the media of Catholic Nuns in their white habits performing the Chhath Puja was disturbing,\" admitted local Church historian Patrick John. \"Integration and respect for other religions is one thing, but are the Indian clergy and religious going too far? Pope Benedict has realized that too much of freedom may cause greater scandals and that is why he is signalling a return to the older traditions. To use a more formal language in the Mass prayers may not be a bad thing.\"The past liturgical year has seen an increase in the 'persecution of Christians' in India and around the world, noted Father Jose K, in an e-mail. \"Every month, Christian groups have noted harassment in Orissa, Karnataka and Maharashtra. Last year, Christmas carol singers were repeatedly harassed and beaten up in these states. Christians in Bihar have not faced any problem in the past year, and that's a positive sign that the NDA government is vigilant about minority rights. As for the changes in liturgy, since most of Patna's Christians are non-native speakers of English, it was a non-issue. The Hindi and local language liturgies remain unchanged.\"The Patna Archdiocese message for the new liturgical year has been displayed on a number of banners that can be seen in the Kurji area: 'All are the children of God, let us love our neighbours as we love ourselves.' And with this exhortation from Archbishop William D'Souza, the Catholic community of Bihar - Old Monks and Young Turks alike - prepare for the annual celebration of the birth of Christ: May He be with you in the word and in the spirit!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552254", "title": "'Amendments to act redefining co-op movement'", "text": "PUNE: Minister of state for cooperation Prakash Solanke said the 97th amendment Act 2011 is redefining the cooperative movement, making it capable to compete with private and multinational enterprises.Solanke was speaking at the valedictory function of the two-day international cooperative conference 'Co-con 2012' organized by cooperative law practitioners' association of Pune. The theme was: 'Cooperation: solution to world recession'.Solanke said, \"The Act came into force on February 15 this year and all the state governments have been asked to modify their laws and rules accordingly. The amendment is aimed at making the cooperation movement more dynamic and pro-people.\"\"There are 2.25 lakh cooperative societies in the state with 5.5 crore members, which is half of the state population. These cooperative societies and institutions have a total turnover of close to Rs 4 lakh crore giving employment to 20 lakh people in the state,\" Solanke said. The amendment is also shifting more responsibilities on the cooperative institutions expecting self-governance, he added.Henceforth, the state government will not appoint an auditor, giving every cooperative society a right to appoint its own auditor from the list of auditors issued by the cooperation department. The amendment also restricted the number of directors a cooperative society should have. Currently, there are no restrictions on appointing number of directors and it is generally misused. For instance, the Maharashtra state cooperative bank, the apex bank of all the cooperative societies in the state has 55 directors which is a huge size. The amendment has restricted the number of directors to 21 only and it has also expected that the members of a society have to be active and have to participate in various activities of the society, Solanke said.The state government will now create a separate department for conducting elections of all the cooperative societies. Earlier, there was no such officer or department looking into such important developments. All these loopholes have been exploited by select people for years. We want to make the cooperation movement dynamic and efficient, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551243", "title": "Playing flute to canvass votes", "text": "PATNA: Amid fiery slogans and noisy campaign, Patna University (PU) seems gripped in students' union election fever. And the contenders are banking upon different styles of canvassing - some have got their face painted with the name of their favourite contestant while some are tying their party flag on their foreheads and appealing to other students.But Sumit Anand has a unique style of campaigning. Sticking posters all over his body with \"vote for Ram Kumar Singh' written on them and producing melodious sound from his flute, Sumit, quietly followed by other supporters of the All India Democratic Students' Association (AIDSO) candidate, has been catching attention on the campuses of the varsity and its colleges. For many, this comes as a welcome departure from the routine of slogan shouting or fiery speeches.When the trained flute player was asked about the idea behind the musical canvassing, he said he favoured peace, whether for canvassing or during and after the elections. \"My organization wants a peaceful and safe campus and also promises the same if it wins, and I wanted to use my art for some noble cause and what can be a better opportunity than playing flute to spread the message of peace,\" he said.Besides Sumit, one Kanhaiya is doing the rounds of PU colleges playing a 'dafli' and appealing for votes from students in favour of contestants from his organization - All India Students Federation (AISF).Speaking about his mode of canvassing, he told TOI that during his visit to Jawaharlal Nehru University, he saw the Left party members using 'dafli' during protests, election campaigns and public speeches. He adopted this idea from there.He also said the rhythm of 'dafli', accompanied by fiery lyrics of the famous 'ghazal' \"hum ladenge saathi\" brought vigour in the campaign process and he would never get tired of long hours of playing 'dafli'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552215", "title": "Bringing world class education to the heart of India", "text": "With India being a nation that matters to the world, Delhi, the capital city, has stood to gain a lot, especially in the education sector. The changing face of Delhi has been very pleasant; the city, hence, is considered to be a very important destination for world class education. A hub where global business houses are flocking by the dozen, where super-malls are springing up at the rate of almost one a day, Delhi is the place to be at if you are looking at a truly global career. This is the reason why it is here that top B- schools and coaching institutes are setting up shops, with thousands of enthusiastic students turning the city into a knowledge supermall too! With various options under one roof for students , parents, teachers and academicians, Times Education Expo is the most preferred destination for educational institutions and students alike.TEE focuses on international and Indian be employed at the same time, have the privilege to meet distance learning centers , industrial training institutes , institutes of technical education, open universities , management training centers, language centers and specialised schools of arts. Business schools for aspiring students looking at business management studies and education equipment and accessories for every single education institute looking to source great equipment for educational infrastructure are special features at TEE 2012.You can also witness international institutes , which have their campuses in India at the fair. New College Nottingham, UK (ncn) in collaboration with The Batra Group will be one of them, which will bring to you, NILA - New College Nottingham International Lifestyles Academy. NILA offers courses in hospitality, fashion, retail and interactive media. Notably , students must be prudent enough to judge the best colleges for them.Times Edu-Schools , universities and institutes offering courses on Medicine, IT, Economics, International Management, Engineering Technology, Architecture, Designing, Fashion, Music, Law, Aviation, Accountancy, Media etc. It also features human resource consultancy firms, placement firms and call centers for those aspiring for a great career, banks, student loans, immigration and visa experts to aid students who aspire to study abroad. And for these professionals who desire to pursue further studies and cation Expo 2012 will be held in Delhi on December 15 and 16 at Pragati Maidan . Students can register on the spot and visit this most awaited education and career fair of India. With quality institutes, universities and colleges participating, this event in the field of education has been the most renowned fair on India's education calendar and it aims to be the greatest fair ever held in Delhi, catering to a community of students who are destined to be the future of a bright enterprising India. Be there as this is one class students cannot afford to bunk!Pariticipants1 Academic Information Centre (AIC) 2 Academy of Art University (AAU) 3 Alliance University, Bangalore 4 Anibrain Digital Technologies Pvt Ltd (XDI) 5 ASM Group Pune 6 Campus France 7 CentrumDirect Ltd 8 Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) 9 Delhi Para Medical and Management Institute (DPMI) 10 DSK Supinfocom International Campus 11 ESMOD International Fashion Institutes 12 Falcon Education Pvt Ltd 13 International Placewell Consultants Pvt. Ltd (IPC) 14 ISOMES (Bag Films &amp; Media Ltd ) 15 ITS Ghaziabad 16 KIET Group of Institutions 17 MIT Institute of Design 18 N &amp; N Chopra Consultants Pvt. Ltd 19 National Insurance Academy (NIA) 20 Nottingham International Lifestyle Academy (NILA) 21 Oasis Resource Management 22 OP Jindal Global University 23 Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyor (RICS) 24 Scholarship Facilitation Services Pvt Ltd 25 School D'Hospitality 26 Sinhgad Institutes 27 Sri Sharada Institute of Indian Management (SRISIIM) 28 Swiss Textile College 29 The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) 30 The Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICWAI) 31 United Knowledge Education Consultants Pvt Ltd (SI UK Education Council) 32 VanArts &amp; many more...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17552132", "title": "Bangalore is like bisi bele bhaath", "text": "BANGALORE: Explaining once and for all his much-debated advocacy of renaming Bangalore to Bengaluru, veteran litterateur Dr UR Ananthamurthy told a packed audience during one of the concluding sessions of the Bangalore Literature Festival on Sunday: \"I didn't do it for the sake of [asserting a certain] identity. I requested for this change as it is the name used by the common people. I have learnt how to say New York , Paris, Madrid. In the same way, people living in this city should learn how to say Bengaluru. In New York, people speak many languages, but English is the language that defines the city. In the same way, I wanted Kannada to be the language that defines the city.\"URA's statement may help clear up - or further stir -- the unceasing ideological conflict between a resurgent pride in Kannada language and culture and the 'outsider' issue, but what is likely to be forgotten is the acclaimed writer's subsequent, arguably more significant, statement: \"Identity is important, but generosity is equally important.\"During a discussion in which a wildly enthusiastic and participatory audience bore out the truth of panelist Shobhaa De's statement -- that every Bangalorean believes himself or herself a stakeholder in the city -- some of Bangalore's best minds debated the past, present and future of 'Multiple City' Bangalore. Apart from URA, journalist and theatre person Prakash Belawadi; actor Ramya; former member of the Infosys Board of directors TV Mohandas Pai and author Shobhaa De - who represented Maximum City Mumbai - took part in a hearty dialogue moderated by civic analyst V Ravichandar.Questions of identity are never too far from the debating table in this city, but when it came to Bangalore's identity, the answers were unique and varied. While Belawadi called it a \"troubled adolescent\", Shobhaa De likened it to bisi bele bhaath -- \"tasty, flavourful and replete with a diversity of ingredients\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555554", "title": "Sushant signed 'Gunday' for Ali Abbas Zafar", "text": "Actor Sushant Singh , who will be seen in a cameo role in Yash Raj Films' \"Gunday\", says he signed it only for director Ali Abbas Zafar.\" Gunday director ('Ali Abbas Zafar') comes to my gym regularly and he was my junior in college, so he must have seen me in the gym. My look and body impressed him and he felt that only I can fit the role that he has in his film,\" the 40-year-old said in an interview.\"It is a cameo but since he is from my college and a good boy so I went up to him, heard about the role. I found it interesting, besides, people have not seen me in such a look and it is a Yash Raj film and the co-actors are also good. So, I said yes,\" he added.Gunday features Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor in lead roles, along with Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan.Sushant also said Hate Story 2 will go on floors in Jan next year.\"Vikram Bhatt is producing Hate Story 2 and I am doing that. Surveen Chawla is there. Vishal (Pandya) is directing it and it will start in January,\" said the actor.Sushant, who became famous as the dacoit in Ram Gopal Varma's Jungle , will soon be seen in Four Two Ka One .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551251", "title": "Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay lashes out at party rivals again", "text": "KOLKATA: Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay on Sunday broke his party-imposed silence in a growing indication that the gap between him and Trinamool Congress is only widening.Chattopadhyay used a public function in Rashbehari to commemorate the INTTUC's foundation day to question the party's continued silence on his demand - a public condemnation of the November 27 attack on him by rival Trinamool supporters in Calcutta University. \"I have kept quiet for 12 days. I have always stuck to whatever the party has asked of me. I only seek justice.\" he told ToI.Sobhandeb also continued his tirade against the increasing propensity among the party rank-and-file to take cut money, form supply syndicates and even demand money in lieu of providing water connection. Having said these, he claimed, \"My party leader has always cautioned the workers against all these. I have only repeated the words she had said. As a party worker, I need to take her message to the lowest level. A section of the party workers is doing this using Mamata Banerjee's name. This is wrong and I am only speaking against it.\"Claiming that he had always toed the party line, Chattopadhyay also said: \"Even on that day, I had stopped the use of loudspeakers. I went to meet the VC only after I spoke to the education minister Bratya Basu. When Mukul Roy (party's all India general secretary) requested me to end my sit-in demonstration, I did it. But why will the party only choose silence as a reply to the issues I have raised?\" he said.However, indicating that he will remain in the party till he is asked otherwise, he claimed, \"I was with Trinamool. I am still with it and will continue to remain so. I have been with Mamata Banerjee in her long struggle. She is and will remain my leader. Yes, it's true we had opposed CPM when in Congress too. But it is Mamata, who could topple the CPM. Now, some opportunists and corrupt leaders are trying to undo it. I am only raising a flag against it.\"Sobhandeb's latest tirade didn't end here. \"There are some people who are coming to Trinamool not for the love of it or issues the party represents. This only undermines those who'd held the party flag in the most trying circumstances.\"Sobhandeb, who blamed INTTUC state president Dola Sen's supporters for attacking him, left enough indications that he would not stop till his demand is met.Senior party leaders Partha Chatterjee and Subrata Mukherjee, told by the party chief to resolve the latest inner party squabble, had spoken to Sobhandeb on several occasions. Mamata herself has maintained a silence on the matter, though Governor M K Narayanan has expressed concern on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17551213", "title": "Maoist held, remanded in police custody", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: A Maoist, Manasi Baske, was arrested from Jhasuli village in Salboni police station area on Sunday, said police. She was produced in court and remanded in police custody for five days.Manasi alias Sita is said to be a member of the Bikash Mahato squad. \"She was part of the team that abducted Sankrail police station OC Atindranath Dutta on October 20, 2009,\" said a police officer.Manasi joined the Maoist outfit about four years ago and is believed to have undergone extensive training on handling explosives and encounter with security forces. She is also believed to have been a part of the team that ambushed a police team in Lalgarh's Bansberi area on September 3, 2009.In the wee hours of Sunday, a police team reached Jhasuli village on getting information that Baske was visiting her house.Police expect to get crucial information from her during interrogation.A Maoist was arrested in Salboni and produced in the court on Sunday. Manasi Baskey (20) alias Sita is a member of the Bikash Mahato squad. Police said Baske was part of the team that abducted Sankrail police station OC Atindranath Dutta on October 20, 2009.On getting specific information that Baske was visiting her house in Jhasuli village under Salboni police station, a police team reached the place in the wee hours of Sunday. Baske joined the Maoist outfit about four years ago and is believed to have undergone extensive training on handling explosives and encounter with security forces. She is also believed to have been a part of the team that ambushed on a police team in Lalgarh's Bansberi area on September 3, 2009.Baske was produced the Jhargam court on Sunday and remanded to five day police custody. Police expect to unearth crucial information from Baske who would be interrogated extensively during the next five days.In another incident the president of Trinamool Congress's block women wing at Goaltore was injured on Sunday. Sarbari Dey along with some relatives were heading for Midnapore from Goaltore to attend a wedding. Dey's car hit a man in the Sundra area under Salboni police station.Some motor cyclist chased the car making Dey and other occupants leave the car near Kalani Chandi Khal and ran for cover in the paddy field. Though police rescued Dey and her relatives Dey had injured herself as she fell down. She has been admitted at the Midnapore Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550446", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation proposes passenger facilities under flyover", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is planning to set up passenger amenities under the Nashik Road flyover, where commuters who wish to travel by inter-city buses between Nashik and any other town or city towards Pune, could wait instead of having to travel a kilometre towards the Nashik Road bus stand.The MSRTC has sought permission from the NMC to allocate space under V D Savarkar flyover at Nashik Road. \"Since the flyover is centrally located, the passengers will not have to travel unnecessarily,\" divisional controller K B Deshmukh said.\"At present, passengers stop at Bytco Point and near Shivaji Maharaj statue, within two hundred metres of each other. This is adding to the traffic chaos. It is better that the passengers get a common area to wait. We have sought permission from the NMC. If approved, we will create the passenger facilities there,\" the senior official said.He also sought the arrangement of the bus stop at Dadar where facilities have been made available for the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554320", "title": "\"I can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t come to work today because\u00e2\u20ac\u00a6\u00e2\u20ac\u009d", "text": "Mithila Mehta speaks to bosses on the funniest excuses their teams have given for not coming to work.From time-to-time, every boss can expect to receive an early morning call from an employee, apologetically informing him/ her that due to certain unforeseen reasons, they will not be coming to work.The excuses cited range from being mundane or generic to just plain absurd. \"The number of different excuses I have heard over the years, whether for showing up late at work or not showing up at all, is not funny. The most common excuses pertain to illness and death. However, have heard some rather colourful excuses as well,\" says Suresh Goyal, category head at an FMCG organisation.Excuses vary Medical excuses needn't be as mundane as a migraine or fever. Goyal recalls some of the funniest excuses he's heard over the years. \"Once, an employee called me saying he's had a violent adverse reaction to a new shampoo he used, and clumps of his hair are falling off\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhence he needs to visit a doctor immediately. The poor guy was absolutely distressed, but I couldn't stop laughing. Another time, an employee called me one morning saying he fell of his bed the night before, and broke his front tooth. He had to go to the dentist to get it fixed.\"Rita Gulbargani, state head at a consumer durables organisation, recalls an employee who routinely used the health card. \"When there was a SARS epidemic, he called me saying he has symptoms and was planning to quarantine himself. He did the same thing during Bird Flu, Chikungunya and every other epidemic.\" In keeping with the Indian attitude towards family and social occasions, employees often use this route to take the day off.Thanks to the existence of the great Indian joint family, employees can get away with citing excuses such as illness, death, marriage or childbirth of various family members and never get caught. One of my junior managers also occasionally takes time off saying he is going to his hometown to meet girls for marriage,\" narrates Gulbargani. Pets are a favoured excuse (or reason!) for employees to take time off. Laughs Rasesh Modi, Director at Solutions 360, an integrated marketing agency, \"During our school days, we loved blaming our dogs for eating our homework. That habit doesn't change in the corporate world. This is a handy excuse for employees who don't have children.\"The perfect reason?Is there any such thing as the perfect reason? Bosses are divided on the matter. \"To my mind, there is no one perfect reason. Rather, there is a perfect delivery of the excuse. The employee should be clear, precise and confident while explaining the situation.\" says Goyal. Opines Modi, \"I would say a perfect excuse is one which is supported by fact and a fair amount of detail, but is intentionally slightly ambiguous to quell any chance of getting caught. Excuses that have an emotional angle work well, as do excuses which are routed in external factors or circumstances that the employee has no control over, such as a strike, breakdown of public transport or political rally.\"Does it help if the excuse has a touch of humour? \"If I hear a really funny excuse that seems plausible as well, I will accept it. Bosses have a sense of humour too. At the same time, some excuses seem just so ridiculous. Humour shouldn't be stretched. It just loses value then,\" says Goyal.Caught in the act It's only natural for your employer to doubt the genuineness of your reasons. \"A lot depends upon my previous experience with the employee. But when someone calls in saying they'd like out-of-turn leave, I am usually suspicious. I intentionally ask questions to gauge how concrete their story is. I also make it a point to question them about it in detail the next day at work,\" says Goyal.The power of technology, smart phones and constant connectivity is also making it easier for bosses to separate the genuine reasons from the flimsy excuses. \"Just a few months ago, one of my management trainees called me saying her pet guinea pig had gotten trapped in her printer. I laughed, but obviously found the story ridiculous. Thanks to the power of technology, I asked her to take a photograph and send it across to me immediately,\" shares Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17551079", "title": "Cenito's body in Goa; autopsy at Hospicio today", "text": "MARGAO: The body of the 19-year- sailor from Aquem Baixo, Cenito Vaz, who passed away on board the ship last month, was brought to Goa on Sunday and with the assistance of Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado, the second post-mortem has been scheduled to at Hospicio hospital, Margao, on Monday.The bereaved family was left distraught when they first heard the news of their son's untimely passing, and refuse to believe that it was a case of suicide. On Sunday, there was a huge queue comprising family and friends who visited the family to console the family. Many of them spoke of the boy who used to like to play football , or the boy who was going to follow his late father's footsteps and become a seafarer. Some spoke spoke of the quiet, gentle-mannered Cenito they were so fond of. His mother, Sarita, who lost her husband Cruz two years ago , had last spoken to her son on November 13th, five days before the incident took place on November 18.Vaz was sailing as a saloon trainee on board the MV Sakura Glory of the Mumbai'based Anglo-Eastern ship management company, and while his employers claimed that he committed suicide, the Vaz family suspects the case to be either a murder or some fatal accident during work, that led to Cenito's death.\"First of all, the boy was very happy and looking forward to his first stint on the ship; then, a week later, this happens,\" said Leslie Coutinho , Vaz's brother-in-law. \"When we raised our doubts, the company told us that the postmortem which was conducted in Panama will take more than a month, and we have asked for a second post mortem immediately to clear our doubts. Just look at his photographs, and you can know that there has been some foul play.\"The body arrived at Dabolim airport at 1.05 pm on Sunday, from where it was taken to the Hospicio hospital, and then to the morgue. Navelim MLA Avertando Furtado, who was at the hospital, spoke to the authorities, and they scheduled the postmortem on Monday. \"The family are upset and they do not believe it to be a case of suicide,\" said Furtado. \"We are now going to wait for the results of the second post mortem report.\"The family has decided to wait for the post mortem report before planning their next course of action, which includes the date and time of the funeral. The late Cenito used to reside opposite the military camp at Aquem Baixo, behind their ancestral house, with his mother and younger brother, who is still studying in school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550039", "title": "Reaching ATMs an uphill task for disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: T M N Deepak, a 32-year-old psychologist, hates to go to the ATM near his house in Medavakkam. The physically handicapped finds it tough to negotiate the few steps that lead to the teller machine. Like the ATM at Medavakkam, several others in the city have been set up without a thought for the physically handicapped.\"People like me often have to take help from strangers. When wheel chair-bound people are unable to reach the ATM, they are forced to take help from strangers and divulge their ATM PIN,\" said Deepak, who is also the president of the Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation Charitable Trust.Section 46 of the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995 provides for non-discrimination against persons with disabilities in the built environment. In 2009, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued a circular asking all banks to make ATMs easily accessible to these people by providing ramps, adjusting the height of the machines for people on wheel chairs and having voice-enabled services and Braille.The circular instructed the banks to install speech recognition software and Braille keypads. It also wanted the banks to make arrangements in such a way that the height of the ATM does not create an impediment to people on wheel chairs. But many disabled and senior citizens say this is rarely followed by banks.All India Bank Employees' Association of India (AIBEA) general secretary C H Venkatachalam said banks are yet to follow the RBI instructions. \"It's unfortunate that most ATMs don't have facilities for the physically challenged. Many disabled people have their salary accounts in these banks and have to use ATMs,\" he said.Govinda Krishnan, founder of Nethrodaya, which works for visually challenged people, said, \"It's unfortunate that most of the banks are not considering the rights of disabled people.\"They feel the same about many movie halls in the city. P Simmachandran of Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation said that most public places in the city are not disabled friendly. \"It's a serious issue that establishments don't care about the rights of disabled people,\" he said. A senior manager of HDFC said, \"Though we are already providing enough facilities for the disabled in our new ATMs, space crunch is a major hurdle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aligarh", "code": "17554195", "title": "Seeking IOC views to resurrect Indian sports: Zafar Iqbal", "text": "ALIGARH: Former India hockey captain Zafar Iqbal said the country's prominent athletes would write to the International Olympic Committee seeking its help for drawing up a blueprint for resurrecting sports.Iqbal, who was here as the Chief Guest at the prize giving ceremony of the North Zone Inter University Cricket Tournament, said that the entire sports community in India was deeply saddened by the recent events leading to the Indian Olympic Association being suspended from the IOC .\"We are seeking the views of the international committee for drawing up a roadmap to enable sportspersons to play a major role in different sporting bodies in the country,\" Iqbal said.He said the only way out was to clean up different sports bodies by giving a voice to former sportspersons.Earlier, speaking at the prize giving ceremony of the tournament, Iqbal said universities were important for discovering sports talent.\"We cannot afford to neglect sportspersons at the university level if we wish to become a major player on the international scene of sports,\" he said.Iqbal called upon universities in the country to draw an action plan for encouraging sportspersons at the college level to help India emerge as a major sports power in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17554280", "title": "Salman Khurshid advises caution over Markandey Katju's views on Kashmir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after Press Council of India chief Markandey Katju favoured reunification of India and Pakistan to resolve Kashmir issue, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid has cautioned against picking up issues which may raise people's emotions unnecessarily.Khurshid said the Press Council of India (PCI) chairperson has freedom to say a lot of things which he does not have.\"Justice Katju has freedom to say a lot of things but I don't have. We cannot talk about something reversing history because that can only be done if everyone speaks that way... We should not pick up something that once again raises people's emotions unnecessarily,\" he said.\"But he is a visionary and he is a person who has his own ways and it's interesting to hear what he says,\" Khurshid said here on Sunday on the sidelines of a function when asked to comment on Katju's views.Addressing a seminar here, Katju had said that the only solution to the Kashmir problem is reunification of India and Pakistan under a strong and \"modern-minded\" government which will not tolerate bigotry.Khurshid said both India and Pakistan should emotionally bond to understand each other.\"Well it is a way of expressing what divides us. Originally one people, one family. We got divided because of the events that took place. But sometimes when it happens you have to learn to live together. And in learning to live together if you blame each other you never learn to live together. So emotionally you have to bond to understand each other,\" he said.Khurshid said India wants resolution of all issues with its neighbours through talks.\"With our neighbours we have to talk. Because there is no substitute to dialogue and dialogue and it has to be placed with open heart. Sometimes it improves sometimes it gets retarded sometimes it move forward but we are working on it and let the dialogue continue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552218", "title": "Smart package", "text": "Sandeep Goyal, Founder and CEO, Sanex Packaging Connections Pvt Ltd, on the new areas in the packaging industry.Packaging has always been seen as the integral part of any product - be it food, pharmaceuticals, machinery, automobiles , and so on. It is not known for research and development. Packaging has been more looked at as a container for the product till a decade back. Now, with organised retail and urbanisation, packaging is seen more as a value addition to the product as well as brands. The emerging trends, which are changing the packaging market in India include change in demographics, growing middle income and rapid urbanisation. Factors like health and well-being , safety and sustainability, convenience and conspicuous consumption, on-thego lifestyle, concerns about product safety and security, growing ethnic diversity and ageing society, are also contributing to the change.Industry statusThe packaging industry worldwide is one of the fastest moving with US $395 billion in 2010 and is estimated to grow to US $460 billion by 2015. This shows a positive growth for the packaging professionals across the globe. As per Pira Food, packaging is the largest segment, accounting for 51% of the total market at USD 202bn.Beverage packaging accounts for 18%, followed by six per cent for healthcare and five per cent for cosmetics. Packaging for healthcare and cosmetics is experiencing good use category, at 4.5% per year until the year 2015.Growth areasInternational brands, which are coming to India, have played an important role. The shelf war at the retail is taking packaging to newer venues for exploration. Innovative packaging has become the talk of the industry. Also sustainability and eco-friendly packaging has come into picture with increasing usage of packaging and this is going to be marking a major difference in future packaging.Skill-sets requiredAs this is a highly specialised field, a basic education in packaging technology is a must. Along with this is required a high level of hard work, dedication, belief in the work, patience and self belief.RemunerationUnfortunately, remuneration has taken the highest priority over job satisfaction and work experience, which can definitely not be the torch bearer for freshers. As a fresher, the main focus should be on gaining as much knowledge as possible. A strong and long-term career plan is required. Hopping companies and profiles just for extra perks may not bring the real winner in you. Like every growing industry, packaging also has lot of challenges and disparities. There are not much standard remuneration structures available. As per one of the surveys done by us online, the data clearly showed that the starting salary may vary between Rs 2 and 4 lakh. With experience and added skill sets during on-job training and projects handled , remunerations may increase as you move up in career. There are also great opportunities to turn into entrepreneurs.-- As told to Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550036", "title": "Expect pleasant weather today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though there was some chill in the air, it was a pleasant Sunday for Delhiites with maximum and minimum temperatures remaining at comfortable levels.The minimum temperature was recorded at 9 deg C, normal for this time of the year. Yesterday, the low was at 9.3 deg C. The maximum temperature was recorded at 28.1 deg C which is four degree above normal.The MeT office has predicted similar weather conditions for tomorrow with the maximum and minimum likely to to be around 27 and 9 degrees respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17550931", "title": "Medley of colour, text, music, poetry", "text": "PANAJI: Symmetry-an artwork at Trishla Jain's pop-up exhibition 'Tangerine Trees &amp; Marmalade Skies'-is a puzzle of collage, made of paper strips printed with different patterns and of colour patches of varied thickness and hues. Before the viewer can wonder about the contradictory title, the words 'it is not symmetry' hidden in the pattern seem to whisper sense into its viewers.Nearly all of the artist's works, on display at Sunaparanta Centre for the Arts at Altinho in Panaji, have a similar effect on its viewers: innocently flirtatious and playfully deceptive. The exhibition-whose title is inspired from a Beatles song-is the Stanford graduate's third, where her canvas is anything from the regular painting surface to vintage furniture pieces and her brush paints anything from random rhymes to Shakespearean sonnets.Texturally rich, play on sounds forms an essential component in making the voice of Trishla's paint heard. The oval shaped 'Wickedly Lickety Shot' not only dabbles with the repetition of the words 'lickety split', but also in paint textured with moulding paste and the surface of glass and collages of patterns synchronized with ease on the wooden background.Even the texture of the words ranges from free flowing graffiti to fonts cut out from wood and other material.The works of Trishla-who is inspired by Lewis Caroll's Alice in Wonderland genre of fantasy-also have the subtle fragrance of a very practical variety of spirituality, which is not preachy. In her painting 'Now', for instance, Trishla urges the viewer 'You had better stay in the now!' But the artist says that there is no intense and heavy thought behind the paintings that needs to be demystified. \"I just want everyone who comes to see the paintings to fall in love with them, have a big smile on their face and feel happy,\" says Trishla, which also explains the generous and fearless usage of bright colours in her works.\"One also finds usage of a lot of objects in Trishla's works which were either found or have been collected by her. The installation 'Come in, Come in' is a wooden almirah full of such things. She uses a lot of vintage objects, which were in use at some point of time but are not at present. It makes the viewer link the objects to their own memories and childhood,\" the show's curator Priya Pall said.The exhibition, being held in collaboration with Exhibit 320, is grabbing the attention of art enthusiasts and laymen alike. \"I like the way Trishla has not restricted herself to only one medium like canvas and has put paint on anything from furniture to glass and has managed to utilize the surface completely,\" Goa-based artist Aadhi Vishal said.\"I found the artworks very unique because they have a lot of fresh and bright colours, which appeal to everyone,\" CCP corporator Kabir Pinto Makhija said.Even for the viewers, Trishla's works throw up a fresh challenge to conformity. Former Kala Academy member secretary Pandurang Phaldessai said, \"This is a new style I have come across. The paintings are a medley of everything-not only colour and texture, but also text, rhythm, music and poetry.\"The show is on at Sunaparanta, Goa Centre for the Arts, 63/C-8, Near Lar de Estudantes Altinho, Panaji till December 12. Open all days. For details, call 0832-2421311", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17552322", "title": "Cops arrest Kollam youth for possessing lupigesic drug", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Police arrested a youth for possessing 96 ampoules of lupigesic from Polathuruth area near Veeyapuram in the district on Saturday night.The arrested youth has been identified as Rishad (30), son of Ummer of Padinjattathil House in Eravipuram, Kollam .Veeyapuram SI R Harikumar said lupigesic is usually used as a pain killer for terminally ill patients afflicted with cancer and other major ailments.The police team led by R Harikumar picked up Rishad with 96 ampoules of Lupigesic, five injection needles and two syringes. Police also seized the motorbike in which the youth was travelling in and a mobile phone.\"He told us that the ampoules were brought for sale in Chakkulathukkavu. He also said that he was living in a rented house in Vadakathil house in Vellanakkal in Kollam district, \" the police said.The police, acting on a tip-off, conducted a vehicle raid in Pollathuruthu in the Veeyapuram-Edathua road and arrested the youth. He had hidden the ampoules inside the clothes in a plastic cover. The youth was remanded to judicial custody for 14 days by the court and shifted to Mavelikkara sub-jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554437", "title": "'Kamal deserves to be celebrated'", "text": "Veteran filmmaker Bharathiraja heaped laurels on Kamal Haasan and said that he is a rich treasure and deserves to be celebrated while speaking at the audio launch of Viswaroopam held in Chennai on Friday. The first copy of the audio was released by veteran music composer Ilayaraja.Filmmakers K S Ravikumar , A R Murugadoss, Dharani and Lingusamy, thespain Sivaji Ganesan's sons Ram Kumar and Prabhu besides Vikram Prabhu graced the occasion. After launching the audio in Madurai and Coimbatore, Kamal Haasan organised a mega event in Chennai to release the audio.Viswaroopam stars Kamal Haasan, Pooja Kumar, Andre Jermiah, Rahul Bose , Shekhar Kapur were among others who graced the occasion. The music composers of the movie Shankar Ehshaan Loy were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17554957", "title": "Katni gang-rape victim threatens suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A 19-year-old gang-rape victim, hailing from Katni district, has threatened to commit suicide alleging that she was being harassed by the accused including a BJP leader, to withdraw her complaint.in a complaint to the Katni police she alleged that the accused have threatened to upload her 'rape-footage' on internet in case she failed to withdraw the complaint.The victim, a resident of Katni's Sleemanand tehsil had lodged a complaint in July this year claiming that she was abducted while returning from school and gang-raped by three youths of her locality.Though the case was registered in July earlier this year, police arrested one person on Saturday while the two other accused got bail from the high court. Now, the girl has threatened to commit suicide claiming that police were not arresting the accused under pressure of a local BJP MLA.The girl's family has alleged that owing to pressure exerted by the politician, the police had even refused to register an FIR in the case. They further alleged that the culprits are issuing threats to the girl to withdraw the case or else they would post the video clip of the rape on internet.When contacted, superintendent of police (SP), Katni, Rajesh Hingankar said that the case was registered before he joined at Katni and said that will look into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551913", "title": "Four of lover's family booked for girl's abduction", "text": "NAGPUR: Four people of a family have been booked by Jaripataka police for allegedly abducting a minor girl on the pretext of marriage. Besides the girl's lover Pramod Gajbhiye, 25, police have also booked his parents Ramesh and Babita, and brother Sunil (20), all residents of Samata Nagar, for allegedly helping Gajbhiye abduct the girl.Police said that the girl's father lodged a complaint almost a month after his daughter went missing. His complaint alleged that Gajbhiye made false promise of marrying his daughter and eloped with her last month. Police are searching for the absconding Gajbhiye and the minor girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17553991", "title": "Plans afoot for 1200-km Paradip-Hyderabad oil pipeline", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) has decided to lay a 1200-km oil pipeline from Paradip to Hyderabad passing through Visakhapatnam, IOCL executive director (eastern division) H S Pati said in Paradip recently.Talking to mediapersons, Pati said there are plans to implement two more multi-purpose pipelines originating from Paradip.While the 1,065-km-long Paradip-Raipur-Ranchi pipeline at a cost of Rs 1,793 crore will supply LPG to bottling plants in Odisha and West Bengal, the 710-km Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur pipeline worth Rs 913 crore will transport refined products from Paradip refinery to consumption centres located in Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, he said.The IOCL plans to expand its pipeline network by more than 10,000-km in the coming years. The capacity of the pipeline network would increase by about 50 Million Metric Tonne Per Annum ( MMTPA), Pati said. The oil corporation is also setting up two more (Single Point Moorings) SPMs in Paradip port at an investment of Rs 1,493 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "in these aquarian times when everyone is loaded with information and impacted with profound changes at a lightning speed - every human is seeking peace, some solace, and a 'pause'. there is a huge cacophony of ideas, emotions and that too at a very fast pace. the only way to match pace is to sync your inner self with the supreme as it is the supreme that alone has the remote.  the masses and the classes 'dance attack anthem creator' daler mehndi whose roots have always been firmly grounded with the supreme is truly a pan-genre artist. in january 2012, he promised his fans to take them on a different journey starting with 'sufi' and the entire year has passed with him living his promise. he released albums in various genres including bhangra-pop, gurbani, sufi and rababi, and now after massive prodding by his fans, he is out with his first ever devotional bhajan album dedicated to shirdi sai baba. the new album is titled maula sai and has been released on d records. the brand new album 'maula sai' comprises of four tracks and features gyaarah vachan, sai bhajan and chants. the four tracks in the incredibly rich voice of mehndi weave the magic of faith and create an aura of intense joy and happiness. the album welcomes you with 'sai raam sai raam - sai celebration' - the highlight of the album where listener simply cannot resist rejoicing with the jubilant beats and rhythm of the track. then comes 'gyaarah vachan' which resounds sai baba's eleven promises which consolidate listener's mind with an absolute feeling of love and protection that baba promised to his devotees. next is entrancing 'maula sai' sung in the glory of sai baba, evoking his divine blessings. the celebration which began with the glory of divine culminates with 'bol sai raam sai raam chant' inviting the listener to chant along and take a plunge in the blissful ocean of grace. the last track 'sai ram - reggae mix' creates a euphoric ambience compelling the devotees to sing along and rejoice. maula sai is definitely a mesmerizing presentation of sai bhajans and a complete masterpiece. this is the first time mehndi has rendered a devotional album consisting of sai bhajans. mehndi quotes, \"it has been in my heart to release a sai album. for me, all gurus, all masters are a way to reach that supreme power. love and righteousness is the universal message that every master has taught. bhakti, faith, and devotion help one to connect with that highest power. the virtues of faith and patience are what baba also preached! see... different times, different names but a love that is the same yesterday, today and forever calling - come to me now. my latest release maula sai also encapsulates the same faith through four sai devotional tracks. i have also composed a video featuring me crooning baba's gyaarah vachan.\" source", "code": "17554935", "title": "Daler Mehndi releases devotional album", "text": "In these Aquarian times when everyone is loaded with information and impacted with profound changes at a lightning speed - every human is seeking peace, some solace, and a 'pause'. There is a huge cacophony of ideas, emotions and that too at a very fast pace. The only way to match pace is to sync your inner self with the Supreme as it is the Supreme that alone has the remote.  The masses and the classes 'Dance Attack Anthem Creator' Daler Mehndi whose roots have always been firmly grounded with the Supreme is truly a pan-genre artist. In January 2012, he promised his fans to take them on a different journey starting with 'Sufi' and the entire year has passed with him living his promise. He released albums in various genres including Bhangra-pop, Gurbani, Sufi and Rababi, and now after massive prodding by his fans, he is out with his first ever devotional Bhajan album dedicated to Shirdi Sai Baba. The new album is titled Maula Sai and has been released on D Records. The brand new album 'Maula Sai' comprises of four tracks and features Gyaarah Vachan, Sai Bhajan and chants. The four tracks in the incredibly rich voice of Mehndi weave the magic of faith and create an aura of intense joy and happiness. The album welcomes you with 'Sai Raam Sai Raam - Sai Celebration' - the highlight of the album where listener simply cannot resist rejoicing with the jubilant beats and rhythm of the track. Then comes 'Gyaarah Vachan' which resounds Sai Baba's eleven promises which consolidate listener's mind with an absolute feeling of love and protection that Baba promised to his devotees. Next is entrancing 'Maula Sai' sung in the glory of Sai Baba, evoking his divine blessings. The celebration which began with the glory of divine culminates with 'Bol Sai Raam Sai Raam chant' inviting the listener to chant along and take a plunge in the blissful ocean of grace. The last track 'Sai Ram - Reggae Mix' creates a euphoric ambience compelling the devotees to sing along and rejoice. Maula Sai is definitely a mesmerizing presentation of Sai Bhajans and a complete masterpiece. This is the first time Mehndi has rendered a devotional album consisting of Sai Bhajans. Mehndi quotes, \"It has been in my heart to release a Sai Album. For me, all Gurus, all masters are a way to reach that supreme power. Love and righteousness is the universal message that every master has taught. Bhakti, faith, and devotion help one to connect with that highest power. The virtues of faith and patience are what Baba also preached! See... different times, different names but a love that is the same yesterday, today and forever calling - Come to me now. My latest release Maula Sai also encapsulates the same faith through four Sai devotional tracks. I have also composed a video featuring me crooning Baba's Gyaarah Vachan.\" Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551313", "title": "Aadhar services to miss Jan 1 deadline", "text": "JAIPUR: The pilot implementation of Aadhaar enabled services in the three selected districts of Ajmer, Udaipur and Alwar is set to miss the January 1, 2013 deadline as the enrollment of UID cards remains far below the desired level of 80%. As on Friday, Aadhaar cards have been issued to only 21% of the people in Ajmer, while the penetration is 23% in Alwar and 20% in Udaipur.A top official involved in project told TOI that given the current enrollment status, it would be difficult to implement the pilot projects from January 1.It is not possible for us to implement the pilot projects for Aadhaar enabled services in Udaipur, Alwar and Ajmer from January next year. The level of Aadhaar cards coverage is very low. We are expediting the whole exercise, but we need more time,a said the official preferring anonymity.The Centre has announced to roll out the project in 43 districts of the country on pilot basis from the beginning of next calendar year linking 29 government schemes to the Aadhaar. The electronic cash transfers of welfare schemes will be based on Aadhaar (Unique Identification Number) platform.However, Rajasthan government was planning to initially link only three schemes such as social security pension, scholarships and benefits under public distribution system to Aadhaar, said the official.Given the present status, the rollout schedule announced by chief minister Ashok Gehlot last month to implement the schemes across state may also miss the scheduled timeline.Gehlot had set April 1 deadline for CM Rural BPL Awaas Yojana and social security pension schemes. The government has planned to link post-metric and higher education scholarships to Aadhaar from next academic year. February 1, 2013 has been set for payment of salaries to government officials through Aadhaar. But so far, people covered by Aadhaar cards in the state is only a little over 17% of the total population.The Kotkasim pilot project in Alwar district has failed to live up to the expectations and unless the government cracks the whip, it may again not only miss the deadline but also fall far behind the finishing line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555201", "title": "Wills-Kat not getting nanny for baby", "text": "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to break away from the royal tradition by not employing a full-time nanny for their child.The couple is determined to be \"hands-on parents\" and Kate is planning to look after her child without the help of someone 24 hours a day.They may, however, employ a part-time nanny who will fulfill the role as a \"babysitter\" by looking after their baby when they have to attend events, the Daily Mail reported.Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton will also be there to lend a hand as much as possible.\"Catherine and William are determined to be hands-on parents,\" one of the couple's friends said.\"Her parents are very excited about the baby and will help out as much as possible.\"They will, probably, use a part-time nanny to help them out when they have to attend events and don't have a babysitter, but they don't want a full-time nanny,\" the friend added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551907", "title": "Gondia needs a medical college immediately", "text": "The state government has been promising to start a government medical and hospital in Gondia. The population of the city and district has grown a lot and it now needs a government hospital. People from Gondia area have to go to Nagpur for treatment.Gondia is a Naxal-affected area and hence it is imperative to have a state-of-the-art hospital. If the villagers get proper medical treatment at nominal cost then they will develop a positive image of the government. It will be easier to counter Naxalite propaganda by providing such facilities.These reasons apart, the requirement for number of doctors has gone up tremendously while government is neither increasing the seats in the existing colleges nor starting new ones. As a result, meritorious students are being forced to take admission in private colleges, which charge astronomical amounts.Another burning issue of my district is the poor price being given to paddy farmers. In the neighbouring districts lying in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the state governments are paying a bonus of Rs 100 per quintal. Our government should also pay the same. In our area, most purchase centres are not buying paddy at minimum support price (MSP). This has led to exploitation of paddy cultivators. Government should open a large number of procurement centres so that prices move northward.Some irrigation projects in our district have not taken off or are stuck at the initial stages due to lack of funds and forest clearance. The most important project is the inter-state Rs 400 crore barrage. It lies on the border of Gondia and Balaghat districts. The barrage will greatly increase the irrigation capacity in Gondia district and improve drinking water situation. The lift irrigation schemes in our district should be completed and be made functional.Of late some politicians from Western Maharashtra have demanded that the government should consider taluka as the unit for calculating the backlog. This is an ominous sign for Vidarbha. If this happens it will once again lead to siphoning of funds to other regions of the state.The Constitution recognizes only three regions of Maharashtra - Vidarbha, Marathwada and Rest of Maharashtra. The backlog has been and should be calculated with the district as the unit. The politicians of Western Maharashtra can't violate the Constitution to suit their needs. The step would be a violation of the Indian Constitution.In 2001, the then governor PC Alexander was devising a formula to remove the backlog of backward regions of the state. Many leaders of Western Maharashtra tried to pressure him to accept taluka as the basic unit for calculation of backlog. However, Alexander refused, noting in his order that if this was done the backlog of Vidarbha and Marathwada would never be removed.If there are some talukas in Western Maharashtra which have a backlog then other talukas should contribute to improve their condition. Vidarbha and Marathwada can't be asked to pay for it.The suggestion that projects nearing completion should be given priority while work on the new and incomplete ones should be stopped until the former are complete is dangerous for Vidarbha. The incomplete projects have been defined as the ones which are less than 25% complete.The number of projects that fall under incomplete category in Western Maharashtra is almost in single digits while in Vidarbha it is around 100 out of the total 320. Work on all the projects in the Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district and Washim district, which has one of the highest irrigation backlog, would stop. Many major projects are also on the list: Jigaon (Buldhana), Human (Chandrapur) and Lower Penganga (Yavatmal).(Gopaldas Agrawal is Congress MLA from Gondia)FIVE ISSUES THAT GOPALDAS AGRAWAL WANTS TO BE DISCUSSED* The population of Gondia city and district has grown a lot and it now needs a government medical college and hospital. People from Gondia area have to go to Nagpur for treatment. It is high time that the city gets the medical college. Government has promised to set it up many times but no concrete action has been taken so far.* The governments of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh are providing a bonus of Rs 100 per quintal to paddy growers. On the other hand our government has not opened sufficient number of purchase centres that are offering minimum support price. Immediate steps need to be taken to help our paddy farmers.* The Rs 400 crore inter-state Dangorli barrage lying in Gondia and Balaghat districts is yet to take off. The barrage will greatly increase the irrigation capacity in Gondia district and improve drinking water supply situation. The lift irrigation schemes in our district should be constructed and made operational in Gondia district immediately.* Taluka should not be made as the unit for calculating the backlog else it will be a grave injustice to Vidarbha.* The 25% incomplete condition for irrigation projects is highly unjust as it does not take into account the delay in projects of Vidarbha due to delay in obtaining forest clearance.REWIND 2011: INQUIRY AGAINST BABU'S SOCIETYUnder fire from opposition members chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that he would inquire into the reasons why no action was taken against the Patliputra housing society at Versova, Andheri. The members of this society include senior bureaucrats and police officers. Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had first reported irregularities committed on the plot allotted to the society in June, 2010. While inquiries were conducted against the Adarsh society scam accused, the Patliputra society accused have escaped unscathed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552061", "title": "Consumers start using non-subsidized LPG cylinders", "text": "NAGPUR: Many domestic LPG cylinder consumers in city have started shelling out the full rate from the current month after utilizing their subsidized quota. Nandkumar Raipure, president of Vidarbha LPG Dealers Association, said, \"As per the feedback I have got from all my members, almost 50% consumers (from all the three marketing companies) have used up their quota and have started paying as per the market rate.\"In September, the central government announced that every consumer will be provided three subsidized cylinders for the remaining part of the current financial year. However, six cylinders will be provided at subsidized rates in the financial year. However, during Diwali festival in November, most households had used up an extra cylinder.SN Bokde, deputy manager of LPG Sales at Indian Oil Corporation (IOC Nagpur), said, \"Almost 30% of our consumers have started using the non-subsidized quota. We were expecting this to happen in December because of the festive season.\"The prices for non-subsidized domestic LPG cylinders have also fallen below the Rs1,000 mark this month. From Rs1,041.50 per cylinder in November, prices have cooled down to Rs965.50. The new rates will be released on January 1 as per the oil rates in international markets.Bokde added that consumers with multiple connections need to complete documentation and surrender the extra cylinders before new bookings can be made. \"Advance notice had been given to those with multiple connections and now the deadline for filling the KYC form has also been extended till December end. However, in lone markets we have made an exception and the bookings there have restarted,\" he said.Lone markets are places where there is a single gas agency and consumers have no option but to avail its services.Dealers' association president Raipure said, \"By January, almost all consumers will end up using the non-subsidized cylinders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550341", "title": "Women steal gold chain, 13 saris", "text": "NASHIK: Thirteen saris, worth Rs 55,000 were stolen by two unidentified women from a shop in the College Road area on Friday. Around 1.45 pm, two women entered the shop at S K Open mall under the pretext of purchasing sarees. They diverted the attention of the salesperson and stole the sarees.Tejaswani Arguj, who lodged a complaint with the Gangapur Police Station said the theft was noticed a day later following which the offence was lodged on Saturday. In another case, two more unidentified women stole a gold chain worth Rs 38,000 from a jewellery shop on Saturday evening.The jeweller, Yogesh Shegaokar, said the women came to his shop in Devi Chowk, Nashik Road, around 4.30 pm to buy a gold chain. They sought additional work on one chain, but stole another by diverting the attention of the jeweller and the helpers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554184", "title": "Murder witness fears attack by miscreants", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A man who was eyewitness to the murder of one Sangram Mallick in Khandagiri area on late Friday night, and helped police identify one of the killers, is going through sleepless nights apprehending trouble from the accused, who are still at large.\"Since I narrated the murder sequence to the police, the accused will target me,\" said the eyewitness, a betel shop owner.Around 2 am on Saturday morning, three men had knocked on his shop and asked for cold drink. \"I knew one of them.They asked me to show them Sangram's home. They shot him in my presence through a window. Sangram was asleep,\" he said. Based on his statement, police had on Saturday arrested one Trinath Das, who was produced in a lower court here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552059", "title": "Aerobridge 1 stops functioning again", "text": "NAGPUR: The aerobridge 1 which had started operating only on December 7 has again stopped functioning. The reason for it could not be determined as the concerned authorities were not available for comment.Aerobridge 2 which started operating on December 1 is still functioning. Both the aerobridges were lying unused since May because of bad condition of the apron area. Re-carpeting of the apron was finished recently without incurring any extra cost and the aerobridge services restarted. But yet again, one of them has stopped functioning.\"The engineering department will know the reason for the non-functioning and further information can be given by the Airport Terminal Management (ATM) only. Also for reasons best known to them, all the airlines are not using the aerobridge,\" said senior airport director, P Anil Kumar. However, the ATM authorities remained unavailable for comment.The aerobridges in Nagpur have had a rocky ride ever since 2004 when they were first proposed. It was only in September 2011 that one of them started operating and the other one followed suit in February 2012 only to be shut down in May. The repeated issues with the functioning of the aerobridges put a question mark on the consistency of the airport services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17552289", "title": "City corporation continues drive against illegal structures", "text": "COIMBATORE: City corporation officials have locked and sealed illegal structures inside a posh residential apartment complex being developed by an international property developer firm near Sowripalayam late on Saturday night. Civic body officials initiated action against a two storey club house and a swimming pool located inside the complex. Though a water treatment plant was also found to be constructed on encroached land, the authorities have not taken action in this matter, as it is required to supply water to some residents who have already moved into the building.According to corporation officials, the owners have also been asked to suspend ongoing construction work as the building license for the structure obtained from the corporation had expired in 2010. Officials locked and sealed the club house building illegally constructed on 272 sq mt space and a swimming pool occupying 72 sqmt of space at The Retreat, residential apartment complex project in Sowripalayam here in the city. The project is being developed by Mint Homes, a property development firm with a presence in the international circuits especially in the United States .\"The violations also included deviation from the approved Floor Space Index area. The initial building license was given in 2007 which expired in 2009 and an additional one year extension was given which also lapsed in 2010. We have asked them to suspend all construction work on an immediate basis,\" said a senior Coimbatore corporation official.However, the civic body was aware of these same violations as officials had conducted an inspection in July 2012 and the deviations were pointed out in detail. The State Information Commissioner had imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the Public Information Officer of the corporation on July 15, 2012 after the civic body officials delayed an RTI query filed by K Ramasubramaniam, a resident of Tatabad in the city seeking details about the project for more than a year on July 14, 2012. The total housing project includes about 136 apartments out of which a few have already been completed and some residents have already occupied their property. The civic officials also removed few tea stalls and shops which were setup without permission near VOC park on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17552149", "title": "Sudden counselling troubles aspiring teachers in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The online counselling for the Bachelor of Teaching (BT) assistant posts in Trichy held on Sunday left many candidates inconvenienced. The candidates did not receive the call letter but got the information through a television channel.The Directorate of School Education, Chennai had sent a notice to all the chief educational officers on December 7 to conduct the counselling on December 9 in all the districts. The counseling was for the candidates who cleared Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test (TNTET) conducted on October 14, 2012. The TNET result was declared in November and the selected candidates were awaiting their appointment.Since the duration for sending the call letters to the selected candidates for the online counseling in their respective districts was short, an announcement about the date and venue was flashed on Jaya TV from December 7. Meanwhile, call letters had been dispatched from Trichy to the 318 Trichy-based eligible candidates on Saturday evening. However, most candidates came to know about the counselling through the television advertisement.Another round of counselling will be held on December 10 for those who could not find vacancy in Trichy district. They would be offered jobs in other districts. \"This short period notice troubled us a lot. What if the selected candidates were out of town, they would have not been able to attend the counseling thereby missing out a good opportunity,\" said Dr TK Lawrence, a relative of a woman who had come for the counselling held at Government higher secondary school in Trichy.However, an education department official said that as the state-wide function for issuing the appointment orders to the selected candidates, through the chief minister J Jayalalithaa, had been recently re-scheduled for December 13, the counseling was conducted in a hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode/malappuram", "code": "17551410", "title": "Shashi Tharoor inaugurates academy", "text": "KOZHIKODE/MALAPPURAM: Union minister of state for human resources development Shashi Tharoor has said that through his life freedom fighter Mohammed Abdurahiman Sahib has shown the world how one can be a good nationalist and at the same time true believer of one's religion and faith.He was speaking after inaugurating the Indianness Mohammed Abdurahiman Sahib Academy at Town Hall, here on Sunday.\"Abdu Rahiman Sahib, just like Maulana Abul Kalam Azad combined a strong and unyielding faith in Islam along with an equally strong and unyielding nationalism for India,\" he said adding that both the leaders had resisted the two nation theory.Tharoor said that Indian nationalism is not based on language, religious beliefs, ethnicity or geographical boundaries. \"It is a nationalism that exemplifies our diversity and the unique concept of one land embracing many,\" he said.Delivering the presidential address, academy director M P Abdussamad Samadani said the new cultural organization would strive for nurturing patriotic sense among the youth and help them to be flag bearers of national integration. \"The academy was established in memory of Abdu Rahiman Sahib as his contributions were instrumental for promoting national unity during the struggle for independence,\" he added.Meanwhile, Tharoor also visited the AMU campus at Chelamala near Perinthalmanna. He said he will convene a high-level meeting of the officials of HRD ministry at Delhi to discuss the development of the AMU centre.He said he will take appropriate steps to get final approval for the proposal for the development works worth Rs 140 crore. The proposal is under the consideration of expenditure finance committee. Minister also said the ministry will resolve the issue of the less representation of Kerala students in the AMU centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552049", "title": "CRPF jawans 'gherao' MIDC police station", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans thronged MIDC police station on Saturday night creating a ruckus. Earlier, the CRPF jawans had learnt to have thrashed a Charlie commando attached to MIDC police station. Senior officials of MIDC police station tried to downplay the incident.The incident kicked off after a CRPF jawan dashed a citizen on Hingna Road. The angry citizens started manhandling the CRPF jawan for negligent driving. Being alerted, MIDC police's bike-borne commando reached the place. He rescued the CRPF constable from the angry protesters. The CRPF jawans, residing in the nearby quarters, rushed to the spot and started venting their ire on the police commando. The commando, broadcasting the message, summoned for help.MIDC cops rescued the commando and also brought the CRPF constable, who had dashed the citizen, to the police station. Shortly after, the CRPF jawans too rushed to the police station. It is learnt that they had also closed the gate of the police station which triggered tension. Later, the situation was brought under control. A senior official claimed that the issue is under inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550305", "title": "1,000 for new film on direct-to-home: Kamal's anti-piracy formula", "text": "CHENNAI: A few people watching his new movie 'Vishwaroopam' at 1,000 a show will not affect the business of theatre operators, actor Kamal Hassan said. Viewers can pay for a single viewing but will not be able to record the film, he said.In a three page Tamil statement, Kamal Hassan has explained why he proposed to release his multi-lingual film on direct-to-home (DTH) platforms a day ahead of its release in cinemas on January 11. Kamal, who has both acted in and produced the film, had discussed the idea with various stakeholder as a measure to contain piracy.His proposal has been criticised by theatre owners, who fear it would affect their business. Some of them have even threatened to boycott the film's release. Kamal said releasing movies over DTH is a being criticised because it is new trend in cinema industry. Allaying fears of losses, he said DTH releases will only strengthen business.\"Less than 3% of the population in Tamil Nadu have access to DTH facility. Industry experts forecast that of this less than 1.5% are likely to buy the movie. It costs ten times more than the price of a movie ticket,\" he said. On the other hand, very little has been done to stop the pirated DVDs that were raining in more losses to the industry. \"Do people stop going to Tirupati because they have the Lord's calendar at home? Or to people stop going to hotels because they have good food at home?\" he asked.But the actor's argument failed to convince theatre owners. Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners Association president Abirami Ramanathan said the theatre owners were sure that the DTH release will leave a dent in their business. \"He is opening a floodgate. If the movie was shown in clubs and associations why would people come to theatres? It could be disastrous if this trend of releasing the movie in theatres after DTH becomes a norm. We are not opposing Viswaroopam, we are opposing of its release on DTH,\" he said.On Monday, a group of producers have called for a press conference to discuss and debate the trend. It is not known if Kamal Hassan would be a part of the discussion. Kamal Hassan also insisted that allegations that the movie was disrespectful of Muslims were baseless. \"They will realize it when they watch the movie,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552222", "title": "The counsellor", "text": "Business analystI am a software engineer working in an MNC for the last two years. I wish to study further to become a business analyst - either an MS or MBA in business analytics. I am planning to do it in the US. Which universities offer courses in this area? I am going to take the GMAT this September. What GMAT score will be decent enough to get through to such programmes? And what are the intake periods for those schools? Please advise.Sumit SinhaBusiness analytics is the discipline that makes extensive use of data, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and predictive modelling, and fact-based management to drive decision making. Business analytics is being used to do everything from solving complex business problems to increasing the efficiencies in hospitals and medical centres to simulating sporting contests. As per statistics released by the US Bureau of Labour Statistics, there will be a 24% increase in demand for professionals with business analytics skills over the next eight years, i.e. by 2020. An MS in business analytics is a relatively new course in offering, with several universities having launched their courses in the last one to two years in response to demand from the industry and students (e.g NYU Stern, Northwestern, University of Michigan - Dearborn College of Business ).Other prominent universities offering this course are Texas A&M;, University of Texas at Austin - McCombs Business School.MS in business analytics programmes vary in length - from 10 months to 15 months. Universities admit students from a wide variety of educational backgrounds - engineering, science , business, IT/computers or mathematical or statistics background, though students are required to have a strong mathematical/quantitative aptitude. While not all programmes require a GRE/ GMAT score, if you have taken them and have a decent score (GMAT - above 600; GRE - above 150) then do submit it to aid your application. International students, in addition , need to take the TOEFL/IELTS.Unlike the MBA programme, there is no strict requirement for work experience for admission to an MS in business analytics.For admission to the Fall term in 2013, the application process opened in September 2012, with the first round of application deadlines in October-November 2012.Degree recognitionI am a final year student of BTech (electrical &amp; electronics). Would I be able to apply for jobs where the eligibility requirement is mentioned as BTech (electrical)?Sukhveer SinghIn a recent judgment concerning the appointment of a group of women candidates with the same qualification as yours, the Delhi High Court has held that the two degrees are equal (overruling the AICTE opinion to the contrary). Similarly, a BTech (IT) is also considered equivalent to BTech in computer science and a BTech in information and control to a degree in electronics and instrumentation as far as applying for jobs is concerned.Second chanceWhile filling in my online application for the Common Engineering Entrance Test, I inadvertently made a mistake, which I realised only after submitting my form. Should I fill in another form? Will it be accepted? Do I have to make a fresh payment? I am worried.Sameera BhatnagarDon't worry, according to the CBSE, several aspirants for the JEE Main-2013 have committed mistakes while filling in their online registration forms.The Board will display particulars of these candidates on the JEE-Main website (www.jeemain.nic.in) in the second week of January so that these candidates can rectify their incorrect particulars, except change of examination cities and change of mode of examination - from computer-based (online) to pen-paper (offline).In the meanwhile, hone your preparation for the boards and the JEE Mains in April so you feature among the top 1.5 lakh scorers who will qualify to take the JEE Advanced Test (June 2, 2013), which will be designed by the IITs.Do make it a point to periodically visit the website for further updates.-- Pervin Malhotra Director, CARING Career Information &amp; Guidance, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "17551438", "title": "Constable, wife, son die in road mishap in Bharatpur", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: Three members of a family were killed when the bike they were riding on was hit by a car on NH-11 in Chiksana area of Bharatpur on Sunday. One of the deceased was a constable deputed at Atalband police station in Bharatpur.According to the police, the deceased, identified as constable Prakashveer (44), his wife Pinki (40) and 18-year-old son Yogesh were going to their ancestral village Katara situated in Agra's Malpura police station area.The mishap occurred around noon near the Ghana Jatoli turn. \"The trio was on a Pulsar bike. They were taking a turn towards Agra when a car approaching from opposite direction hit the bike. The collision was so severe that they were thrown almost 15 metres away from the bike. They sustained serious head injuries,\" said a police officer.Some other commuters informed the police following which they were rushed to PBM Hospital in Bharatpur. However, doctors declared them brought dead.SP Bharatpur Anshuman Bhomia reached the hospital and consoled the constable's family members.In yet another mishap, at least 50 passengers were injured when two buses collided on NH-113, about 10 kms from Banswara town on Saturday night. Condition of about two dozen injured people is stated to be serious.The mishap happened when two private buses collided head-on on the Borwat flyover. \"One of the buses was left hanging from the flyover after the mishap. The road was blocked for some time, but the buses were towed away soon,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553590", "title": "There's no role for my daughter in 24: Anil Kapoor", "text": "Anil Kapoor will finally start shooting '24' in 2013. Says Anil, \"I've set aside all my other works for '24'. But it's not a big sacrifice. I am giving it a year. That's the time an average feature film takes. I've already planned my films after the first season of '24'. But for now I'm fully into it.I had to be all there with the team, more for myself than for the team. Television is a new ball-game for me. The first season needs more careful nurturing. After the first season the series would be on auto-pilot.We don't know how many seasons we'll do. Right now we're focusing only on the first season.\"Anil wants to bring in the same level of efficiency into the Indian version of 24 as the original. \"But is that possible? I wonder!\" says Anil. \"I had the privilege of observing the original team at work for 8 months in LA. So I know what level of professionalism I need to exercise on 24. Working on the original 24 was great learning curve for me.I absorbed as much as I could. Now I want to replicate whatever I saw them trying to achieve. The television industry in our country is still in its infancy. In America there are top actors who do television. Look at Keifer Sutherland or Ashton Kutcher . In India television stars don't get the same recognition and money as movie stars. Hopefully after my show the gap between Indian television and Bollywood would be bridged.\"24 has been lapped up by Colors. Says Anil, \"We've shaken hands and we're verbally committed to working together. But the paper work still has to be done. But then contracts have never been important for me. We were in talks for some time. And even before we finalized any channel ,work was on full-throttle.We never stopped work to consider which channel would beam 24. Our team has been at work for quite some time.\"The casting of the other roles has been left to the 24 team. \"I know I am playing the protagonist. The rest of the cast, I've no idea about. And please, there's no role for my daughter Sonam in 24 . At the media meet I was asked if I'd cast her in the show. The next thing I know there's talk of her being in 24 . Blessedly I've a fine team. Everyone knows his or her job, Rensil d'Silva who heads the team of writers had his own film Unglee to write. But he never let that come in the way of his work on 24.\"Wasn't Anil supposed to do a pivotal role in Unglee ? He chuckes, \"Rehne do. It's in bad taste to talk about the films that an actor doesn't do.\" Try telling that to all those who are claiming to have been offered Talaash .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549674", "title": "War against corruption: File complaints through Ignou", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon one will be able to file complaints against corruption through Ignou regional centres. The Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou), human resource development ministry and Central Vigilance Commission announced their joint initiative to take the anti-corruption project Vigilance Eye (VigEye) to the remote corners of India through the university's regional centres on Sunday.VigEye is a CVC project, where one can register complaints against corruption through mobile phones and internet. While observing the international anti-corruption day, Gopinath Pradhan, vice-chancellor Ignou, announced a first of its kind curriculum on moral ethics and vigilance.According to central vigilance commissioner, R Sri Kumar, volunteers at village level shall be nominated to create awareness among the rural people about the project.Kumar, while participating at a session to discuss the preventive, punitive and participative vigilance, said, \"People can lodge their complaint with the help of photographs, audios and videos\".\"The project shall soon be upgraded to 'VigEye Shree', 'VigEye Vibhushan' and 'VigEye Ratna' to encourage people to fight against corruption. There has to be a change in the strategy. It is a long process today; by the time we take action the time elapses. Now, through VigEye, we shall reach out to the common people and tell them, what should be done and what should be avoided,\" he added.Retired additional secretary, CVC, Jaya Balachandran said, \"We have been discussing how educational institutions play a proactive role in reducing corruption. Corruption is a distortion on public property in the realm of vital sectors of the society. With massive investments in such projects we need to plug corruption. If it is plugged, then a jump of 1.2% in our GDP is possible.\"Amit Khare, joint secretary and CVO, MHRD, spoke on how participative vigilance can be a part of their curriculum. \"There should be an online mechanism to contain corruption. We should have legislative measures like a bill to prohibit technical malpractices in the Parliament along with a transparent educational system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550100", "title": "Biker injured in hit-and-run", "text": "MUMBAI: A 38-year-old biker was injured after his motor cycle collided with a car on the road near Marine Plaza Hotel leading to Churchgate railway station. Police said that the accused, who was in the car, fled the scene. Passersby informed cops about the accident. The victim has been identified as Dilip Manjrekar, of Tulsiwadi near Tardeo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552127", "title": "Angry relatives of dead dalit priest refuse to accept body", "text": "MADURAI: Relatives of the dalit temple priest who committed suicide staged a protest refusing to accept his body after post-mortem.The villagers demanded that all those behind his suicide should be arrested. The protests began in the morning and prolonged till night despite talks by senior police officials. The police officials attempted to pacify them saying cases have been registered against all the persons accused in the priest's suicide note.S Nagamuthu, 23, a priest with the Kailasanathar temple at T Kallupatti village, committed suicide on Friday after he was allegedly prevented from performing poojas in the temple and was harassed by non-dalit members of the temple committee.Nagamuthu claimed he was performing the poojas in the temple for several years, but was asked by the temple committee members recently not to enter the temple. Nagamuthu opposed the diktat but was allegedly beaten up by the committee members. His police complaint about the assault and plea for further protection was ignored. Nagamuthu subsequently filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, which directed the police to do a proper investigation. The Thenkarai police registered an FIR on August 2 based on his complaint, but no action was taken even after that.Nagamuthu's father K Subburaj said that after the complaint was registered, pressure mounted on him to withdraw the case. The harassment only increased day by day forcing him to commit suicide, he claimed.After his death, the body was taken to the government hospital in Theni where a post-mortem was performed. But the angry relatives of Nagamuthu who had gathered at the hospital on Sunday refused to receive his body. They also staged a protest demanding the arrest of the persons accused by Nagamuthu to be behind his suicide. Theni SP Praveen Kumar Abhinapu and other officials held talks with the protesters and said cases have been registered against all the people named in the suicide note. But the villagers insisted that they be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551735", "title": "A tattoo can tell how tired you are", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have invented a smart tattoo with concealed medical sensors that can measure how tired a person is and could be used by sports coaches and medical researchers.Researchers at University of Toronto Scarborough invented the sensor, which comes in a thin flexible transfer adorned with a cheerful smiley-face design.The new tattoo-based solid-contact ion-selective electrode is made using standard screen printing techniques and commercially available transfer tattoo paper. That's the same kind of paper that bears pictures of Spiderman or Disney princesses.In the case of the smiley face sensor, the 'eyes' are the working and reference electrodes , and the 'ears' are contacts to which a measurement device can connect. These sensors can detect changes in the skin's pH levels in response to metabolic stress from exertion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551400", "title": "MLAs told not to support Bill", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi district working committee has demanded the MLAs to clear their stance on the Kerala Buildings (lease, standard rent and other facilities) Bill, 2012. The state government has already decided to present the bill in the assembly. They also asked the MLAs not to support a bill that will dampen the prospects of merchants. President T Nazirudheen presided over the meeting and general secretary Ashraf Moothedath presented report, at the meeting held at Vyaparabhavan here, on Friday. The meeting decided not to cooperate with the MLAs who support the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17552027", "title": "Minderjeet, new bar council chief of Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Advocate Minderjeet Yadav of the Punjab and Haryana high court was elected chairman of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana on Sunday. Advocate Inderpal Singh Dhanna was elected as vice-chairman.Three nominations were filed for chairman's post by Amrik Singh Kalra, Rakesh Gupta and Yadav.However, Rakesh Gupta withdrew his name in favour of Minderjeet Yadav leaving the contest open for only two candidates. While Yadav secured 14 votes, Kalra got 12 and one vote was held invalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552162", "title": "Sugar cos await directive on ethanol blending", "text": "PUNE: The Union government's decision to blend ethanol with petrol from December 1 remains on the paper. State sugar factories say they are waiting for a communication from the government.Cooperation minister for state Harshvardhan Patil had earlier hinted at the possibility of a delay in the implementation of the programme because the ethanol purchase price has not been decided yet.The Union government has been aggressively promoting the blending programme since it would help cut expenses on import of oil and dependency on international crude prices.Earlier, ethanol purchase price was fixed at Rs 27 a litre which was later revised for sugar factories in the state to Rs 36 per litre. The oil companies were not ready to pay the same.Vijaysinh Mohite Patil, chairman of Maharashtra state federation of cooperative sugar factories Ltd, said, \"The installed capacity for ethanol production in the state is 80 crore litres while ethanol requirement of the state is 14 crore litres as per the 5% ethanol blending programme. But state-based distilleries can supply ethanol to Goa, Chhattisgarh and some parts of Gujarat. It will help supplement the income of state sugar factories which are currently passing through a phase of financial crisis.\"Apart from its use as a biofuel, ethanol is widely used in alcoholic beverages, fertilizers and other chemicals. Between October 2011 and September 2012, oil companies had contracted 44 crore litres of ethanol as against the total requirement of 105 crore litres needed for blending.Once oil companies assure to purchase ethanol, the sugar factories in the state will be able to add to their income. Many factories seek loan every year to make payments to labourers and farmers. With ethanol blending, these factories will earn more and will remain less dependent on loans, Mohite Patil felt.The Centre's ethanol blending programme is at present inconsistent and on a very low-scale. It has also allowed import of ethanol to overcome shortfall faced by both oil companies and the chemical industry. The existing users of ethanol are chemical and paint companies.\"There is a huge demand for molasses in the domestic as well as international market and sugar factories are willing to sell it at higher price. On the other hand, the factories are also receiving demands from other sectors for alcohol. In such a situation, the factories cannot wait and lose their customers. Eventually, there may not be sufficient molasses to meet the 5% requirement of ethanol at the national level,\" said a sugar factory manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550080", "title": "Postman passed over, to get relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has been directed by a Delhi court to compensate a man who was illegally superseded by his immediate junior, in appointment as postman in 1982.Senior civil judge Ajay Pandey directed the ministry of communication (department of post) and director general (posts) to compensate postal assistant Balwan Singh, posted in Gurgaon. Singh had moved court alleging infringement of his fundamental right to equality and livelihood from June 8, 1982 to October 11, 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550262", "title": "Meet the man who owns 200 cars, 80 motorcycles", "text": "GURGAON: He has a staggering collection of 200 vintage cars and 80 motorcycles, which he has acquired over decades. Still, Madan Mohan's love affair for these vintage machines and other antique items is far from over.,A serious vintage car and antique collector, Madan Mohan told TOI on the sidelines of the vintage car rally held in Gurgaon on Sunday: \"It's very difficult to explain what attracts me to these cars. Apart from being my hobby, the happy memories attached to owning them in that day and age keeps my passion alive.\",Mohan said he has grown with these vehicles. \"Now, when I showcase the cars and youngsters appreciate it and click photographs, the feeling is amazing,\" he said. \"Car collection and restoration is something which is not possible without passion.\",With 24 of his own vintage cars participating in the rally on Sunday, it's inspiring to see how Mohan is equally passionate about the cars of other participants, and could not stop gushing about them.,But, being a collector of vintage cars is not an easy task. \"It's a dream of every car enthusiast to find a long-lost car. But, this doesn't happen very often. You need a lot of legwork and need to meet a lot of people to find one such car,\" Mohan said.,Then, there are the issues of maintenance. \"Maintaining vintage cars is not an easy task. They need a lot of care; even when they are not participating in rallies. They have to be checked every week for any discrepancy in the machinery and the outer body,\" he added.\"Most of these old cars have a lot of wood work, as pressed frames were not available in those days. Therefore, we have experts who dismantle the car's body, restore the wooden frame, and create the iron structure all over again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552271", "title": "Let's listen to what the book says", "text": "PUNE: In this tech-savvy world, change is the only constant. The literary world is no exception to this phenomenon as an increasing number of books are being compressed into the audio format.While some may argue that the concept of audiobooks is not really new, the platform is expanding now. Besides the known children's audiobooks, titles for adults - from fiction to academic - are coming out in an audio format. And the response, say booksellers, is positive.Giridhar Aggarwal, manager of a prominent city-based bookstore, says, \"There has been a definite rise in the sale of audiobooks over the last one year. People find it handy and it is ideal while multi-tasking.\"\"It is especially convenient when one is travelling or even working out. There are regular buyers of the format at my store.\"Ameya Shridhar, who runs a bookstore in Aundh, says, \"There are at least five-six requests for audiobooks each week. It is the next big Athing. At present I do not have a lot of stock. But seeing the demand, I'm planning to add more.\"Audiobooks have a unique edge over other formats in that they are able to reach out to those who cannot read or are visually challenged. They are also ideal for the elderly who have poor vision. Not to mention, children who are beginning to learn the alphabets. The fact that audiobooks help the environment by protecting the fast-depleting green cover, has helped draw many to this format of reading.Another attractive feature of audiobooks is the element of narration, music and drama. This puts it a notch above your run-of-the-mill print format or even an e-book. Though the same factors also act as a disadvantage when it comes to pricing the product. Taking into consideration the music and artistes used for narration, the books come at a steeper price than their print counterparts.Says Aroon Purohit, senior executive at an audiobook company, \"The cost factor is a major hindrance in our sector. Audiobooks are taxable. Moreover, voice-over artistes charge per hour or page (A4 size). Payment per page is around Rs 700-800 and the per hour rate is higher. We have to pay for music too.\"\"By the time editing and the final production is complete, the cost escalates. It gets really difficult to market the product cheap.\"Anitha P Srinivas, a resident of Magarpatta, has recently made a switch to audiobooks. \"I love to read, but due to my busy schedule, it is near impossible to sit down and complete a book. Audiobooks are the perfect answer for me. It definitely takes getting used to as there is nothing visual about it, it's all about hearing. But, I guess once you get used to the format, it seems a boon.\"\"Unfortunately, there are still very few options available. Only some are available in stores and there are some you can buy online,\" says Srinivas. Purohit seconds Srinivas' opinion. \"We are planning on adding to our titles and are hoping that with growth in technology, the sales will multiply,\" he said.Another important thing that audiobooks should focus on is getting the perfect narrator, feels Srinivas. \"Often if the narrator is boring or if the voice modulation and pitch is not right, one tends to lose interest.\"Prabha S Godbole, who works with an NGO that takes care of the visually challenged, says, \"Just because someone is visually challenged doesn't mean that s/he has to be deprived. It is unfortunate but we still do not have books, other than academic ones, in Braille for them.\"\"In such a scenario, audiobooks are a Godsend. But the availability has to be increased as also the prices should come down, so that they can reach the masses.\" It is also a wonderful method of teaching, feels Godbole, who also works illiterate adults.\"Since I work with an NGO, I know the problems one faces when teaching illiterate adults. I believe our rural sector as well as the urban poor can reap a lot of benefits from audiobooks if utilised with care,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bikaner/jaipur", "code": "17551372", "title": "Groom commits suicide a day after marriage", "text": "BIKANER/JAIPUR: In an unexpected turn of events, joy turned into gloom at Nathusar village in Bikaner district when a bridegroom committed suicide a day after his marriage.The family members were shocked and the police were surprised when the incident came to light as everybody remembered the bridegroom dancing in joy at his wedding ceremony.The body of Pankaj Soni (26), who got married on Friday, was found on the railway tracks near the village on Sunday morning. He had entered into wedlock with Sonu alias Babita daughter of Subhash Chandra Soni of Ratangarh.\"On Friday Pankaj's family had gone to Rantangarh village of Churu district where his marriage was solemnized. On Saturday evening, just some minutes before the reception function was to start, Pankaj told his mother that he was going out to buy some gifts for his wife. When he did not return till very late in the night, an alarm was raised by the family members and informed the local police station,\" said Balraj Singh Maan, SHO of Gajner police station on Sunday.Initially, a missing report was lodged at the Napasar police station and a massive search operation was launched to find Soni.\"Early on Sunday, some passers' by near Kolayat spotted a blood stained body near the railway tracks. Soon after, our team rushed to the spot and the victim was identified as Pankaj Soni who went missing since Saturday evening,\" Maan said.Police have termed Soni's death as suicide, but family members are hinting at a \"planned\" murder.Police said the investigation so far revealed that it was a clear case of suicide as the deceased parked his motorcycle at a distance from the railway track. \"His boot marks were spotted from the motorbike to the railway tracks which suggested that he walked towards the tracks himself. The train driver told us that the body was dragged up to one km which usually happens only when a person intending for suicide lay down on the track,\" Maan added.Soni has left not any suicide note but on the sand near the tracks he has written 'Maut Ka Jimmedaar' (Responsible for death) and wrote his cell number under it, police added.The families of the bride and Soni are shocked by the incident. Family member Janakraj said Soni was the youngest of the three sons of Babulal Soni and was a very sincere and well-mannered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551612", "title": "Awana, Jadeja, Chawla picked for Nagpur Test", "text": "KOLKATA: India's back-to-back Test defeats in Mumbai and Kolkata at the hands of England appeared to have had no effect on the five-member national selection panel which made only three changes to the 15-member squad for the fourth and final Test that begins in Nagpur on Thursday.There was no change in India's floundering top-order with the top five batsmen retaining their places on reputation, but Yuvraj Singh, who has hardly looked the part in Test matches, made way for Saurashtra all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja.The axe also fell on the senior most pacer in the country, Zaheer Khan, who has looked out of sorts right through the series. Delhi's Parvinder Awana, who shot into limelight in IPL 5 for the Kings XI Punjab and plays for Delhi in the Ranji Trophy, has been included in Zaheer's place. Awana's 5-wicket haul against Karnataka in the ongoing Ranji Trophy match must have also impressed the selectors. The other player to lose out was 99-Test veteran off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, whose place has been usurped by UP leg-spinner Piyush Chawla.BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale refused to comment on the selections, but conceded that the Indian team's poor performance was a matter concern.\"I don't want to comment on selection issues. I can say is that no one is happy when the team loses. At the same time, cricket is a sport and you will win some and lose some (games). But we are looking into it,\" said Jagdale said after the selection committee's 90-minute parley.Yuvraj, who made a comeback to the Test team after successfully fighting cancer and scoring a double century in a Duleep Trophy match, has managed only 125 runs in five innings in this series. The selectors found it hard to leave out Jadeja following his roaring form in domestic cricket. Jadeja, who has struck two triple centuries (against Gujarat and Railways) in Ranji Trophy this season, also bolstered his case with a fine all-round show against Bengal on Sunday.Zaheer's absence may pave the way for Bengal pacer Ashok Dinda to make his Test debut in Nagpur. Harbhajan, however, will have to fight his way back into the Indian team on the strength of his performances in domestic cricket to play his 100th Test.Sehwag out of T20sAwana and Jadeja also made it to India's T20 side which will play take on England in Pune (December 20) and Mumbai (December 22). The selectors left out Virender Sehwag and Zaheer from this squad. UP all-rounder Bhuvaneshwar Kumar is the only other exciting prospect to have been included.SQUADSFor Nagpur Test: MS Dhoni (Capt. &amp; wk), Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, Ravindra Jadeja, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Piyush Chawla, Ishant Sharma, Murli Vijay, Parvinder Awana.For T20 Internationals: MS Dhoni (Capt. &wk;), Gautam Gambhir, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh, Manoj Tiwary, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Piyush Chawla, Ashok Dinda, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Laxmipathy Balaji, Parvinder Awana.DOMESTIC SHOW GETS THEM THE BIG TICKETRavindra Jadeja (Saurashtra)Became a prime candidate to make his Test debut when he smashed two triple hundreds this season. Jadeja became the first Indian batsman and only the eighth in first-class history to hit three triple-centuries, smashing a career-best 331 against Railways in Rajkot, after scoring 303 against Gujarat. In the ongoing Ranji game against Bengal at Rajkot, Jadeja has scored 70 &amp; 67 not out so far, and taken 4-48 in the first innings. Chennai Super Kings paid a whopping $2 million to buy this left-hander in the IPL. Has played 58 ODIs before he was discarded. Was often termed as the captain's favourite.This Ranji Season: M: 5, Runs: 793, Highest: 331, Avg: 132.16, 100: 2, 50: 2Parvinder Awana (Delhi)This 26-year-old fast bowler has picked up 131 first-class wickets in 40 games for Delhi since 2007, but Awana largely grabbed everyone's attention with a few quick spells for the Kings XI Punjab in the IPL. He has decent pace, and can be handful on a helpful track. He has taken 21 wickets so far this season - including two five-wicket hauls. On Saturday, he took 5-81 against Karnataka at Bangalore.This Ranji Season: M: 5, Wkts: 21, Best Bowling: 5-71 , Avg: 24.00Piyush Chawla (UP)Started off as a promising prospect at the junior level, but couldn't make a successful transition to the higher grade. Last played for India in the World T20 in September, and last played a Test more than four years ago against South Africa at Kanpur. Has an excellent wrong one, but faded away in recent years. His batting offers a useful option.Chawla's Test record Tests: 2, Wkts: 3, Best: 2-66 , Avg: 45.66 This Ranji Season: M: 4, Wkts: 9 Best Bowling: 3-78 , Avg: 48.33, Runs: 303, HS: 156, Avg: 75.75.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17554048", "title": "Missing student found dead", "text": "ROURKELA: The body of an 11-year-old boy, who had been missing from school since Monday last, was recovered from Koel river bed here on Sunday. Locals spotted some dogs dragging a portion of the body on the river bed and informed the police.The deceased was identified as Abhijit Pradhan, a student of Class VI of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, sector 6. Abhijit did not return home after school on Monday. His family members looked for him and found his bicycle near the basket ball ground in the same sector. His father, Pratap Pradhan, finally lodged a missing report in sector 7 police station on Monday night.\"The body was found half buried in the river bed and after inquest has been sent for post-mortem,\" said additional SP (Rourkela) Sudersan Sethi. Police suspect it to be a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550789", "title": "Kidnapped Hyderabad girl rescued, driver held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police arrested the driver who had kidnapped a class X girl student in Miyapur last week and rescued her from Tirupati.The 15-year-old victim is a student of Lotus National School in Miyapur. On Wednesday, she was forcibly disembarked from her school bus by the driver in a suspicious manner. The initial probe by police revealed that the girl was kidnapped by a former driver of the school, Manju Prasad, who was sacked by the school management after her parents lodged a complaint against him for misbehaving with their daughter.Special teams were dispatched to several places in the state to track Prasad. Finally, on Saturday, one of the teams zeroed in on the kidnapper and the girl in Tirupati and brought them to the city.The girl was handed over to her parents. The kidnapper was arrested under section 366 (Kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her for marriage) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and he was produced before a magistrate on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17550812", "title": "Looking forward to bowl in Nagpur Test: Piyush Chawla", "text": "NAGPUR: Piyush Chawla may have been disappointed for missing the hundred in Ranji Trophy match against Vidarbha on Sunday but he was overjoyed when he heard the news about his selection in the Indian team for the fourth and final Test against England.Chawla, who was batting at the crease when the announcement was made in Kolkata en route to his strokeful 85, looked visibly cheerful after the day's play because he has made his comeback into the Test arena after a long gap of four years.\"I am delighted with the news. Although I am regular member of the Indian ODI and Twenty20 sides, somehow I could not get chance to bowl in Test cricket. I am really happy that selectors acknowledged my efforts in the domestic circuit. I am looking forward to bowl in the Nagpur Test,\" said Chawla, who will turn 24 on December 24.The diminutive leg-spinner said he is an improved bowler since he last played a Test for India against South Africa at Kanpur in April, 2008.\"I waited patiently for a spot in the Indian team. I learnt a lot in the last four years. I made lot of changes in my bowling by playing in the domestic matches. As a leggie, I always look to attack the batsmen and take wickets. I hope to do it in Test matches too,\" said Chawla, who has played just two Tests.Chawla admitted that he was hopeful of comeback as he was performing well in the last couple of seasons. \"I am contributing regularly with both ball and bat. Given a chance, will definitely want to bowl against England at Jamtha next week and help India level the series,\" added Chawla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552143", "title": "Call for thrust on micro insurance", "text": "MADURAI: India is the world leader in micro insurance and regulating it from its budding stages and revamping its regulations are a must, feels a World Bank expert.At a function here recently, Moseleddin Ahmed, World Bank Consultant on Micro Health Insurance and Regulations, said people need to be sensitized to the facility in order to alleviate poverty. The occasion was a workshop on International Advanced Reflective Education on Training on Micro Insurance organised by Dhan Foundation along with German Development Cooperation (GIZ) in the city. The three-day course is being attended by officials from various insurance companies, both public sector and private, NGOs, community organisations, farmers' federations and women self help groups. Experts from the Netherlands like Ryan Florijn, senior executive, Achmea Health Insurance, Karlijn Morsink from the University of Twente were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549920", "title": "AAI elections approved by FITA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Smarting under the derecognition blow from the government, the Archery Association of India (AAI) on Monday got a much-needed boost when the World Archery Federation (FITA) approved its recently-held elections and recognized the new body.AAI also asked the government to revoke its decision.In a letter, released by the AAI on Sunday, FITA secretary general Tom Dielen said that the world body has already conveyed its decision to the International Olympic Committee (IOC). The sports ministry had derecognised the AAI for not following its 'Sports Code' during the elections.\"Further to a phone call from your secretary general (Anil Kamineni) in which he informed me that the government is not accepting the outcome of the general assembly claiming that it is not in compliance with Indian law, World Archery clearly states once more that the outcome of the general assembly is recognised by World Archery,\" Dielen wrote in the letter to AAI, a copy of which was also marked to IOC.\"The constitution of the AAI is the only document that has relevance for the conduct of the general assembly and this document was respected. We have also informed the IOC of this matter,\" he further wrote in the letter.AAI president Vijay Malhotra said the FITA letter ended the uncertainty which \"the sports ministry tried to create by arbitrarily and illegally\" derecognizing the AAI.\"The World Archery Federation decision has vindicated our principled stand and I hope government will also revoke its undemocratic decision,\" Malhotra said.He added that with this decision there should be no confusion or ambiguity and Indian archers would continue to participate in international events under the Tricolour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552025", "title": "Aishwarya appeals people to vote", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17550937", "title": "Govt to push for hazardous waste treatment plant in Dharbandora", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has started pushing forward a proposal for setting up of a hazardous waste treatment plant (HWTP) in Dharbandora although it has been facing opposition from the locals.The project though was granted environmental clearance in 2008 but it languished due to opposition from locals.The Union ministry of envionment and forest (MOEF) had also given grants of Rs 2 crore for the project and the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) had given clearance. The government has decided to push forward this project which has become imminent in view of lack of adequate space for storage of hazardous waste generated in various industrial estates of the state.The managing director of Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC), F O Hashmi, said the chief minister had a meeting with members of the industrial waste management association (IWMA) and various issues which have been a stumbling block in the development of the project were discussed.\"There is a high tension line (HTL) passing adjacent to the project site which has been a cause of concern but electricity department has submitted that there is sufficient space to maintain a setback,\" said Hashmi.The IWMA, a body representing industries, has been given the responsibility to develop the plant in coordination with Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC).The IWMA is required to develop the project in co-ordination with GIDC but was unable to proceed in the face of opposition from the locals who had been demanding that it be shifted elsewhere.Joseph D'Souza, president of IWMA, said they are ready to work on the project but were held back. \"There have been three-four violent attacks on us when we attempted to conduct inspection of the land. Local resistance has been the main cause of delay. We neither have authority nor muscle power,\" said D'Souza, further adding that the chief minister has assured them that he would solve their problem.\"The chief minister has given us a personal assurance he will address the problem,\" he added. There are 118 industries that generate industrial hazardous waste in the range of 3,500-4,000 metric tonnes per year. But, a major chunk of hazardous waste comes from Nicomet industries, which is currently deposited at a captive landfill site in Cuncolim.A real problem would arise if the HWTP does not materialize and the Cuncolim landfill site exhausts its capacity.\"We will have to close down Nicomet industries if there is no landfill site or a HWTP,\" said a GSPCB official on condition of anonymity.Of the total 2,20,000 sq m of area that has been earmarked for the project, the revenue department has cleared land admeasuring 1,10,000 sq m.The HWMA will start with preparing a detailed project report (DPR) after it signs an agreement with the government and formally take possession of the land. \"The agreement is being drafted by GIDC,\" said D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552286", "title": "Girl, 4, found murdered; rape suspected", "text": "PUNE: A four-year-old girl, who had gone missing from her home on Saturday, was found murdered and her body dumped near the railway tracks at Kasarwadi on Sunday morning.Senior police inspector of the GRP Mahendra Rokade said that preliminary investigations have revealed that the victim, Anita Sayyad Bhandari, was raped before being murdered.\"The girl's body was found around 7 am. The post mortem was conducted at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, which has kept the viscera for further investigation,\" Rokade told TOI.The girl's father had lodged a missing person's complaint with the Bhosari police station on Saturday afternoon.The Bhosari police said that Anita was playing near her house around 3 pm when she went missing. Her parents searched for her in the area before lodging the complaint. \"A police team went to the spot where the girl's body was lying and confirmed her identity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17550313", "title": "MP: Legalize opium farming in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: A BJP member of Parliament from Himachal Pradesh, Virender Kashyap , has demanded legalization of opium cultivation in the state, which has witnessed a sharp increase in illegal poppy production in recent years. Kashyap said he will approach the Central government, requesting that opium cultivation be allowed in Himachal as it is in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.Legalizing opium cultivation will stop its illegal production and also to help farmers in poverty-stricken districts of the state.\"Opium has proven medicinal uses. So, why import it when we can grow it locally? I am going to raise this issue in parliament and also submit my request to the concerned ministries,\" said Kashyap, who has consistently raised this demand.Illegal opium cultivation has increased several-folds in the state in the last two decades. According to narcotics control bureau (NCB) estimates, Himachal illegally produces 40,000 kg of opium annually, worth Rs 240 crore in the market. \"Like other states, Himachal too should be allowed to cultivate opium as this would help uplift the economy of rural people,\" Kashyap said, adding, \"Before independence, poppy cultivation was common in Sirmaur, Shimla, Mandi and Kullu, but later banned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551434", "title": "Bar exam : Shortage of question papers leads to chaos, exam cancelled", "text": "JAIPUR: The All India Bar enrollment examination which was held at one of the centres in Jaipur on Sunday witnessed unruly scenes as the council failed to send sufficient number of question papers resulting in cancellation of exam at the centre.Around 1,600 fresh law graduates reached Jyoti Rao Phoole College, which was one of the exam centres, whereas the centre had received only 700 question papers. Many candidates had not even received their admission card.Shortage of question papers and admission cards created chaos at the centre. The aspiring lawyers gathered and started shouting slogans against the Bar Council of India (BCI).The scene soon became unmanageable forcing the centre head to summon police force. Advocate Sanjay Sharma, chairman, Bar Council of Rajasthan, also reached the centre and spoke to the BCI chairman.It was only after the intervention of advocate Sharma that the exam was declared cancelled by BCI.\"We have constituted an inquiry committee of three members of Bar Council of Rajasthan headed by senior advocate Jagmal Singh from Jodhpur to submit a report so that the issue may be taken up with BCI. In the meanwhile, Bar Council of Rajasthan has decided to allow all these 1,600 law graduates to practice in courts till their next exam is conducted in the near future by BCI,\" said Sanjay Sharma.\"We will not tolerate such discrepancies in future and will reject the examination if such a thing happens again,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17553990", "title": "UAE Cabinet approves extradition agreement with India", "text": "DUBAI: The UAE Cabinet has approved an extradition agreement that the Gulf nation had signed with India for facilitating the transfer of Indian convicts to spend the remaining jail term in their home country.The agreement, which was signed by the two countries in November last year, is expected to help around 1,200 Indian prisoners who have been languishing in UAE prisons.The Cabinet approved the extradition agreement on Sunday. As per the agreement, Indian prisoners in the UAE jails, those who have been sentenced, will have a choice to spend the remaining prison term in India.A similar agreement signed between the UAE and Pakistan was also ratified and the arrangement of transport procedures was discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553479", "title": "Candidates crowd Railway Recruitment Board exam centres", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railway Recruitment Board of Allahabad conducted successfully their examination on Sunday in a mammoth exercise undertaken in Allahabad, Lucknow, Raipur, Bhilai, Gorakhpur and Bengaluru.Talking to TOI, chairman of the board Sanjeev Mathur informed that the exam was conducted successfully in six cities. At Allahabad, about 30,339 candidates appeared out of 60,336 candidates. In Gorakhpur , about 58 per cent candidates appeared, 8,732 out of the total 13,053 applicants.In Raipur, about 32 per cent i.e. 2,929 candidates appeared out of 9,118 applicants and at Bhilai, 38 per cent candidates, 4,131 out of 10,875 appeared. The figures for Lucknow was being computed till filing the report. Here, about 7,500 candidates filled forms for the RRB examination.There were about 65 centres in Allahabad city for which RRB exam was conducted for selection to the posts of Assistant Station Masters, Goods Guards, Traffic Apprentice and Commercial Apprentice. There are about 550 posts for which the exam was conducted.To conduct the examination properly, flying squad was formed in different cities to keep tab on genuine candidates. A control room was set up in each city in which senior railway officers were present to ensure smooth conduct of the examination.There was a heavy crowd at the Allahabad railway junction as candidates assembled to return to their respective destinations. Security personnel comprising of Government Railway Police ( GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF) had a tough time managing the crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554509", "title": "Arjun Rampal moved into his new house", "text": "Arjun Rampal moved into his new house in Bandra recently.The actor who is busy shooting is proud of his new purchase. A friend of the actor revealed that Arjun was always wise when it comes to investing and properties topped his list of priorities. A source revealed, \"Arjun's new home is very spacious and boasts of the state of the art decor and gives you a vast expanse of the sea view. It is a home Arjun and his family are proud of.\"Interestingly, it is Suzzane Roshan who has done up the interiors of his new pad. \"Mehr and Arjun and have exquisite taste and along with Suzzane have personally taken care of the interiors of their home. They have paid minute attention to every corner of their home giving it a very classy and sophisticated look. It is a dream home that Arjun longed for,\" said our source.Arjun believes in investments that will give him safe returns and it may be known that the actor had even invested in the hotel business and launched his restuarant in Delhi a few years ago. \"Arjun is happy with the way things are going for him career wise. The extra business activities is added bonus for him,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553520", "title": "HC seeks report on toilets at Kumbh site", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court has asked divisional commissioner, Allahabad to hold enquiry and submit a report within a week with respect to construction of toilets at the Kumbh Mela site. The court directed the report by the commissioner be submitted in the form of an affidavit.The order was passed by a division bench, comprising acting Chief Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice PKS Baghel on a PIL filed by Santosh Kumar Pandey of Allahabad.The PIL alleged that thousand of crores of rupees have been allotted to provide facilities to pilgrims and saints at the kumbh.It has been alleged in the PIL that senior officers of Health department have got toilets constructed at the mela site through contractors but the work is not up to the mark, using poor quality bricks.Health department has filed a short counter-affidavit to this PIL and said construction of toilets in the mela area are temporary in nature, therefore, suited to fulfill the requirement. The court will hear the PIL after the report is submitted by the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17553298", "title": "Namdhari likely to be booked under MCOCA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, who had allegedly killed Hardeep Chadha, may also be booked under Maharashtra Control Over Organised Crimes Act (MCOCA) with the help of the Uttarakhand police.Namdhari, who had allegedly worked as the front henchman of Ponty Chadha - the UP liquor baron who was also killed during the shootout outside a farmhouse in Chhatarpur, has been found involved in 15 cases of murder, attempt to murder and rioting, mostly in Uttarakhand.\"If a person has been found involved in so many violent incidents and that too of similar kinds, it's strange why he was never booked under MCOCA by the Uttarakhand police ,\" said a senior officer.Delhi Police has found that Namdhari had sent his men to grab the Chhatarpur farmhouse for Ponty, and he is known for such activities in Uttar Pradesh and other places.In another development, the crime branch has found that Namdhari owns several properties, including a 400 bigha plot and commercial properties, in Rudrapur and a transport business in Uttarakhand . Namdhari, who had started with just one truck in 1990s, now has a fleet of trucks, officials said. Cops are going to check his bank accounts to determine his wealth. Delhi Police has also identified 20 absconding men of Namdhari.After receiving the postmortem report, the crime branch is almost sure that Namdhari did not fire at Ponty. \"Ponty Chadha was sitting in the Land Cruiser when he was shot by his brother Hardeep Chadha. The doctors have opined that the wounds in Ponty's body were inflicted with all three bullets entering from lower portion of the body. Namdhari was then on the right side of Ponty and if he had shot at Ponty, the bullet would have entered upwards down,\" a source said.Officials said the ballistics report would confirm that the bullets in Ponty's body were fired from Hardeep's gun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551377", "title": "Kozhikode cops to prepare fraudsters' gallery", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district police are all set to prepare 'fraudsters' gallery', a database of habitual offenders. It will have the details of persons involved in cases related to cheating, economic offences and organized crimes.The police as well as the economic offences wing of the Crime Branch Criminal Investigation department have started preparing a list of the fraudsters including money chain racketeers who cheat the customers with false promises of multiplying their money through gold investment schemes.Several cases of cheating have been reported this year in the city. Police have decided to prepare the fraudsters' gallery after a directive issued by the state police chief in the wake of increase in the number of cases related to cheating, economic offences and organized crimes, said district police chief (Kozhikode) G Sparjan Kumar.The involvement of an accused in more than one fraud case also prompted the police to prepare the database, he added.Even cases where a person marries more than one woman for amassing wealth will also be listed under the fraudsters' gallery. Mujeeb alias Ibnu, who was arrested for marrying seven women in different parts of the state, will also find place in the fraudsters' gallery.\"We have listed around 30 persons in the gallery,\" said P C Sajeevan, ACP DCRB. Even those who are accused in the recent cases will be listed under the gallery once the officials of police station concerned submit the report, he added.Counterfeiters, customs and foreign money regulation offenders and those who are involved in bank frauds, ATM frauds, will also be listed. The preparation of the database is taking time as there are high numbers of fraudulent cases being reported from Kozhikode, said an official.Those involved in video piracy, copyright violations are also included in the list.\"We have to consider cases reported in the last 10 years and collect detailed profile of the persons before preparing the list, which delays the process. The database will contain the confession statement, photographs, address, details of close associates and relatives, modus operandi and habits,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17549508", "title": "Zaheer Khan, Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh out as selectors finally wield axe", "text": "A day after TOI suggested an overhaul of the struggling Indian Test team, the selectors responded partially, dropping three veterans - Zaheer Khan, Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh - from the squad for the fourth Test against England at Nagpur.Replacing the listless seniors are Delhi pacer Parvinder Awana, Saurashtra all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja - both earning their first Test call-ups - and leg-spinner Piyush Chawla.Jadeja, who recently became the first Indian to score three first-class triple centuries, was one of the names proposed by TOI in its alternative XI on Sunday.Sceptics have dismissed his huge scores by saying they were posted on dead tracks against mediocre attacks but given his form, there is no denying that he has earned at least an opportunity to showcase his skills. Awana too was listed by TOI as a potential candidate for selection.The Indian selectors, who have tended to base their judgment on reputation and sentiment, seem to have finally started evaluating performances. Zaheer Khan - described on Saturday by Indian bowling coach Joe Dawes as one of the world's top six bowlers but who has taken just four wickets in three Tests in this series and 15 in his last eight Tests, was dropped from the squad for the Nagpur Test.Yuvraj, after an inspiring fight against cancer and a double century in domestic cricket, could score just 125 runs in five innings in the series. His poignant comeback had millions of fans praying for his success but his continued struggles in Tests would seem to have put a question mark over his future.The decision to recall off-spinner Harbhajan for the series was more a reflection of India's bare spin cupboard than a return to form for the 'Turbanator', who is just one short of playing 100 Tests.MS Dhoni himself hasn't had a great run of late, scoring 92 in five innings. But on Sunday, the captain insisted he was prepared to dig in and fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17554137", "title": "'FDI move may sour JMM-BJP relation'", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The move by some of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) MPs in not supporting the NDA in Parliament during the voting against the bill on FDI in retail may sour the relationship between the ruling allies in the state, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has said.Criticizing the role of these parties, which are partners of the ruling alliance in Jharkhand with the BJP and which had publicly announced to vote against the bill, the former Union minister said the voting had exposed the JMM and its double standard.\"The BJP opposed the FDI bill totally keeping in mind the public interest and the people in whole country,\" he said. \"The relationship between the allied of the Arjun Munda-led government in Jharkhand - BJP and JMM - might become more bitter after this incident.\"Sinha said initially the JMM and the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik had made public announcements to vote against the FDI bill, but at the hour of need the JMM backed out and helped the UPA pass the bill on the floor of the House.The MP was addressing the BJP workers of the Hazaribag district unit at the party office here on Saturday while reviewing the preparation of \"hunkar rally\" to be organized at Ramgarh on December 21. The meeting presided over by district president Raj Kumar Lall was attended by all sitting and former MLA's and state vice-president Deepak Prakash.On Friday, the lone JMM MP in the Rajya Sabha, Sanjiv Kumar, walked out during the voting for FDI in retail .Earlier during the voting in the Lok Sabha , JMM MP Kameshwar Baitha had voted in favour of the UPA raising eyebrows here. The party has two MPs in the Lok Sabha, including party president Shibu Soren who was unwell and could not attend the winter session, and one MP in the Upper House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552173", "title": "World needs more entrepreneurs", "text": "Recession, global economic slowdown and now the Eurozone crisis have established an element of uncertainty in the air. A regular job is no longer the answer to one's career apprehensions, but the beginning. With pink slips and pay cuts becoming 21century realities, the world is in need of ideas, innovations, creative solutions and fresh perspectives that can cater to the changing market demands, emerging economies and a new world order.So what is the solution? How can one create more jobs? How can it be ensured that the jobs are socially, economically and environmentally sustainable? Entrepreneurship is the answer, feel academics, industry leaders and global thinkers across the world. As Tugrul Atamer, vicepresident, EMLYON Business School , France, points out, \"In the next half century, with the world facing challenges and discontinuities, we will, more than ever, need entrepreneurs in all domains. Only entrepreneurs can turn these challenges into opportunities and bring about change that will take us into a more sustainable and equitable era by 2050.\"The times may be uncertain, but opportunities are ample, feels Melissa Kushner, founder of 'goods for good,' who works with orphans in Malawi, Africa. In essence , 'goods for good' aims to meet the immediate needs of children and builds businesses with community centres to sustain orphan care. \"For our generation, it is a wake up call, which says that the banks may not always be at the top of the world. The challenge is to think creatively. Our generation is not only looking at different ways to get employed and earn money, but also to make the world a better, safer and stable place. The ownership is on us.\"Steven Fang, group CEO of Cordlife and deputy chairman of ACE, Singapore, agrees to say that the resurgence of entrepreneurship has been in the making for a long time. Considering the way in which the business world and the market place have evolved in the last 20/30 years, he strongly believes that the rate of change has been pushed along with the development of new technologies like internet, biotech, etc. The pace of change for these markets has been so fast that the products and services that are being designed and built by big companies are catering to yesterday's needs.\"Therefore, you would require companies that are flexible and responsive to today's market needs. That is a gap that can be filled in by future entrepreneurs. A start-up company, as we assume, will be more flexible and in tune with what the market needs are,\" he says.While entrepreneurship is the future roadmap, an entrepreneurial ecosystem is the platform for successful implementation of innovations and ideas. In fact, drawing a parallel with the bio-eco system, Lily Chan, CEO, NUS Enterprise, National University of Singapore (NUS), says that certain concepts in biological ecosystems translate well to the business world. For instance, Chan stresses that similar to ecology, a business must find its niche in order to survive. Also, she adds that creating a network of entrepreneurs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d virtually or through geographical clusters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is one of the key elements of an effective ecosystem.The world seems to be having similar kind of problems. So reiterating the need to facilitate a culture of entrepreneurship among communities, Inderjit Singh, chairman, Enterprise Committee; board member, NTU (Nanyang Technological University) and member of Parliament, Singapore, says that if we can all come together, we may be able to build an ecosystem, which is conducive to entrepreneurship.As part of a favourable ecosystem, it is also imperative to focus on entrepreneurship education. While fresh approaches need to be taken into account and an entrepreneurial mindset needs to be promoted, Sarah Green, cofounder of EMPACT, a social enterprise, is of the opinion that higher education needs to adapt to new practices such as co-learning and mentoring.While a new breed of young entrepreneurs are ready to take on the world, Kushner has a word of advice for them: \"There will be a lot of ups and downs. While the highs are the best highs one can have, the lows are the worst lows that one can be victims of. Overcome those lows, because if there were no lows there would be no highs. So don't give up. If your first idea doesn't work, try another. Seek the advice of your contemporaries, people who are a bit ahead of you as well as people who are a bit behind you. Learn from each other and support each other.\"(The speakers were participants at the recently-held World Entrepreneurship Forum 2012 in Lyon, France)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554106", "title": "'Kadal' teaser raises expectations", "text": "The teaser of Mani Ratnam's Kadal is out and is making waves across the virtual world. The film stars Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair in the lead roles. and AR rahman has composed the music for the film.The thirty second trailer shows the hero, Gautham Karthik on a catamaran in deep sea. The second song from the movie 'Elay Keecha' was released today and this song forms the musical backdrop of the teaser.The team has initally released one song, ' Nenjukulle ' from the film recently on all the radio stations. The movie also stars Arjun, Lakshmi Manchu, Pasupathy, Thambi Ramaih in prominent roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15327489", "title": "An open letter to President Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "Dear Pranab-da,Namaskar and my heartiest congratulations on being elected to the office of the President of India.I am writing to you as a proud young Indian with great hope in my heart for our beloved motherland. I have had the privilege of reading your opening address to the nation as the new 'Rashtrapati'.Your words carried with them great weight in the truth that they sought to convey. I must confess, that to me as a student of the law, your commitment as President to preserving and upholding the Constitution at the very apex of our existence as a democratic polity, was something that greatly inspired me. It is with that inspiration in my heart that I find myself writing this letter to you. You mentioned two things in your speech that struck a chord with me; firstly, the grave importance of securing justice for the poorest of our people and secondly, the urgency of investing heavily in the knowledge and skill development of our youth - and I feel that these two factors in particular will determine India's presence at the high table of the world in the coming decade.You pointed out in your address that India has indeed a long way to go in the coming decades. Interestingly, you also stated that it is 'the coming generations that would take India forward by quantum leaps'. The youth demographics of our country wholeheartedly corroborate your statement. Your words highlight the glaring importance of making large-scale investments in educational infrastructure to fuel the aspirations and dreams of our youth - investments that will ultimately yield invaluable dividends in the form of India's place in the world as a responsible superpower.The role of the Indian President as the Constitutional Head of the largest and most expansive democracy on earth, therefore, assumes monumental importance in being able to achieve this grand vision.Mr. Mukherjee, upon your assumption of office as the 13th President of India, it gives me no pleasure in pointing out to you as a student of the law that you have inherited a seat of power that is weighed down more by the collective taint of past Presidents who chose to discharge their official duties as docile rubber stamps, rather than live by the lofty ideals prescribed in our grand constitution. Most young Indians such as myself, regard you as the elder statesman of Indian politics - a man of strong political vision and an unflinching allegiance to the precepts of the Constitution of India. A man also capable of taking to task the Cabinet if it fails to adhere to the promise of discharging its Constitutional duties. It is for this reason that your commitment to 'preserve, protect and uphold' the Constitution assumes such great importance. The Constitutional ideals that you speak of i.e. 'democracy, equality of rights for every citizen, freedom of consciousness, secularism and economic equity' all demand a firm national grounding in education and unhindered mental growth. Without an enlightened youth, these constitutional ideals will be relegated to the sphere of grand rhetoric and the imaginary greatness of India.As President, millions of young Indians such as myself would like to see you spearhead a revolution in top-quality education in India. As the conscience-keeper of our Government, the onerous responsibility of directing the Cabinet to use our nation's precious resources responsibly lies with you. India currently ranks an abysmal 134 on the Human Development Index, indicating that our budget outlay on education and health-care is severely inadequate. India desperately needs thousands of more primary and middle schools, where quality standards are strictly monitored by the Human Resources Minister. Having been the fortunate recipient of a top-quality education at one of India's premier law schools and later as a Master's student at an Ivy league university in the United States , I fail to understand why the Indian Government does not commit itself in replicating and expanding our best universities across the country. It pains me to read about the wasteful expenditure we continue to incur through our budget outlay year after year, on non-essential heads - while education continues to stagnate and is at best an after-thought. The grand vision that you speak of in your address can be realized only if the high office of the Indian Presidency that you now occupy is used to convince our Government that its greatest responsibility lies in committing itself to establishing great temples of learning where the arts and sciences can flourish. You have already sounded the battle cry - 'all for knowledge, and knowledge for all'. Amen to that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551504", "title": "National Highway Authority of India extends deadline for financial closure of project", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has extended the 300-day deadline for the financial closure of a concessionaire working on the Kota-Jhalawar highway. The company was given a breather because of NHAI's failure in getting the needed permissions for the project.The NHAI has given such leniency for the first time. An official admits that the NHAI is required to facilitate a number of clearances for the project which it has been unable to get. \"We made certain promises like permission from forest and local authorities etc. But in this case, it is still pending,\" said a senior NHAI official.A company is liable to gather its funds for the project within 180 days of the date of awarding the project. If it fails, it can request for a grace period of 120 days more after paying a penalty. However, beyond that, if the firm is unable to submit its sources of funds, the project stands cancelled. It is then either rebid or awarded to the second lowest bidder.\"In the Kota-Jhalawar highway, the lenders have asked for all the clearance to be on the safer side. The approvals from several departments take at least a year. This has choked the funds and looking at this NHAI has given this relaxation,\" said the official.No specific timeframe has been fixed for achieving financial closure as of now. Apart from Rajasthan, two projects in Kerala and one in Odisha too have been extended for similar reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17553732", "title": "Extension of train demanded", "text": "KORAPUT: Jeypore Jagaran Parishad, a civil society group, has sought extension of Koraput-Sambalpur passenger train up to Jeypore.The parishad submitted a memorandum, addressed to divisional railway manager, Sambalpur division, in this regard to local railway officials on Saturday.\"There is substantial traffic flow from Koraput to western Odisha districts. Everyday around 10 buses ply from Jeypore to various destinations in western Odisha. Extension of the train up to Jeypore will be very helpful for the public,\" the memorandum said. Also, the parishad has demanded change in the timing of the train for the benefit of passengers.\"At present, the train leaves Sambalpur at 10 am and takes 15 hours to reach Koraput at around 12.45 am in the dead of the night and again leaves Koraput at 2.30 am in the late night for which the passengers are facing much problem. So a change in the timing will not only increase the income of the railways but also benefit the passengers,\" the memorandum added.Official sources said the train, which started on March 19, 2012, is running between Sambalpur and Rayagada since November 6 owing to low-traffic between Rayagada and Koraput. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550671", "title": "Retired citizens knock police door for protection", "text": "LUCKNOW: Residents of South City, including retired and serving administrative officials and former army personnel, protested against \"ineffective policing\" on Sunday noon. About 100 residents gathered opposite the police outpost in the colony and shouted slogans against the SGPGI police for their \"inaction\" in recent incidents of crime, including the daring dacoity which took place on Diwali night in G-block of the upscale residential township.The residents demanded continuous patrolling in the area and crackdown on the violent assailants in the armed robbery. On the night of November 13, about 10 armed assailants entered forcibly Samuel Dorman's house and plundered the family's valuables, cash and white goods worth about Rs 15 lakh.Several other incidents have been reported from within and around the colony over the past one month making the families staying in the colony, located off Rae Bareli road near Telibagh, feel insecure. Around 1,000 families stay in the colony which is divided in nine blocks.The PGI police under whose jurisdiction the colony lies, said they had detained and questioned close to 30 persons in the past one month for their suspected involvement in incidents in the South City colony. \"But we have no specific leads and are in the process of connecting the dots,\" claimed Janak Dwivedi, police circle officer of the area.The protesters sat in front of the police picket waiting for senior officials who arrived around 1 p.m. The group had collected at around 11 a.m. on Sunday morning and dispersed only when Sabharaj, superintendent of police (rural) met the residents of the colony and assured action at the earliest. Around 30 women participated in the protest led by J P Sharma, president of the South City residents' welfare association.\"The colony has become easy target for miscreants and frequent incidents of crime have been reported in the area. Armed assailants striking on Diwali night indicates that miscreants see South City as soft target. We want police to infuse a sense of security among the residents of the city instead of lip service,\" said Sharma who retired as chief conservator of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551415", "title": "Now, lodge civic problem online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This will come as a respite for residents who are unhappy with MC's laxity. Chandigarh municipal corporation is all set to launch its new online complaint grievance cell for the public. Residents often complain that the civic body authority doesn't heed their complaints. But the online complaint system will ensure that the grouse is redressed in a stipulated time.The MC, with the help of IT wing of UT administration, has launched a comprehensive website \u00e2\u20ac\u201d admser.chd.nic.in.mccgrievance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where people will be able to lodge their complaint. The website has been prepared in such a manner that the complaint will reach all the divisional officers and authorities concerned.Initially, the complainant will have to register his or her name, contact number and other personal details on the first page. On the next page, details of complaint will have to be filled. There would be six columns where complainant will have to mention the category, sub-category, location, locality and department which has to take up the grouse.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"We are coming up with online grievance cell in a few days. A system is being developed where complaint will directly reach engineer concerned and it will be solved by him in a specific period. There would be different time frame to solve different complaints. It will depend on the nature of grievance.\"Sources said both UT and MC took a year to prepare the new website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17554722", "title": "Government launches 'Smile' for good sports infrastructure", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A project that would drastically transform the state's sports infrastructure will be launched soon. The project titled 'SMILE' (Sports minister's infrastructural leap to excellence) will cover almost all districts.The multi-purpose synthetic court that has been completed at Vithura is the first initiative realized under the project. The project to introduce multi-purpose synthetic courts in the state was announced by government in April. The project was mooted to promote sports and mainly to do away with space constraints while holding sports events.On a multi-purpose court, as many as 10 games can be conducted without change of venue. About 50-60 students can simultaneously practise on the same ground. The officials have already identified 88 places in various districts to introduce the scheme.\"The main aim is to ensure high-quality infrastructure for sporting talents in the state. The project will mark a revolution in terms of setting up advanced ground facilities for different sports items in the districts,\" an official said.The tendering process has already been completed. In addition to the multi-purpose synthetic court at Vithura, more courts will come up at Piravom, Puthupally, Kothamangalam and Thycaud. The facilities of the courts will not be confined to school students alone. Any interested person can make use of the synthetic court. A marginal amount will be levied from them as maintenance cost. The playfield at Vithura has been set up at a cost of Rs 25 lakh.These courts can also be used to host competitions at various levels. All the courts will be fenced and separated from the rest of the premises. The schools will be responsible for installing tight security for the courts. A total of 38 similar multipurpose courts will soon come up in the state.Pits for long jump and high-jump, 100m synthetic track and kabbaddi field of international standards will also be made available in the state as part of SMILE.The project is being implemented at a cost of Rs 5 crores in the initial phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550267", "title": "'Two leaves' spurt on Beach Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Morning walkers on Beach Road were greeted by an imposing sculpture of two leaves and a golden Pegasus at the MGR memorial on Sunday.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa surprised her party colleagues and rivals alike by hurriedly unveiling the AIADMK symbol. The DMK had opposed the installation of the party symbol at public cost and a PIL is pending in the Madras high court.Before the petition was even listed in the court, Jayalalithaa went ahead and unveiled the structure. Two former chief ministers - C N Annadurai and MGR - have their memorials at the Marina.Replying to a question on how the AIADMK election symbol had been installed at the MGR memorial, DMK chief M Karunanidhi said he had read newspaper reports about the urgent manner in which the CM had acted after some people filed a petition in the high court.Earlier, renovation and beautification works were taken up at an estimated cost of 7 crore at the 8.5acre memorial complex. Apart from the 'two leaves' and a golden Pegasus, a few more beautification works have been done at the venue. \"The latest additions include a cover of Korean grass, a variety of exotic plants and a granite platform shaped like a guitar,\" a government release said. Ramps for disabled people, rust-proof stainless steel grips on the platform, an artificial fountain and additional lighting were also added as part of the renovation, it said.Jayalalithaa paid homage at the memorial on Sunday. State ministers, AIADMK MPs and MLAs, besides higher officials were also present.\"We were told to organize cadres at the MGR Samadhi around noon. But we didn't know the purpose of the gathering. We came to know about the inauguration only when party seniors came to the venue,\" said K Chezhian, an AIADMK functionary.Visitors were thrilled to see the renovated memorial and were seen taking pictures in front of the 'two leaves' and Pegasus. \"This 3.75 tonnes 'winged horse' is a four-month project. The officials asked me to finish the work in the first week of December and we handed it over on December 4. This is the first and only monument in bronze in Tamil Nadu and it has 90% copper. People have been taking pictures in front of the two leaves and horse. I am happy to see the overwhelming reception,\" R Raveendran who created the Pegasus, told TOI. According to Greek legend, Pegasus is a winged golden coloured horse and is regarded in modern times as a symbol of knowledge, glory and inspiration.Last week, the opposition DMK urged the chief secretary and chief election commissioner to stop the addition of the 'two leaves' AIADMK symbol to the MGR memorial at public cost.\"A symbol of a political party cannot be constructed at the cost of public money over a government property. A party in power cannot canvas itself by erecting a permanent structure of its own symbol and this is misuse and gross abuse of power, besides a breach of trust and wastage of public money,\" DMK legal wing secretary R S Bharathi had said in his letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551147", "title": "How green is my school!", "text": "A sprawling green island in the middle of a bustling commercial neighbourhood. That would best describe Cathedral High School, which prides itself on having one of the greenest campuses in the city.And with good reason, for they are the recipients of the Mysore Horticultural Society's V K Srinivas Shetty Rolling Cup for Best School Garden.Years-old trees, varied flower beds, landscaped lawns greet a visitor to the Richmond Road campus. And this greenery has over the years been nurtured not just by the management but the students too. The school has an active environment club that involves the children in several green activities.Tree planting is one that the young club members have fond memories of. Every year they plant trees in the campus, and keep tabs on their growth. Says Shivam S of class IX, \"I planted a sapling three years back. Now it's taller than me. Every time I see it, I feel happy.\"A cleanliness awareness drive is the most enduring of the club's programmes. Started several years back, the members, from class VI upwards, don't just ensure that the school is litter-free, they also spread the message and help keep the campus clean. Older members take this campaign further to their neighbourhood too.The activities aren't limited to beautifying the campus. They believe creating awareness is key to a greener world and regularly hold poster campaigns on eco-awareness. Exhibitions that focus on issues like conservation, climate change and recycling are often held. \"Everywhere you will see cutouts of articles, posters, artwork on the notice boards. Our students continuously work at creating awareness among teachers and students,\" says Radhika Subramanya, a teacher of the club.The school has also tied up with organizations like Kids for Tigers, Conserve my Campus, Greenpeace and so on. A signature campaign for tigers, A Day of Action activity, quiz competitions are regular features at the school. Motivational speakers are often invited to address the students. Environmentalist and writer Bittu Sahgal and former president APJ Abdul Kalam are among those who have interacted with the students.Field trips too form a major part of the education on conservation. \"We visited the Nilgiris Biosphere Reserve where students were able to see the fragmenting of the elephant corridor and understand how it affects wildlife,\" said Rita Dhruve, one of the teachers in charge of the club.With a composting pit in place, the school is now drawing up plans for a rainwater harvesting system on the campus. \"We already have a small medicinal garden in place, with aloe vera, tulsi and neem plants growing,\" said principal Isabella Simon, adding they might explore the possibility of a terrace garden too.The school seems well on its way to furthering the cause of greenery.GREEN BRIGADEMy first introduction to conservation came through Conserve my Campus. Since then we've done a lot. Our field trips have been eye-openers, as have the various campaigns in school.Shivam S, class IXWe have put up skits on saving water, environment, global warming and so on. In two years, we have planted 20 saplings in the campus. I'm from Mangalore and everytime I go there, I plant one there too.Melvin Maben, class IXIt really irks me when I see people litter the place. At school I am able to tell people to stop doing it, but am not always able to outside. But I try to tell people at every possible opportunity I get.Evengelyn Priscilla, class IX", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554446", "title": "Collector vows proper action", "text": "INDORE: While the students' protest at private Oriental University entered its third day on Saturday, the district collector and the department of higher education have vowed to seek explanation from the varsity in connection with its false assurances on recognition issue.Though administrative authorities promised action, students and union leaders have also let the doors of court open for legal battle.Vipin Wankhede, state president of NSUI said, \"We are open to fighting a legal battle against the varsity for forgery, which misled thousands of students and showed them false dreams.\"On Saturday, miffed at the college authorities who did not turn up to show approval letters from competent authorities to students as well as student union leaders, the students' protest turned violent. Nearly 600-700 students raised anti-varsity slogans and later burnt an effigy of the chancellor of the varsity. One of the students said, \"We kept waiting for the varsity officials to come out and show the approval letter, but to no avail. None of the officials came out to prove that they have mandatory approval to run courses.\" He alleged that the university has given admissions which were higher than the approval given to it by the authority concerned.On Friday, students had vandalized college infrastructure.Later, police had to be called to control the agitating students. The controversy started when a student of the institute was refused an education loan on grounds that the concerned institute did not hold valid certification and is not recognized by any competent body. The bank pointed out that even the marksheet provided by the institute holds an invalid registration number.However, the institute authorities who had kept quiet until Friday, rubbished the allegations raised against the varsity and said that they have shown approval letter to the students.\"If students come up with complaint and produce documents, which prove wrongdoings on the part of varsity authorities, I will recommend action,\" Collector Akash Tripathi said. Additional director of higher education Narendra Dhakad said that the university has approval from higher education department. \"However, I cannot comment on approval from UGC and AICTE,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551408", "title": "Speeding auto overturns, woman dead, 2 injured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 32-year-old woman died as a speeding auto-rickshaw overturned near the sectors 38-38 West roundabout. Two others, including the driver, were seriously injured. Sector 42 resident Manu Chand filed a complaint against the auto driver, identified as 24-year-old Ajay Kumar of Attawa village.\"The driver was speeding and he lost control at a sharp turn near the roundabout. The complainant's father Sandhu Chand, 57, and sister Shobha, who were on the passenger seat, were seriously injured. They were rushed to PGIMER, where his sister was declared brought dead,\" a police official said.Police have booked Ajay Kumar under various sections of the Indian Penal Code for rash driving, causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety and causing death by negligence.The accused is undergoing treatment and will face action after he is discharged, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553455", "title": "Experts blame eco-crisis on human ambition", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Valedictory session of the two-day international seminar on 'Global Environmental Politics' was conducted at the seminar hall of the department of political science, University of Allahabad by Prof H K Sharma director ASC Allahabad University.Chief guest at the session Pradeep Bhargava director of G B Pant Social Science Institute Allahabad said the western rationale of sustainable development was actually farcical. Many sociologists remarked that sustainable development was actually a method of colonising social life of commons and absolute utilisation of earthly resources was the main aim of development. But, said Bhargava, we should focus on the consequences of economic growth on environment.In his valedictory address, H M Desarda, member executive council Hyderabad University, who is also former member of Maharashtra State Planning Board, said knowledge on environment had increased extensively amongst masses.Desarda identified fossil fuel civilisation as the cause of the largest crisis and suggested we follow 'three D's - Demystify, Decentralise and Democratise.'Chairperson of the session C P Barthwal former Vice Chancellor Kumaun University Nainital said man is born free but is bound everywhere by politics. Conflict continues in every sphere of life, in which environment gets trapped. In the natural environmental circle, all species except human beings follow a balanced give-and-take scenario. But humans burden the environment and create crisis of existence, he said.The report of the seminar was presented by Nandini Basistha, SRF Rajiv Gandhi Chair of Allahabad University. Two other technical sessions were completed on 'Environmental policy and governance' and 'Environmental policies and sustainable development: contemporary debates' and several experts of the subject read out their papers in these sessions. M P Dube dean faculty of Arts delivered the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550040", "title": "Police lathicharge crowd protesting accident death", "text": "CHENNAI: Police resorted to a mild lathicharge when more than 150 residents of Red Hills blocked the road near Palavayal signal in Red Hills after a woman died in an accident in the locality on Sunday evening.Traffic was thrown out of gear for more than two hours following the road blockade.Police said Thangaraj, 40, and his wife Latha, 35, residents of Cholavaram, were on a motorbike, heading to an engagement at Kavangari, when a speeding lorry from Andhra Pradesh rear-ended the two-wheeler near Palavayal signal.\"Thangaraj and Latha fell on the road,\" a police officer said. \"Latha was severely injured and died on the spot. Thangaraj had escaped with minor injuries.\"Locals rushed Latha to a private hospital nearby where she was declared dead on arrival. Police have launched a search for the lorry driver, who sped away from the accident spot.After residents blocked the road, demanding that the authorities construct a foot overbridge at the junction and asked for police action against speeding lorries.\"We have been petitioning the local authorities to construct a foot overbridge to streamline traffic,\" one resident said. \"They have given us several assurances but have not kept their word.\"More than 50 policemen were deployed to control the crowd. When the protesters refused to budge even after two hours, the police resorted to a mild lathicharge to disperse them. The lathicharge created panic but nobody sustained serious injuries.Residents said accidents frequently occurred at the spot. They said the authorities should at least place speed-breakers and barricades in the area to slow down speeding vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17552326", "title": "Mar Barnabas passes away", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Senior Metropolitan of Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Mathews Mar Barnabas (88) passed away at 2.30am on Sunday at the Pushpagiri Hospital in Thiruvalla.He was the former metropolitan of Idukki and north American dioceses. He was under treatment for kidney-related diseases and was leading a retired life at Mar Kuriakose Dayara, Potthenpuram in Pambady. He was the first metropolitan of Idukki diocese.His body will be kept at the Dayara chapel in Pambady till Tuesday for the public to pay homage.The body will be kept at old seminary from 2-3pm after which it will be kept at the Church Medical Mission Hospital in Kolenchery from 5-6pm. The body will be then taken to his home parish at St Peter's and St Paul's church, Valayanchirangara. His funeral will be held on Wednesday.Malankara Sabha will be observing mourning till Wednesday. All education institutions of the sabha will remain closed on Wednesday. However, examinations will be held as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550043", "title": "Diesel consumption up by 15% in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Consumption of diesel in Delhi has surged by 15% while that of petrol went down by nearly 1.5% in 2011-12 compared to the year before, reflecting a growing preference for diesel cars.As per the latest Delhi government statistics, consumption of diesel in the city was 9.34 lakh metric tonnes in 2011-12 as against 8.11 lakh metric tonnes in 2010-11.The increase of around 1.33 lakh metric tonnes of diesel in 2011-12 came when 5.05 lakh new vehicles were added to the city roads in the same period, taking the total to 74.38 lakh from 69.32 lakh in 2010-11.However, consumption of petrol went down to 8.13 lakh tonnes in 2011-12 as against 8.25 lakh tonnes in the year before which is a decline of 1.45%. Officials attributed the increase in diesel consumption to rise in the number of diesel-run vehicles in the city.The city had only 5.62 lakh vehicles in 1981. The total number of vehicles in Delhi is more than combined total of vehicles in Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata. On an average, over 1,000 vehicles are added to the city roads every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551591", "title": "16 in the dock for defacement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a crackdown against defacement, local police have arrested nine persons and registered 16 criminal cases for putting up advertisements at public places, included at the boundary walls of ISBT-17, electricity poles and at different bus stops on Sunday. Those booked include owners of PGs, call centres, shop owners. All 16 cases were registered at Sector 17 police station and those arrested persons have been released on regular bail.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said before arresting anyone, they were given warnings to remove posters and advertisements from the boundary walls. The cases were registered under Section 3 of the West Bengal Property Defacement Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553446", "title": "Congress celebrates Sonia Gandhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s birthday", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The City Congress celebrated the 67th birthday of party president Sonia Gandhi on Sunday. It was celebrated as the \"Commitment Day\" for Congress policies and programmes.Congress leaders, including party MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh and City Congress chief Shyam Krishna Pandey took out a padayatra from the Anand Bhawan to spread awareness on the achievements of Congress-led UPA government.The padayatra passed through the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru at Balson crossing in the city where partymen garlanded their statues. The padayatra terminated at Chandrashekhar Azad Park.Congress leaders presented in the padayatra included Jawed Urfi, Mukund Tiwari, Abhay awasthi, Vijay Bahadur Singh and Tariq Saeed. They hailed the party for getting the FDI bill passage in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17551074", "title": "Nigerian toddler lived with bullet in brain for 4 months", "text": "BANGALORE: He is indeed a miracle boy. For about four months, 18-month-old Shiabu from Boko Haram in Nigeria, lived with a bullet in his brain. He was as playful as he was before a bullet, fired by some gang members, hit him accidentally. Even his parents did not realize the seriousness of the injury until the right side of his body slowly stopped moving.In July this year, Shiabu was playing outside his house when a bullet suddenly hit him. He fell unconscious, but his parents and neighbours thought he was hit by a stone and injured. He was first rushed to a local hospital, where he was treated with an external dressing and medication. He was unconscious for three days. After a couple of months, his right side stopped moving completely.The best of Nigerian doctors told his parents that any attempt to operate on Shiabu would result in his death. Shiabu's father Mahmud Ibrahim was then introduced to ColumbiaAsia Hospital by one of their very old kidney transplant patients. The hospital mailed a medical opinion, based on an X-ray they received from the family, and had a series of tele-conversations.\"He was brought to the hospital about a fortnight ago and was operated on last week. The bullet injury had damaged brain tissues, which obstructed the movement of the right side of his body. Thankfully, the damage was not very serious. We could repair it with surgical intervention,\" said Dr Sharad Rajamani, consultant neurosurgeon, ColumbiaAsia Hospital, Hebbal.Shiabu is now doing fine. \"He is unlikely to face any further complications. He's been discharged from hospital,\" added Dr Rajamani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550264", "title": "16-year-old drowns in airport sump", "text": "CHENNAI: A 16-year-old boy drowned in a water sump near gate 4 of the Chennai international airport on Sunday evening. The 15ft deep tank was being used by the airport fire safety department for fire tender operations.Police said M Sundaravadivelu of VOC Nagar, Meenambakkam, came to take a bath in the sump when he drowned. He was with two friends when the accident happened. Entry point at gate 4 is being used by the fire safety department officers. \"The tank near the gate is always brimming with water and local residents often use it for taking bath,\" said a senior airport official.The three youths were frolicking when suddenly two of them realised that Sundaravadivelu was missing. They kept calling his name but they didn't get any response. \"The two who initially thought him to have gone home, grew suspicious when they found his slippers near the sump,\" said an investigating officer. The boy went in search of a ball in the sump, police said.They rushed to the boy's home and informed his father Murugan about the incident. Family members went to the place and searched for him, but in vain. They alerted the fire service personnel, who reached the spot and fished out the body. The body has been sent for postmortem.Police said the residents in the area remove the sump lid to use the water for bathing and washing clothes.Police have registered a case of suspicious death under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code and are investigating.The tank near gate 4 is always brimming with water and local residents often use it for taking a bath, airport officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549580", "title": "I am not an India player yet: Parvinder Awana", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking a bat in the middle of an important innings is never a happy moment for a player. However, Parvinder Awana will remember the moment his willow broke during his innings against Karnataka in a Ranji match on Sunday for the rest of his life.It was during this short break that a Delhi teammate told him about his selection in the Indian squad for the Nagpur Test against England.It hasn't been the smoothest of journeys for the medium-pacer. From winning a 'speedster' competition eight years ago to working hard to cement a place in the Delhi Ranji side, Awana has seen his share of ups and downs. He has held on with determination and will now share the Indian dressing in Nagpur next week.However, Awana is not going overboard. \"Just because I'm in the squad doesn't mean I am already an India player. I can't take things for granted. The joy is obviously there. This is the greatest moment of my life so far but the important bit will be to perform if given a chance,\" Awana told TOI from Bangalore.Awana has got into the national squad at a time when the team is going through a very rough phase.\"I know there is a lot of pressure. But I have done well in my debut IPL season this year and also got to tour with India 'A'. I don't put pressure on myself and that helps me. Then, there will be Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli and Ishant Sharma from Delhi. They always help me a lot,\" Awana said.Things got agonising for him when he struggled to reach the next level despite putting in good performances last season. The IPL contract with Kings XI Punjab too came very late. But he always found inspiration from Delhi peers Ashish Nehra and Ishant.\"Ishant and Ashish bhai kept telling me to continue giving my all. They told me that I am at my best when I keep coming at the batsman and my domestic performances won't go unnoticed,\" remarked Awana who has claimed 136 wickets in 41 first-class matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550058", "title": "Discipline in armed forces a must: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Discipline in the armed forces is of paramount importance and acts of indiscipline should not be forgiven as it would set a bad example for others, the Delhi high court has said.\"We would highlight that issues of discipline are of paramount importance in the armed forces and repeated deviant behaviour, if condoned, is likely to set a bad example for others,\" a bench of Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh said. The observation came while the court rejected a plea by Satyaveer Singh, a former grenadier with the Army, against his removal from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554410", "title": "Shahid doesn't have time to teach me dance: Pankaj", "text": "You'd hardly ever imagine Pankaj Kapoor dancing in Bollywood fashion, but for \" Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\", he has shaken a leg or two. The acclaimed actor credits director Vishal Bhardwaj for convincing him to dance.Father of trained dancer Shahid Kapoor , Pankaj admits it was difficult to groove, but says his director's confidence in him made things easy.\"Shahid doesn't have time for me. Our choreographers and their assistants helped me a lot with lot of rehearsals. Earlier it was difficult, but I later stated enjoying it. Shahid did say, 'Dad, just relax and have fun!' So that helped me to take it forward,\" Pankaj told IANS.At 58, Pankaj says is a \"strain\".\"It's not the same with age. Things change and also practice matters. Had I done some dance movements in any of my films, then it would not have been difficult. So I basically had to do rehearsals.\"There was a lot of director's contribution as well. When you get confidence from your director, as an actor, it is all a matter of how your director says 'This is how much I can get out of you',\" he added.Pankaj, along with the entire star cast, including Imran Khan and Anushka Sharma , has grooved on the title track of \"Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\".The veteran actor believes the industry has fit him into a 'certain' kind of films, but says he is ready to do all roles that interest him.\"I am open to scripts. I am hoping that interesting subjects come my way. There is a perception that I do certain kind of films. That's not true. I am open to any good scripts with a good role,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17551366", "title": "Yet another suicide at Jodhpur air base", "text": "JODHPUR: Less than a fortnight after Squadron Leader Anindita Dasgupta killed herself, yet another air force official committed suicide at the Jodhpur air base on Sunday. Corporal Rahul Singh (24) was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room.The IAF has ordered a court of inquiry while the police have initiated their own investigation and taken possession of the body.According to SHO Sugan Singh, the Corporal shut himself in his barracks on Sunday at around 12.30pm and hanged himself from the ceiling fan. \"We rushed to the spot after the air force informed us, broke into the barracks and lowered his body\", Singh said.The police have not recovered a suicide note or any other substantial evidence from the spot. \"It is clearly a case of suicide. We have registered the case and initiated an investigation\", the police official said.His body has been deposited into the morgue of the MG Hospital and relatives have been informed. \"They are expected to arrive on Monday. After they arrive, we will proceed with the postmortem,\" SHO Singh told reporters.The IAF also seemed clueless of the cause of suicide. \"A court of inquiry has been ordered with immediate effect and as far as the police investigation is concerned, we will fully cooperate them\", defence spokesperson Colonel S D Goswami said.On November 27, another suicide had taken place at the Jodhpur air force station. Squadron leader Anindita Dasgupta was found hanging from the ceiling fan in her official quarters. The investigation of this suicide is still on.ADM (City) Rajendra Singh said that reports of chemical tests and other forensic test results are still awaited in the case of Dasgupta. \"The report will take time to arrive and the process of recording of the statements is on\", he added.Jodhpur : In less than a fortnight of the suicide of a Squadron Leader Anindita Dasgupt committed suicide here, yet another air force personnel committed suicide here on Sunday. He was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room. The Air Force has ordered a Court of Inquiry into the matter whereas the police have initiated investigation taking possession of the body.According to the SHO Sugan Singh, Rahul Singh (24), who is a corporal at the Jodhpur Air Force Station and belong to Kanpur closed himself in his barrack on Sunday afternoon about 12.30 pm and hanged himself from the ceiling fan of the barrack. \"We rushed to the spot after the air force informed us, broke into the barrack and dismount his body\", told Singh.His body has been deposited into the morgue of the MG Hospital and relatives have been informed. \"They are expected to arrive on Monday. After they arrive, we will proceed with the postmortem,\" told Singh.Meanwhile, the police have not received any suicide note or any other substantial evidence from the spot. \"It is clearly the case of suicide. We have registered the case and have initiated the investigation\", told the official.On the other hand the air force has ordered the court of inquiry into the matter. \"The court of inquiry has been ordered with immediate effect and as far as the police investigation is concerned, we will fully cooperate them\", told defence spokes person S D Goswami. He also has expressed his unawareness regarding the cause of suicide citing it to be the matter of investigation.Before this, a Squadron leader Anindita Dasgupta has also committed suicide on 27 November night at her official quarter. She also was found hanging from the ceiling fan from a room of her house, while her husband V. Naik sleeping in the bedroom. The investigation of this suicide is being carried out by the ADM (City) of Jodhpur, but the incident has prima facie had found its roots in tiff between the couple over the use of facebook or her late night arrival.ADM (City) Rajendra Singh told that the reports of chemical tests and FSL are being awaited in the case of Dasgupta. \"The report will take time to arrive and the process of recording of the statements is going on\", told Singh.Where Dasgupta was married and was into the service from past 6 years, Rahul Singh was a bachelor and was also into the service from past years and was posted at Jodhpur station a year back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550866", "title": "BJP bashed on Sonia's birthday", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the birthday of Congress president Sonia Gandhi who turned 67 on Sunday, Congress men took out a padyatra from Deva Sharif in Barabanki district and attacked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) as the most \"corrupt party\".Leading the rally was Congress Barabanki MP and chairman of SC/ST commission P L Punia, who termed the previous BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government as the most corrupt. \"We all saw on camera how a senior BJP leader took bribe,\" said Punia, referring to Bangaru Laxman. \"Recently, BJP's Yedurappa lost his chair on charges of corruption,\" he said.Punia said the Congress would have brought in the Lok Pal bill had the BJP not put hurdles in the way. A former top bureacrat from UP, Punia said it was the Congress which put it into force the rights to employment, information and education. \"And now we are working towards bringing in a right to food,\" he said.Speaking on the occasion, UP Congress committee chief Nirmal Khatri said the Centre had been allocating due funds for development of Uttar Pradesh. \"But, the callous attitude of the state government is stopping the benefits from reaching the people,\" said Khatri, adding they would be meeting people in a bid to apprise them about the government initiatives.Senior leader of the party and member of its central working committee Mohsina Kidwai said the padyatra, which started from Deva Sharif, was a proof of party's secular credentials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550237", "title": "Auto men cash in on railway block", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking advantage of Sunday's mega block between Nerul and Panvel stations from 11am to 3pm, autorickshaw drivers had a field day and fleeced passengers.A local said, \"Trains arriving from CST terminated at Nerul. Those who wanted to go to Kharghar and Panvel had to catch a bus from the highway, which is a couple of km away from the station. \"Getting an auto to reach the highway is a problem as drivers demand huge fares,\" he said. Many passengers preferred to wait till 3pm for the mega block to get over.Passengers between Kalyan and Thane too faced inconvenience due to the mega block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554341", "title": "Anna Hazare all praise for 'Vartmaan', the anti-corruption film", "text": "The film, Vartmaan, that marks the debut of designer Rocky S as a producer, was watched by none other than anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare . The reason -- Anna had some apprehensions since it was said to be Anti-Anna Hazare film.Hence, the director, Manish Gupta, and the producer. Mridul Singhvi (nephew of Rocky S), travelled to Anna's remote village in the interiors of Maharashtra - Ralegaon Siddhi where a private screening was held.But after watching it Anna green signalled the venture. The modern Gandhian was simply elated and even spent hours discussing corruption and the current political scenario with the director and the producer.Manish Gupta said, \"I explained to Anna that film was not against him but merely raised a pertinent question -- whether it is possible to wipe out corruption completely! The message I put across it is important to cleanse oneself than clean others. Every citizen must strive to become honest in his own profession first before raising a finger at any politician.\" Anna's signed-off line to the duo was \" tumne thik dikhaya tumhari film mein ke koi bhi sirf topi pehen lene se Anna nahin ban jaataa. Bahot tyaag karna padta hai. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552050", "title": "Two more quarries sealed for mining on forest land", "text": "NAGPUR: The crackdown against illegal stone quarries in Pachgaon, 30km from here, continued on Saturday and Sunday with forest officials sealing two more quarries that had not only encroached upon protected and reserve forest but also did mining in it.On December 4, staff from North Umred forest range had sealed quarry of one Anil Bhabde from Nagpur, who had encroached upon around 8 hectare protected forest (PF) land in compartment number 328 and did mining. A primary offence report (POR) has already been registered against him.Continuing its action, the officials on Saturday and Sunday sealed two more quarries, belonging to Gurmeetsingh Attarsingh Chawla and Ajay Gopaldas Jaswani, both from Nagpur, and registered PORs under Sections 33 and 26 of the Indian Forest Act, 1927. Moveable and immovable assets including tractors trolleys, pockland machines, JCBs, steel shed, poles, crushers and other material worth more than Rs6 crore have been seized.Official sources said Chawla is alleged to have extracted material from around 3 hectare land in PF, while Jaswani mined in around 1.3 hectare land in compartment number 764, a new reserve forest (NRF).Jaswani is alleged to have set up his office in PF while his labourers had erected a shed. The Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, clearly states that forest land cannot be used for non-forestry purposes without prior permission from the government. Thus, it is surprising how the forest officials kept quiet against the violations for years.In February 2012, TOI had exposed how mines were operating in PF with the blessings of officials. The miners were even using PF land to transport extracted material and at many places destroyed forest boundaries. The violations came to light only after a seven-member committee launched a survey to demarcate PF boundary in the mining area in October.Highly placed sources said one of the quarry owners who has been booked is trying to hush up the matter with the help of a city NCP youth leader. The North Umred range officials received calls on Sunday from the leader seeking to stall the probe.The Nagpur division officials have sought a detailed note from the RFO concerned to submit it to the forest minister and principal secretary (forests).Additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) &amp; nodal officer Suresh Gehrola justified the action taken by Nagpur division under Indian Forest Act (IFA).The rampant mining in Pachgaon violates Supreme Court orders in TN Godavarman Vs Union of India and others case which state that no mining leases, including renewal, should be permitted up to 250 metres from the boundary of any forest area.Besides, illegal quarrying in Pachgaon also violates safety zone directive issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on May 25, 1999. As per the directive, safety zone area calculation in the mining proposal should be done taking 7.5 metres strip of the forest land all along the outer boundary of the mining lease area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551437", "title": "Sibal highlights impacts of removing cell towers", "text": "JAIPUR: In support of the telecom industry, Union minister for communication and information technology Kapil Sibal has told Rajasthan government about the negative impacts of removing cell phone towers in the state.In his communique to the chief minister Ashok Gehlot in the last week of November, Sibal expressed his fear that compliance of high court orders could hit the critical communication requirement in the state. Sibal said communication is vital for law and order in the state.Citing an example, the Union minister said connectivity is essential for patients to reach the doctor. In the absence of network, it will become difficult to connect each other during emergency.The Rajasthan high court on November 27 ordered relocation of mobile towers from educational institutions, hospitals and playgrounds in the state within two months. It further ruled that they should be shifted at least 500m away from jails and 100m from monuments.The Union minister maintained that there are \"no established studies that conclusively prove the ill-effect of mobile tower radiation on the health of the human body\". The minister also claimed that mobile towers were radiating well within prescribed limits.The officials at Chief Minister Office refused to comment on the communication between the chief minister and the Union minister, but sources confirmed that state government is in constant touch with the Centre on the issue.In response to the HC orders, telecom companies are now looking for other alternatives to safeguard their interests. \"We have just received the copy of orders on Friday. Internal discussions are going on within the stake holders and we have kept all our options open,\" said Sudipto Chaudhary, a representative of the Cellular Operators' Association of India.Earlier in June 2012, the Union department of telecommunication (DoT) has made it clear to the Rajasthan government that the emission level from the mobile towers in Jaipur is well within the limit. DoT added that that the emissions pose no threat to human life. This communication was made after a Central team visited and conducted a study in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552157", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation warns drivers against unauthorized halts", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decided to take strict action against its bus drivers if they halted buses at unauthorized stops.An official from the MSRTC Pune division said that the controllers were receiving complaints from commuters about unscheduled stopping of buses at food plazas and 'dhabas' on the expressway and other major routes, and halting of buses for more than 20 minutes. The commuters pointed out that stopping of buses at unauthorized stops was dangerous as it would increase chances of theft and teasing.An official from the MSRTC said that the drivers have been instructed to stop buses only at authorized stops. A list of such stops has been provided to the drivers. \"We appeal to the commuters to register a complaint with the MSRTC officials in such cases. We immediately launch an inquiry if a complaint is registered. A commuter can register the complaint online on the MSRTC's website.\"A commuter who travelled in the Pune-Dadar Shivneri bus on Sunday told TOI, \"The bus halted at a food plaza near Lonavla, which was an unauthorized stop. It stopped for more than 20 minutes, though it is expected that a halt should not be of more than 10 minutes in normal circumstances. The authorities need to look into the issue seriously.\"Another commuter also told TOI about a Shivneri bus halting at the same food plaza. This means that the drivers were violating the instructions given to them, the commuter said. If the Pune-Dadar journey takes around three and a half hours, why the buses halt for more than 15 minutes at food plazas, he asked.The commuters on other routes also faced similar problems. Chinmay Thakar, who travelled on the Mahabaleshwar-Pune route in a semi-luxury MSRTC bus said, \"The bus took more than 5 hours to reach Pune. It halted at many places on the way, though it was a semi-luxury bus. The driver halted at a hotel on the way for at least half hour for lunch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17555843", "title": "Blast in Manipur ahead of Rahul visit", "text": "IMPHAL: A day ahead of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's Manipur visit, rebels exploded a powerful bomb at Koubru Leikha along National Highway 2 in Senapati district on Sunday morning, injuring two BSF jawans.The incident has prompted the state and central security apparatus to remain on a red alert in view of the Congress leader's visit.After landing at Imphal airport on Monday morning at 11, the Gandhi scion will address a meeting at Hapta Kangjeibung in the historic palace compound in Imphal East, Manipur PCC leaders said.But despite the watertight security measures being taken in and around the state capital, rebels triggered the IED explosion at Koubru Leikai about 25km from Imphal at around 11am, injuring the two BSF constables, including a cook, who were travelling in one of the three vehicles of the force, police sources said.The injured jawans, who received minor splinter injuries, were rushed to the Imphal-based Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), the sources said, adding that they are out of danger.Rebels who are fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty have been targeting security forces frequently with powerful bombs in various parts of the state including Imphal city for the last three months, killing and injuring security forces and civilians.In Imphal, layers of security rings have been thrown in at various strategic parts in view of Rahul's brief visit on Monday.Besides enhancing frisking and checking, all security units in the capital have put on high alert, a senior police officer said, adding that the maximum number of police commandos have been fanned out in and around the capital.During his scheduled two-hour visit, Rahul will inaugurate a state-level convention for local self-government and UPA's 16-point flagship programmes at the same venue.Rahul will also interact with around 200 volunteers of the state youth Congress and the NSUI near the convention venue, said Manipur PCC president and deputy chief minister Gaikhangam.Urging the people to cooperate and enable the elected representatives of local self-government to take part in the convention, Gaikhangam said that the event would also educate the people about the flagship programmes of the UPA government.Rahul had last visited Manipur's Churachandpur district in April 2009 to campaign for Congress's Outer and Inner Manipur Lok Sabha candidates, Thangso Baite and Th Meinya, both of whom won in the crucial polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17303659", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee rejects Ajmal Kasab's mercy plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee rejected the mercy petition filed by Ajmal Kasab , the Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist sentenced to death for his role in the November 26, 2008 terror attack on Mumbai.The decision comes after the home ministry on October 23 rejected Kasab's mercy petition that had been addressed to the President.According to TV reports, Kasab, who was lodged at Mumbai's Arthur Road prison since his arrest, has been shifted to Yerwada jail.On May 6, 2010, the Mumbai trial court had awarded death sentence to Kasab which was later upheld by the Bombay High Court on February 21, 2011. The apex court rejected his appeal on August 29.The BJP had demanded that the apex court decision awarding death sentence to Kasab should be implemented at the earliest.Kasab has been lodged at Arthur Road prison since his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555180", "title": "Verbal clash led to youth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder, investigation reveals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A day after 24-year-old Anand was hacked to death at Thumba, Poundukadavu near here, the investigating team has found that a quarrel that took place between Anand and Subhash, a ganja peddler led to the murder.Medical College circle inspector A Pramod Kumar said Anand has been a frequent visitor to the area to buy ganja from Subhash. \"Anand visited Subhash's house to buy ganja along with his friend. He gave Subhash Rs 1,000, but the latter delivered ganja worth only Rs 400. This led to a verbal duel between them. The situation turned violent when the elder brother of Subhash, Shibu aka Black Shibu, a person with criminal background, intervened in the issue,\" the CI said.In between, Subhash rushed to his home, came back with a country bomb and hurled at Anand. Amid the ruckus Anand was hacked several times.Anand was a student of the Government Polytechnic in Nedumangad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550897", "title": "Toll revenue up after bidding of toll plazas", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an example of how competitive bidding, rather than discretionary allotment of works, can push government revenue, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) recorded at least 45% increase in toll collection on national highways after it awarded works through tenders.Records available with TOI show that while in 2009-10, NHAI had earned only Rs 1,098 crore from 75 toll collection points on highway stretches which are managed by the authority, these toll booths were tendered the next year for Rs 1,470 crore.Highways minister C P Joshi confirmed that the auctioning of toll plazas for user fee collection had increased significantly. He added that transparent bidding criteria always showed positive results when any work was allotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556253", "title": "Opposition finds faults with Shiv Sena-BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 20-year rule", "text": "AURANGABAD: In the last 30 years, the Shiv Sena-BJP combine has ruled the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation for more than 20 years but the alliance has miserably failed to offer good services to the people of Aurangabad, said opposition leader Jafar Khan on Saturday.The civic body celebrated its 30th foundation day on Saturday. Several projects were announced to mark the event.\"Twenty years were enough for any political party to bring prosperity in any civic body. However, the ruling party has not only ruined the entire system on the corporation but they also sold many properties of it in the mane of privatization,\" he said.Contradicting the charges, leader of the house in the AMC Raju Vaidya, said, \"If corporators of our parties are retaining their seats in the elections, it shows that the people still have faith in them. They vote us because they know that we are delivering,\" he said.Khan said there was no successful project to make the ruling alliance proud. \"The drainage system has collapsed, people have to run around for drinking water and there is no management in tax collection,\" he said.On recent announcement of parallel pipeline project, Vaidya said he was proud of the plan. \"We are the first in the country to undertake such a massive project. It will take care of the people's need for long. Moreover, despite of the stupendous rise in the city's population, we have offered basic services to the people. Be it a public park, a playground, or a school, the corporation has provided it all,\" he said.Jafar pointed out that falling percentage of tax collection was due to the poor management of the alliance. \"They could not collect tax from the people which resulted in deteriorating financial position of the civic body. In the absence of any big project, the corporation is highlighting routine works on the occasion of foundation day. What is so special about installing traffic signals at Gajanan Maharaj chowk. It's a routine work but they want to highlight it because they don't have anything else to display,\" he added.Vaidya said a 500-bedded hospital would come up within two months in the city but the opposition leader said the condition of primary health facilities at various corporation run hospitals was pitiable.\"The city did not witness the much deserved progress in last 20 to 22 years when other cities have recorded outstanding achievements,\" Jafar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17550940", "title": "Don't open outline development planss for arbitrary changes: Goa Bachao Abhiyan", "text": "PANAJI: The outline development plans (ODPs) of Panaji , Taleigao and Mapusa should not be opened up to arbitrary changes without any guidelines, as large areas of paddy fields and slopes are under threat of being developed without people's participation, Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) alleged.The government is proposing to open up the cultivable land in Mapusa for a new bus stand and commercial development. Similarly, agricultural land and slopes are marked settlement in Taleigao. North Goa planning and development authority (NGPDA) had notified the proposed changes in the official gazette for suggestions from stakeholders on November 8. A special task force headed by deputy chief minister Francisco D'Souza has been formed to pursue the projects in Mapusa.\"ODPs stand out as examples of chaos, having been prepared in an ad hoc nature without guidelines,\" GBA convenor Sabina Martins stated. The ODPs continue to be treated as separate entities despite verbal assurances that eco-zones will be protected, as defined in the Regional Plan 2021.But GBA alleged that the ruling party has not delivered on its electoral commitment to make the RP 2021 people friendly instead of being builder-centric even after nine months.The PDAs should adopt the guidelines prepared by the state level committee for the protection of eco-sensitive zones-1 (ESZ) and also non development zones (NDZ) before opening the ODPs to changes under the guise of corrections.The GBA also stated that the statutory provisions of the CRZ notifications and the Forest Conservation Act should be adhered to before any changes are made. \"Any changes of land use in the ODP areas must be with the prior written concurrence of the authorities like the GCZMA, NIO, water resources, forests, agriculture, fisheries, as applicable,\" Martins stated.Calling for a more participatory process of planning, GBA suggested that the guidelines for corrections in the final RP 2021 be made applicable to ODP areas. \"All requests for change, be it from gram sabha, village committees, municipalities and others be subjected to the same criteria,\" she said.The NGPDA has been referring the ODP 2000 as the \"original plan\" and the ODP 2011 as the \"revised plan\" for the purpose of notification. \"But the 'draft ODP 2011' is neither the 'original plan' nor the 'revised plan', GBA alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17552212", "title": "Mandeep doubles Mumbai's agony", "text": "MUMBAI: After 437 minutes and 306 balls, and making Mumbai count each minute and each ball, middle-order batsman Mandeep Singh finally departed with a fine 211 to his credit, as Punjab piled up a massive 580 in their first innings, on Day 2 of their Ranji Trophy match, at the Wankhede Stadium on Sunday.Mandeep's knock, laced with 32 boundaries and a six, proved to be a torture for Mumbai who have rarely struggled in home conditions this badly. Punjab's surge post the 450-mark was also helped by middle-order batsman Amitoze Singh's brisk 91, compiled with 11 fours and three sixes.In reply, Mumbai were 69-1 at stumps, and when Ajinkya Rahane and Kaustubh Pawar walk out to bat on Monday morning, the home team will be staring at a 511-run deficit before they can think of a first-innings lead.Earlier, Punjab made merry at the expense of the listless Mumbai attack that got whacked at 3.67 runs per over with Ramesh Powar, the team's senior-most spinner, going at an economy rate of six-plus.Skipper Ajit Agarkar, who grabbed three wickets, had no choice but to depend on the lesser experienced Ankeet Chavan and part-timers like Kaustubh Pawar. Chavan, to his credit though, picked up three crucial wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17554425", "title": "City swings to Hard Kaur's tunes", "text": "LUDHIANA: British Indian rapper Hard Kaur had city residents dancing to her tunes, literally, during annual day celebrations of Lodhi Club.The audience jived ecstatically to her popular hits, \"Ek glassy\", \"Nain preeto de\", \"Move your body\" and \"Party abhi baki hai.\" A spectacular performance by belly dancers spiced up the event. Comedian Jaswant Singh's mimicry act left the audience in splits.\"I really enjoyed myself. The live performance by Hard Kaur pulsated with energy. This is the best live performance I have ever been a part of and it is a memorable experience,\" said Gurpreet Kaur, a resident of Raj Guru Nagar.\"She is not only a great rapper and performer but also a wonderful person. She managed to let her personality flower despite so many personal problems. Her energy is infectious,\" Simran, of Gurdev Nagar said.Model Town resident Sarabjeet Singh, who said he's an ardent fan of the feisty rapper, said, \"She is amazing. I love the way she sings and dances. I listen to her numbers on every occasion.\"Deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari and a large number of industrialists attended the concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550646", "title": "7 held for murder of Barnwal bros", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major breakthrough, Ghazipur district police on Sunday busted a gang of seven, including two engineering dropouts, involved in the murder of state vice president of Samajwadi Vyapar Sabha (SVS) Ajay Barnwal and his brother Vijay in Ghazipur district late on Friday night.Police recovered Rs 1.29 lakh cash, keys to showroom and jewellery the robbers had decamped with after killing the Barnwals outside their house in Saidpur police circle when they returned home from their jewellery shop.Police also recovered six firearms including 9 mm pistols, 32.bore revolvers and country-made pistols from the accused. Three of the sophisticated firearms seized were part of the booty they had decamped with after the double-murder and killing of a local leader Rinku Singh Yadav. Most of the arrested accused had been released on bail from different jails in the last six months following their arrests in other crimes.Additional director general of police (ADG) Crime Arun Kumar, briefing newspersons on Sunday evening, said the arrests helped police solve three other murder cases and the case of an extortion bid reported from different parts of Ghazipur district in the last two months. The gang was reportedly led by Nanhe alias Aman Pratap Singh, Jitendra Jaiswal alias Baba, Mohit Verma and Pradeep Seth all residents of Saidpur township along with Rohit Singh alias Sunny of Madho Market in Lanka police circle and Kittu alias Roshan Gupta of Bardipiyariya under Chowk police circle situated in Varanasi district.\"The gang leader Aman Pratap Singh alias Nanhein and Rohit Singh were pursuing their engineering from different institutes when they stepped into the crime world. All of the accused have been to jail and five of them had stepped out of the jail within the period of last 6 months,\" Arun Kumar said adding: \"Among the recovered firearms is the .32 bore licensed revolver belonging to Rinku Singh Yadav alias Satyendra. Rinku was shot dead by Nanhe on December 1, 2012. Rinku had stood against Nanhe for the Nagar Panchayat elections in which both had lost. After killing Rinku, Nanhe took away his licensed revolver,\" the ADG said.On October 27, the gang had shot dead Bachche Lal, a jeweller, after he refused to meet their extortion demand. Two of the accused arrested were carrying a cash reward of Rs 10,000 each on their heads. The accused also provided details of a number of other crimes reported from Ghazipur, Mau and Varanasi regions. Police said involvement of some other associates of Nanhe has come to light and efforts were on to trace and arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551631", "title": "Only girls can grill this chef", "text": "MUMBAI: Superchef Vikas Khanna is a raconteur of great talent. At the 'Bombay Chatachat' session, Khanna warmed the hearts of his audience with his banter and affability.The chef who prefers dal chawal spoke about his biji, his mother and the women who inducted him into the enchanted world of food, adding, \"I know it's not the best idea to be emotional on stage, but without my past and my traditions I would've achieved nothing of what I have.\" And he has several achievements\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhe runs a Michelin-star restaurant in New York, authored books on Indian food, hosted MasterChef India2 and tops 'hottest' chef polls.While the moderator, food writer Rashmi Uday Singh, said there was infinitely more to Khanna than just good looks, most queries at the Q&A; were from adoring female fans. It prompted food blogger Kalyan Karmakar to ask in jest, \"Are you taking questions from guys here?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17554757", "title": "Express train from Hubli to Chennai", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to continue to run tri-weekly express specials between Hubli-Chennai central-Hubli stations with effect from December 2 to January 4, 2013 from Hubli end and from Chennai end from December 3 to January 5. (total : 15 trips in each direction).Accordingly, 07314 Hubli-Chennai Central Tri-weekly Express special will depart from Hubli at 20-20hrs on Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays with effect from December 2 to January 4 and arrive at Chennai central station at 11-55 hrs the next day.In the return direction, 07313 Chennai central-Hubli tri weekly express special will depart from Chennai central station at 14-10 hrs on Mondays, Thursdays &amp; Saturdays, with effect from December 03 to January 05, 2013, and arrive at Hubli at 06-35 hrs the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550857", "title": "Gautam Buddha Technical University's BTech entrance exam likely to go online", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gautam Buddha Technical University (GBTU) is expected to go fully online this year. University officials inform the application process and entrance examination for admissions to BTech will be online, while the entrance examination is expected to go online too. State entrance examination (SEE) 2013 will be held on April 20 and 21. The university had gone paperless last year for MBA, MCA state entrance exam (SEE).\"We received a good response last year conducting online MBA, MCA entrance exams. We were able to declare results earlier than usual. This year, we plan to make at least the application process for admissions to BTech totally online,'' said a university official.He said it was still not decided whether examination for BTech will go online or not. \"The number of students who appear for engineering is far higher than of those who take MBA, MCA exam. It will take sometime for us to take the final call,'' said an official.The computer-based test is an attempt by the university to do away with the conventional pen-and-paper mode. University pro vice-chancellor V K Singh said, \"A lot of prestigious examinations have gone online. We think it's the better option for students. Maintaining records of thousands of students on paper becomes difficult.''Last year, the university had given an option of offline and online application process for BTech. To take the final call, the university has called a meeting of officials next week. It is likely that GBTU will stick to its old format of examination pattern. There will be 150 questions, each carrying four options.According to the officials, after 5% NRI and management quota, 20% admissions to MBA will be done through Common Management Admission Test (CMAT), and remaining through SEE. For MCA, 95% admissions will be done through SEE while 5% will be filled by NRI, management quota. In engineering, 20% seats will be filled through All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), 5% through NRI, management and remaining through SEE.Lucknow: Gautam Buddha Technical University (GBTU) will hold its 10{+t}{+h} convocation ceremony on January 5, 2013 from 11 am to 1 pm on the Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET) campus. Students of BTech, MBA, MCA, BPharma and others who secured 70% and above marks will attend the convocation. The university will award gold and silver medals to outstanding students of each course but all PhD degrees will be distributed during the convocation. The students will hear the convocation address by Justice G S Singhavi from Supreme Court of India.On the occasion, the university will release its annual report and has sought details from all colleges about their outstanding achievements, workshop and seminars conducted by the institution, patents and publications from the institution, laurels and distinctions awarded to the faculty and students for the academic session 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551191", "title": "Loyolites present a spectacle", "text": "PATNA: The crowd clapped and cheered as terrorist Osama bin Laden was killed by US soldiers. Well, this time only at a stage recreation of 'Mission Abbottabad' by Loyola ITI students to mark the colourful annual sports meet of Loyola High School here on Sunday. Replete with background sound effects and superb acting of the students, the act was a spectacle to behold.It was a different Sunday on Loyola campus with the routine tranquillity that marks academic activities being replaced by the hustle-bustle of students and parents who had come to enjoy the athletic meet. The drill displays put up by the Loyolites was a visual treat. While the tiny-tots looked angelic dressed in white while performing \"Flying Kids\", the \"Dandiya Raas\" staged by the students of class 6 and 7 brought the folk flavour of Gujarat to Bihar. \"Quest for unity\" taught lessons of peace and harmony to everyone while the mass drill beautifully depicted the discipline and coordination among the students.\"A creative cooperation\" was indeed an innovative drill by the students of class 3 and 4 who created a Ludo game formation in their display. Several field and track events were also held for the students on Sunday and many inter-house tourneys were also played. The overall championship was clinched by the Yellow house with 272 points, and close on their heels were Blue House with 250 points who also bagged the 4X200m Relay race.Students who outran their opponents in different categories of 100m, 200m and 400m races were Akshay Kumar , Deepak Kumar, Prachi Priyadarshi, Vishwajeet, Nandita Roy, Aman Akash, Raju Xalxo, Shayonika Alok, Raj Kamal, Gaurav Kumar, Abhinav Anand and Devesh Kumar.The march past was led by school captain Pratyush Sunandan while each house was led by their respective captains - Ayush Agrawal (Yellow), Arnab Bannerjee (Blue), Chandramani Singh (Green) and Anshul Anand (Red). Even the alumni had fun playing the \"Lucky unlucky\" game which was won by ex-Loyolite Aman Singh.While the students matched their steps to popular English numbers, the school band too did an excellent job producing melodious symphonies of \"Saare jahan se achcha\", \"Showers of blessings\" and Rajasthani folk tune among others.The chief guest on the occasion, E Bala Prasad, director general, BIPARD, and divisional commissioner, Patna, stressed on the importance of sports in a student's life. \"Sports instills a desire to excel not only in academics but in every walk of life,\" said Prasad. Principal Brother Felix welcomed the guests and highlighted the importance of healthy competition. \"We believe in holistic development of students and formation of character, not just academic excellence,\" said Brother Felix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550174", "title": "2 staff booked for kidnapping owner", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was lodged against two employees of a trailer body maker firm, who allegedly kidnapped their firm owner. The firm owner has been missing since Friday night. However, the victim's family has not received any ransom call yet.The firm owner has been identified as Vijay Sharma, a resident of Rajiv colony. He had allegedly gone to attend a marriage function with his family. After he got a call on his mobile, he left the function telling his wife that he will be back within an hour after recovering some money. The family members said that the victim's phone was switched on till 3.30 am.The victim's wife Bindu tried calling her husband, but the mobile was found switched off.\"The victim's family suspects involvement of two employees of victim's firm. On the statement of victim's brother, Pardeep, an FIR has been lodged against two under section 365 IPC. The accused are identified as Ashish and Rahul, who live as tenant in Dharm colony and working with the victim's firm. Surprisingly, duo accused are also missing after the incident. The call details of the mobile and its location are presently being traced\", said sub inspector Dinesh Kumar, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550439", "title": "Govt slaps Rs 505cr tax recovery notices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many private firms and government departments have been slapped with notices for recovery of over Rs 500 crore tax allegedly evaded by them while executing Commonwealth Games-related projects.Official sources said recovery notices for Rs 505 crore towards value-added tax (VAT) have been issued by the central government revenue department and trade and taxes authorities of the Delhi government. The demand was raised after a multi-jurisdiction investigation team working under the Central Vigilance Commission detected Rs 1,000 crore tax evasion by the companies and government departments.Following the detection of huge tax evasion, tax departments of both Delhi and central governments have also effected recovery of Rs 94.71 crore from private firms and government bodies involved in the CWG-related works, the sources said. The CVC team, which went into alleged irregularities in Commonwealth Games-related civic and construction projects, has found tax evasion of Rs 1,014.6 crore.Sources said show cause notices have been issued to the firms and government departments for payment of Rs 702 crore of VAT on work contracts (TDS), Rs 228.1 crore of service tax and Rs 84.5 crore of workers welfare cess.\"The scrutiny of works or contracts related to the CWG by the CVC revealed instances of non-payment or detection of statutory taxes or cess etc. by some private companies as well as by government departments or organization. The team is still working and efforts were on to recover the money,\" a CVC official said.Vigilance Commissioner R Srikumar said in a recent interview that Rs 1,000 crore evasion was detected with the help of a multi-jurisdiction investigation platform, comprising officers from tax and other authorities, formed by CVC to look into the CWG scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551402", "title": "2 boys go missing mysteriously", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two children, Suraj and Mohan, went missing from Manimajra on Saturday.The police registered a case of abduction following the complaint of Kali Charan, father of Suraj.Charan, a daily wager, said Suraj and Mohan were last seen near their homes around 2pm on December 8. Nobody saw them thereafter, he added. Police said family members of the children do not suspect anyone in particular.Inspector Ranjit Singh who is probing the case, mentioned that pictures of missing children have been circulated to various police stations. The police, however, could not get any clue on them. Their relatives who reside in Uttar Pradesh were also being contacted.Police have not ruled out the possibility that both the kids could have gone away on their own. However, police said all possible angles were being probed. Though no one so far has contacted families for ransom, cops maintained the possibility of abduction could not be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554104", "title": "Tardy progress of Rajiv Awas Yojna: Government pulls up NGOs, agencies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Private agencies and NGOs, involved in carrying out community mobilization, socio-economic survey and mapping activities in slums for implementation of Centre-sponsored Rajiv Awas Yojna (RAY) in Bhubaneswar, got a bashing from the state government for their tardy progress.The delay in completion of these activities has taken its toll on preparation of detailed project report for the project, which envisages provision of concrete houses and other basic urban facilities to slum- dwellers. Government would build pucca houses, roads, provide drinking water connection, set up public and individual toilets, community schools and bus shelters under the ambitious scheme. While all the 399 slums have been proposed to get a facelift under RAY, only three slums (Rangamatia, Patharabandha and Mahisakhal) have got a makeover with the Centre approving DPRs of the three settlements recently. \"The socio-economic survey in city slums is moving at a slow pace and must be expedited. Performance of the lead NGO is unimpressive,\" a senior officer of housing and urban development department (H&UD;) said on Sunday. H&UD; principal secretary Injeti Srinivas reviewed their performance a few days ago.The mandate of a lead NGO involves mobilizing slum communities, updating them about the scheme and sensitizing them about the benefits. After completion of community mobilization, comes the role of another agency conducting socio-economic survey of each household. The process will pave the way for another agency to carry out GIS-mapping of the area with the help of satellite data to discern exact use of land and type of houses, including members of each family.Sources said the community mobilization has been completed in around 300 slums, socio-economic survey in around 270 slums and the subsequent GIS-mapping in nearly 100 slums. \"The H&UD; principal secretary has instructed the agencies to finish the slum listing within a month,\" H&UD; deputy secretary Anjana Panda told TOI.Lead NGO's functionary Surath Biswal said, \"We will complete the mobilization work quickly.\" Reacting to the government's observation about the NGO's 'unimpressive' performance, Biswal said, \"We are doing our job properly.\" Another agency, engaged for conducting socio-economic survey, attributed the delay to some teething troubles in slums. \"There are some practical problems. First of all, we cannot move to slums until the lead NGO completes its task. Secondly, we often face resentment and non-cooperation from slum-dwellers during festivals and social functions. They are not ready to share their details with us,\" said Sujata Samal, project specialist of the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555142", "title": "All government hospitals to operate 24/7", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With 19 community health centres, five taluk hospitals and four district hospitals in Thiruvananthapuram being equipped to offer round-the-clock treatment to patients, the home district of health minister V S Sivakumar has achieved a rare distinction. Vacancies of doctors in all these hospitals have also been filled.\"We have been giving special care to the district after many cases of dengue were reported recently. Round-the-clock service has become the need of the hour since the outbreak. We are planning to replicate this Thiruvananthapuram model in other districts too,\" said Sivakumar.Now, there are 340 health service and 125 NRHM doctors in Thiruvananthapuram district. \"Another 250 doctors will be appointed in various districts under NRHM before December 15. Our main aim is provide round-the-clock services at the hospitals in the state that offer specialized treatment,'' said the health minister.To woo the doctors under NRHM, the government has hiked the salaries from Rs 27,500 to Rs 32,000 for MBBS doctors and from Rs 32,000 to Rs 38,000 for post graduate doctors or specialists. \"It is a fact that we are not getting specialists in the health service. Hence, we are now going for contract appointment of doctors under NRHM,\" said the minister.The worst case of doctor shortage was faced by the coastal belt where epidemics often break out. Now, all the community health centres in the coastal belt -- Pulluvila, Pozhiyur, Poovar, Vizhinjam and Puthanthoppu -- have been converted to hospitals offering 24-hour service with the appointment of more doctors under the NRHM.Apart from the present taluk hospitals in Parassalla, Nedumangadu, Chirayinkeezhu and Varakala, the government has decided to upgrade the hospitals in Attingal, Fort and Nemom to the level of taluk hospitals. \"The staff pattern of these three hospitals will now be revising which will mean that they will be getting more doctors,\" said district programme manager of NRHM Dr Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhadoi", "code": "17555460", "title": "Will never contest Lok Sabha elections, Jaya Bachchan says", "text": "BHADOI: Actor and Samajwadi Party Rajya Sabha member Jaya Bachchan has said that she would never contest Lok Sabha elections as her husband megastar Amitabh Bachchan does not want her to do so.Asked whether she plans to contest 2014 Lok Sabha election from Bhadoi, which she has announced to develop as a model district, Jaya told reporters on Sunday evening that she would not contest election from anywhere because her husband Amitabh does not wish her to do so.She said that if such a situation arises then he would ask her to sit at home.On being asked about Amar Singh's re-entry into the SP, she said that it was a closed chapter, a star which has vanished.The Rajya Sabha MP said that those who were saying that FDI came due to SP and BSP should understand that while BSP supported, SP walked out in protest.Thus saying that SP and BSP were the same was wrong, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551380", "title": "4 new dengue cases in December worry doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reporting of four new dengue cases in December has caused worry among doctors in the city, who feel the disease will no longer be summer or monsoon bound. The dengue mosquito usually does not survive in cold climes and this is a new trend in the disease this season.According to virologists though the numbers will dwindle, the tail end transmission of the virus is unusual. \"It is attributed to mutations in the different types of viruses that cause dengue,\" said Dr R K Ratho, head of the department of virology, PGI.The figures of the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme ( NVBCDP), UT, mention a total of 537 dengue cases reported till now at the various city hospitals, of which 345 are city-based. \"This has been the highest figure in the last three years. We expect the cases to slide down further,\" said Dr Anil Garg, officiating director of the NVBDCP, UT wing. \"With the mutation in the virus of the dengue, it might as well turn into a perennial disease instead of a seasonal one,\" added Garg.Owing to the prerequisite of dengue transmission that involves increase in vector mosquito breeding during the post-monsoon period, the number of cases is high between later September and November.Experts explain that as the winter sets in, the atmospheric temperature falls below 12-15 degrees celsius. With fall in humidity, the viability of eggs as well as adult mosquitoes gets compromised, which in turn reflects on human cases. \"A few dengue cases as the temperature dips are considered as natural course of the declining phase of the disease,\" said Dr Ratho.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17552003", "title": "End of the road for Zaheer Khan?", "text": "KOLKATA: It's never prudent to write off someone who has been a class act over some time, knowing that all it takes for such talent to bounce back is rediscover pride and belief.But, then, Zaheer Khan's omission from the Nagpur Test squad has come at a time when recovery and resilience have a very different ring to it for him.It's not just the skills that have deserted him, it is becoming increasingly evident that his injury-wracked body is not holding up anymore. It has left him looking lethargic and disinterested on the field, and probably has something to do with the loss of 'bite' in his bowling.What's wrong with Zaheer? His skipper was more gracious than blunt when the obvious question came up, but not before he hinted at disappointment about his hit-man performing well below expectations.\"It would be of a great help if we can find the solution as everybody is asking the same question. Maybe the batsmen are playing him better. From behind (the wicket), it looks like he's bowling in the right areas. He's bowling the same way, swinging it both ways. Maybe this is just a phase where he's not getting wickets,\" Mahendra Singh Dhoni contended, but not after saying that he had expected a little more from his seamers.\"Their fast bowlers bowled well (read better). When we took the second new ball, we couldn't get the sort of 'reverse' they got. It was more about the bounce (they got) and the length they bowled,\" Dhoni added as a veiled reprimand of the reverse-swing expert in his team.On the 34-year-old's fitness, or the lack of it, Dhoni indicated indulgence, a longer rope to someone whose skills had lent an air of 'indispensability' about him. \"As far as his fitness is concerned, he has been that way for the last few years. He's definitely not unfit,\" the skipper said.Hamstring, ankle, groin and shoulder with a nerve twitch thrown in... Zaheer has been dogged by injuries right through his career, missing many matches. He has made many a comeback, only to be let down by his body again.This is a different crisis. Possibly the biggest test for the 'comeback man'.ZAHEER IN TESTS   Matches  Wickets  Average  Best  5WI  10WM  Strike Rate  Economy  Home  38  104  35.87  5/72  3  -  70.2  3.06   Away  50  191  30.43  7/87  7  1  53.9  3.38   Total  88  295  32.35  7/87  10  1  59.7  32.5  Last 10 Tests  10  24  36.95  4/77  -  -  77.3  2.86   Home  5  7  56.00  2/59  -  -  127.5  2.63   Away  5  17  29.11  4/77  -  -  56.6  3.08- In 2012, Zaheer has claimed 15 wickets in eight Tests at an average of 49.26. - Zaheer failed to produce a single instance of four wickets in an innings in eight Tests in 2012. - Zaheer's strike rate of 97.9 this year is his worst ever in a calendar year. - Zaheer's last five-wicket haul in a Test innings was 5/94 in the Mohali Test against Australia in October 2010. - Zaheer has failed to capture five wickets in an innings in the last 15 Tests that he has played. - Zaheer's strike rate of 132.7 in three Tests against England is his worst in a Test series when he has played at least three Tests in a series. - Zaheer's bowling average of 53.25 is his worst in a series (minimum 3 Tests).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550890", "title": "Girl who attempted suicide dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old girl who had attempted suicide at her residence in Gomtipur on November 27 died at VS Hospital on Saturday evening.Police said she had taken the extreme step when she was refused a cellphone by her brother to play games.The victim, Gul Afza Bano Rangrez, a resident of Jain ni Chali, Gomtipur, was a school dropout and elder of two siblings. Her father Ismail is a labourer at a nearby unit.On November 27, she fought with her brother after he refused to hand over his cellphone to her for playing games.\"This enraged her so much that she went inside her room and hanged herself with a dupatta,\" said Gomtipur police sub-inspector J A Padhiyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550017", "title": "Is infra stress taking a toll on citizens\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 psyche?", "text": "MUMBAI: Crossing streets may be the most ubiquitous of activities during the course of a regular day. But that too may arouse stress and involve a lot of concentration. A walk through narrow or crowded streets may influence people differently from a walk through green and open spaces. If that is the case, does Mumbai's infrastructure influence the psyche of its citizens directly? A psychologist, who is part of the BMW Guggenheim Lab, would analyze how different aspects of the city affect its people's psychology. The experiment will record individual reactions to varied spaces so that the conclusions can be used for better and healthier urban planning.The project started in New York and was later undertaken in Berlin. Colin Ellard, a psychologist from the University of Waterloo, assessed how individuals reacted when exposed to different kinds of spaces in a city. Ellard's observations in both New York and Berlin showed that even a simple and oft-repeated activity like crossing roads involves a lot of concentration and even stress. \"This over a long period could take a toll on their health,\" said Ellard. He found that people were more relaxed in green spaces and anxious in crowded and narrow ones. They were happier and calmer in open spaces. There was a difference in reactions of people who were familiar with a particular place compared to those who were tourists or first-time visitors to the area. In Mumbai too, the study will focus on how enclosed and crowded spaces influence people's psychology vis-a-vis open spaces.The experiment will randomly rope in Mumbaikars and record their reactions. The volunteers would be given special bracelets which will measure the levels of stress and arousal of positive or negative excitement on exposure to a certain place. Those using smartphones would be asked to record or write down their impressions and feeling about the places they visit. \"The volunteers will branch out from Byculla and go through a variety of places to record responses,\" said Ellard. A group of eight volunteers will participate in 36 walks over a span of an hour.The findings may just provide an insight as to why Mumbaikars' are always on the edge. They could be used to design appropriate health interventions and re-think urban spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550149", "title": "Kurla businessman receives \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndian Mujahideen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 threat in letter", "text": "MUMBAI: The owner of a shop in Kurla, Paras Gupta, received a threatening letter allegedly from the banned outfit, Indian Mujahideen, asking him to stop anti-Islam propaganda. The letter, however, did not contain any of IM's symbols that the outfit has been using in emails.\"Our manager received the letter on Friday morning around 11am from a postman. It was written in English with the name of two persons written in Urdu. They had written, 'Stop your anti-Islamic propaganda and vacate Kurla. Start counting your days. You will be dead soon.' We approached the Kurla police station and lodged a complaint for criminal intimidation,\" said Gupta.The one-page letter contained two names, Abdul Jabbar and Asif Khalid, at the end, with a crescent and star. The words 'Indian Mujahideen' were typed at the top of the letter in English and Arabic. The document contained several Arabic words (wrongly written) at the beginning of the page and was not signed by anyone.Gupta's bodyguard was shot dead in 2003 and the police have shown IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal and an associate, Nasir, wanted in this case. The Vikhroli unit of ATS is also probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550498", "title": "Multilingualism keeps dementia away: Experts", "text": "HYDERABAD: With two global studies laying emphasis on the fact that knowing more than one language may protect the brain from dementia, neurologists in Hyderabad are analysing statistics from the city and the rest of south India to find a possible solution to the growing neurological disease.Dementia is a loss of brain function that occurs with certain diseases. It affects memory, thinking, language, judgement and behaviour. There are around 4.8 million patients in India suffering from dementia and any concrete proof of the relation between multilingualism and the onset of the disease can be a path-breaking find in the field for a country where even the illiterate and rural population is mostly bilingual, experts said.\"We are in the process of collecting and analysing data. As most Indians are multilingual in a normative fashion, this topic is of special interest to doctors here,\" Dr Suvarna Alladi from the department of Neurology at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) said at an ongoing global conference.Speaking at a research group meet on aphasia (disturbance in formulation and comprehension of language) and cognitive disorders, neurologists from the World Federation of Neurology explained that some studies have indicated that multilingualism may delay the onset of Alzheimer's and dementia.\"According to our studies, the onset of dementia in patients who were bilingual was nearly 4.1 years later than those who were monolingual,\" said Morris Freedman, professor of neurology from the University of Toronto, Canada.Two studies conducted in the University of Toronto, one with patients of Alzheimer's and dementia and another with only Alzheimer's patients, showed that on an average bilingualism may delay the onset of the condition by five years as knowing two or more languages improves cognitive reserve as it involves constant mental activity.Another experiment carried out there involved eight-month-old infants from bilingual and monolingual households. When showed a silent video of a woman reading sentences, the babies from bilingual families showed improved attention when the language was changed in the video although the languages in the video were not known to them.Thomas Bak, chairperson of the research group on aphasia and cognitive disorders, said that if the area of multilingualism and neurological conditions is treated as important in India, the country can become the world leader in the field.\"India has one of the strongest cognitive neurology networks outside the west and also has the largest multilingual population. It is highly possible for this country to become a global leader in this area in the next 10 years,\" he said.The four-day long global meet is being organised in association with the department of neurology, Nims, and the Alzheimer's and Related Disorders' Society of India, Hyderabad Deccan, and is endorsed by the Indian Academy of Neurology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550996", "title": "Jr Reagan's Teddy Bear is all about love, betrayal and trust", "text": "Having created a niche for himself as an actor and singer, Jr Reagan has now ventured into the directorial field with the release of his third Konkani production 'Teddy Bear'.Teddy Bear is about love, trust and betrayal. It brings to the fore the dirty games people tend to play when in a relationship and the penalty one has to pay when genuine love is misunderstood and devalued.Sasha (Keziah), only daughter of the education minister Rodrigues (Justin), is in love with college mate Vicky (Victor). Unfortunately, Vicky belongs to a poor family. One day Sasha wishes to express her love for her colleague, but fears refusal. All the same, when she meets him after a victorious cricket match, she confesses she loves him.A little later, when the lovebirds make an attempt to reveal their love to their guardians, they find ample support from Vicky's mom Mofi Braganza (Chitra) but blind refusal from Sasha's dad. What happens between the two is worth watching during the second half of the drama. The trials and tribulations faced by those genuinely in love and the wicked plans worked out by their parents have been highlighted in the drama.Keziah and Victor have played their characters well. Justin and Chitra do full justice to their roles as guardians. Evon and Sylvester Vaz have given their best in their negative roles. Jr Reagan in a character role wins the hearts of the spectators.Comic interludes by Black Berry (Pitush), Takdish (Humbert) and Kenny provide the audience much reason to laugh. Some of the scenes introduced between the acts are worth watching.Songs by Sylvester Vaz, Chitra/Keziah, Jr Reagan, Mini Mario, Conception/Seby de Divar are worth listening to. Two songs 'Monisponnachem Ghor' by Seby de Divar and 'Facebook-ak Patienaka' by Reagan/Keziah have a unique message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17551368", "title": "Pakistan senate members offer chadder in dargah", "text": "AJMER: A delegation of members of the Pakistan senate offered chadder in the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti on Sunday and prayed for better bilateral relations between India and Pakistan. They were delighted at the opportunity to visit the dargah.The head of the delegation Sayeed Nayar Hussein Bhukhari said, \"This is the first time when such an exchange between parliamentary committees has taken place between the two countries and it will help improve relations between the nations.\"He added that they had visited the parliament of India and found it a good system of democracy, \"The democratic system in Pakistan has also been improved and now people have the right to decide things,\" Bhukhari added. He informed the delegation met the president and prime minster of India and said such exchanges will enable both the countries to know each other in a better way.Head of the Pakistan delegation said, \"The series of talks started between India and Pakistan will certainly yield results and people in both the countries are looking for a new start.\"\"The delegation was happy at the opportunity to visit the dargah here,\" said Sayeed Natik Chishty, khadim of the Pakistan delegation.Speaking on the issue of temple demolition in Sindh, senate member of Sindh state Hari Ram attributed the act to some anti-social elements in Pakistan, \"Every country has such type of elements who want to destroy the peace and order,\" said Hari Ram.He further said the rights of minorities in Pakistan are strict as in India, \"When the incident took place in Sindh, the Pak government took the matter seriously and now peace is restored in the region,\" added the senator.The delegation avoided talking on the controversial issue of Sabarjeet and inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555739", "title": "Perfect System will ensure transparency", "text": "MYSORE: To enhance the quality of life at government-run hostels, Mysore ZP is planning to partner with students to manage the hostels through 'Prefect System'.One student will be assigned to interact with the hostel warden and other staff. The student will have the right to supervise and check the account bills. \"Apart from academic pressure and the strain of staying away from home, the students have to brave unkempt rooms and sub-standard food at government hostel for backward communities, tribal and social welfare hostels. Officials do not provide what is designed for students in order to address their problems. Perfect System will address such concerns,\" said ZP CEO M N Ajay Nagabhushan.It is learnt that most of the facilities meant for students land in wrong hands. To overcome this, ZP officials called a group of students from each hostel and recorded their grievances. It was then decided to implement Prefect System, he said.Under the system, a student will be appointed each month. (S)He will be appointed in a hostel to monitor the activities.Along with hostel officer, the student will look into the affairs of hostel, be it cooking, buying groceries and settling bills. \"They will also maintain an attendance register of staff,\" Nagabhushan said.The system has twin advantages: students will be made to take up responsibility, and looking after the affairs creates a sort of competition among them as to who manages the hostel in a best way. Secondly, it ensures transparency in the administration, the CEO explained.Nagabhushan said that there are about 46 post-matric hostels across the district. Revenue officer, corporation officer or any senior officer will be appointed as a mentor, and (s)he will be in charge of 4-5 hostels. The new system will come into effect in all hostels in the district by December-end, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550015", "title": "3 women bag-lifters held from Indira Gandhi International Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three women have been apprehended from the Indira Gandhi International Airport for allegedly stealing handbags of female fliers.Bosia (65), Saroja (55) and Rohini (25) were handed over to Delhi Police on Sunday after the CISF nabbed them after tracking their suspicious activities for few days. \"When information of the theft of the bags of the female passengers came to CISF, CCTV footage was thoroughly viewed and after repeated observation of footage, it appeared that female bag lifters stole the bags during rush hours outside Terminal 3.\"These bag lifters were identified and their photos provided to CISF surveillance team to nab them. On Saturday, at 2300 hrs CISF surveillance team observed that those female bag lifters were present outside Terminal 1-D,\" CISF spokesperson Hemendra Singh said.It was confirmed through CCTV footage that they were the same female bag lifters who were seen in the CCTV footage in connection with two of the bag lifting cases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550541", "title": "New \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctraffic bulb\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to ease flow of vehicles", "text": "NOIDA: To ease traffic movement in the city, Noida Authority has begun work on construction of a new 'traffic bulb' over the stretch between the bridge over Shahdara Drain and the roundabout of Sector 1. The work has been undertaken at a cost of around Rs 1.5 crore.The stretch on which the U-turn is being constructed separates Sectors 14 and 15 of Noida and is expected to ease movement of vehicles coming from these two areas.As per Noida Authority, work on this bulb is expected to be completed by March.Authority officials said that the bulb would have a 8m curvature to allow vehicles of all sizes, including heavy motors, to pass through easily.The width of the bulb itself would be of 18 metres, and 12m space would be left on either side of the bulb to allow passage of vehicles travelling straight towards Sector 14A.\"There would be no closures during the construction period. Work will be done in a manner so as not to hamper vehicular movement,\" said AK Goel, PE (Civil), Noida Authority.Construction of the bulb has been undertaken by work circle-I of Noida Authority. When the bulb opens, vehicles coming from Sector 15 would no longer be required to travel to Sector 15A to take a U-turn to go towards Sector 14, Udyog Marg and New Ashok Nagar on the Delhi border.At present, vehicles coming from Sector 15 use the cut in front of Sector 15A to make a U-turn and then travel over the Sector 14A flyover to go towards Sector 1 and other areas. Around 2km of distance is expected be cut down by using this traffic bulb.\"The bulb would enable motorists to cross over to the road in front of Sector 14 to travel towards Sector 1,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17554245", "title": "Devpt sees light of the day in Gumla region", "text": "GUMLA: Residents of the Maoist-affected areas in the district are now happy with the government's development initiatives for which they had to wait for years enduring many hardships.Over 40,000 people, mostly tribals from more than 38 hinterland villages of this Red bastion, had to remain cut off from block and district headquarters during every rainy season. Now most parts of Albert Ekka, Dumri and Chainpur blocks in the district have got connectivity.\"There were no alternative means of communication to take patient to hospitals,\" said Philip Kujur, a social activist of the region. Visiting block headquarters and the district town compounded their trouble. The geography of the region has placed the people in tough locations with big and small rivers flowing serpentine through all the blocks. Sankh, North and South Koel, Kanji, Lawa, Safi, Lafri, Basa, Ankuri and Charki are prominent rivers in the region.\"The residents here had been demanding construction of bridges for the past several years. During elections, many representations for road connectivity were submitted by the locals,\" said Shushil Lakra of Chainpur.Now the situation has changed. Several rivers have been bridged offering relief to hitherto isolated habitations, he added.Bridges have been constructed near Bardih, Urru, and Sivil villages across the North Koel river alone. \"Over 5,000 people of Naxalite-hit Bardih panchayat had to remain cut off from both Chainpur block headquarters and district town of Gumla during the rains, while the patients had to suffer the most,\" Handu Bhagat, a resident of the area and member of the district council here, said. \"Constriction of these bridges has ushered in a new era of development for residents of this panchayat.\"Kanji river has been connected through bridge at four places, while a long bridge has been constructed at Dumartarn across Basa river, said Dumri BDO Ratan Kumar. Around 2,000 people of Udni and Jurrum villages and thousands of others have now easy communication to the outside world, he said.A long bridge connecting Albert Ekka block to Dumri block has also came up near Srinagar over Sankh river. Another bridge was also built on the river near Keddeng village on Keddeng linking over 6,000 residents of two panchayats of Chhichhwani and Janawal with the block headquarters, said Chainpur BDO Veena Prabha.Approximately, 10,000 residents of Gobindpur and Jarda panchayat of Alber Ekka block will be benefited by the construction of a bridge across Lawa river, assistant engineer A K Gupta said. Meral, Sisikaramtoli and Sikri panchayats of Albert Ekka block could reach Dumri block office with ease now. \"Work for around 18 brides were taken up under the state government's ambitious Mukhya Mantri Gram Setu Yojna (MMGSY), while several of them of them have been completed in remote locations of three blocks in the district,\" said executive engineer of the rural development special division Gumla Naval Kishore.The government sanctioned these projects for the development of far-flung blocks, he said adding bridges were also constructed or being built in Bishunpur, Ghaghra and other blocks areas in the district under the MMGSY.\"Around 15 small bridges have also been built across small rivers in the district under the centrally-sponsored Integrated Action Plan (IAP) and Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) in the three blocks too,\" said deputy development commissioner Punai Oraon. \"Completion of a strengthening-cum widening road project from Manjhatoli to Dumri and further Mahuwtarn in Latehar district via Chainpur block which is now underway will give a new communication network to this route.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17550357", "title": "Discom relief to consumers on load extension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Power Distribution Corporations have decided to give relief to applicants seeking extension of load. The applicants will now be required to pay advance consumption security for the extended load as per existing rates, an official release said.This was decided at a meeting of Discoms chaired by Chairman and Managing Director Devender Singh here, it said.Earlier, the applicants were required to pay for the existing load as well as extended load as per the existing charges.The Discoms will launch a voluntary disclosure of load scheme from January 1 next year in Haryana, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555720", "title": "Traffic jam? Blame it on statue in rotary", "text": "BHOPAL: Blame slow movement of vehicles at many busy traffic junctions in Bhopal on political compulsions. One may find it surprising, but trust officials when they say so. Experts swear that installing traffic signals by reducing rotary size is no solution. They assert the two cannot co-exist -traffic lights and rotaries. Rather, the problem can be dealt with by doing away with roundabouts. But it is easier said than done. As statues of famous persons stand in middle of most rotaries in the city, any attempt to remove roundabouts would mean removal of statues. This is one step all would like to keep safe distance from because of political ramifications.\"Removing rotaries is not possible since there are statues of personalities at the centre. In such a condition, the civic authority is left with no option but to reduce the size of the rotary, leaving the statue intact and to put a traffic light on such a square. The same has been done at MP Nagar and Jyoti Talkies square,\" Rajneesh Shrivastava, commissioner Bhopal Municipal Corporation, said.Regarding the size of the rotaries, the BMC pointed out that bigger the size, the better the rotary. Traffic circles at MP Nagar and Jyoti Talkies are not technically rotaries. The small traffic circles have been kept intact just for the sake of the statues, BMC officials said.However, the traffic authorities stressed that both rotaries and signals on a single square is not right and that civic authorities should replace huge rotaries with signals.Additional superintendent of police (traffic) Monika Shukla said \"We have written to the civic authorities regarding the huge rotaries at several important intersections in the city like the one at Retghat which connects the VIP road, the rotary in front of MP Nagar police station and a few others. Besides, both rotaries and signal light at an intersection is also technically incorrect.\"On the other hand, the BMC pointed towards the political compulsions due to which such rotaries cannot be cleared completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550875", "title": "Doctor held for sex determination test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Bhagubhai Chuadhari running Sharada Maternity and Surgical nursing home in Visnagar town was caught red-handed telling sex of the foetus in a sting operation carried out by the district health team of Mehsana.Dr Chaudhari is a habitual offender and his operations were under suspicion by the collector office as two prior cases were registered against him in 2004 and 2007 under the Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.District collector Rajkumar Beniwal said crack down on the doctors suspected of violating the PCPNDT Act was intensified as the census 2011 showed that sex ratio in Mehsana continued to be alarmingly skewed at 845 girls per 1,000 boys. This has been mainly attributed to sex selection by the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques such as ultrasound or sonography and subsequent female feticide. Mehsana currently ranks 25th among the 26 states of Gujarat which is quite disturbing.Beniwal said that Dr Choudhari was on their watch list since the past four months as there were persistent tip offs that he was conducting sex determination and abortion of the female foetus charging couples a hefty price. A pregnant woman was readied as a decoy and a sting operation carried out in the last week of November.\"The doctor carried out sex determination of the foetus at a cost of Rs 10,500 which is around 10 times the cost of a normal sonography test. The health team also found many such pregnant women who had come from as far as Pali in Rajasthan for sex determination. It was also found that the doctor conducted their abortion in case a female foetus was identified,\" Beniwal said.On the basis of this information, senior officials inspected the premises and recovered Rs 9,500 of matching serial numbers as those spent by the decoy team. \"A total of Rs 1,39,230 cash without any receipts or details of patients was seized from him. Many other irregularities were also found in the clinic not only violating the provisions of the PC &PNDT; Act, but also other regulations,\" an official from the district collectorate said.The entire sting operation and subsequent raid and inspection was video graphed which will now be sent to the forensic laboratory for further analysis. \"An FIR was registered against Dr Chaudhari leading to his arrest. He was sent to extended police remand till Friday. Further investigations are being conducted by the police in consultation with me and a doctor from the PCPNDT cell in Gandhinagar ,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17554726", "title": "Chain snatching cases on rise in Ujjain", "text": "Ujjain: Four incidents of chain snatching in a month's time has raised a question mark on the efficiency of police patrolling in the city. Women are now scared of wearing ornaments, particularly while riding two wheelers.The latest victim is Preeti Jain, wife of Girish Jain, a resident of Abdalpura. Snatchers, riding a motorbike, targeted her near Khajurwali Masjid in old city area on Saturday evening. She has filed a report at Jiwajiganj police station, saying that the chain was worth over Rs 50000. Notably, the spot is densely populated, but the culprits managed to flee successfully.Similarly, a woman professor was targeted on Madhav Club Road on Friday afternoon when she was returning from the college on her scooty. The victim sustained injuries after falling from the vehicle when miscreants hit her two-wheeler. As the chain was artificial, she did not turn to the police.Another professor, Kalpana Sanger, had become the victim in new city area on November 12 whereas Neelima Swarnakar, a resident of Rishinagar, was targeted on December 3.Police sources said some 17 incidents of chain snatching have already taken place in the current year. The police have put barricades at 18 points in the city and constables, both men and women, have been deployed to frisk suspected persons, but no breakthrough could be achieved.Ujjain police have also received nine PCR vans recently from the headquarters which have been allotted to nine police stations in city limits. But the steps seem futile in creating terror among the miscreants.In view of frequent incidents, women have been avoiding travelling on scooter and moped. \"My husband has clearly instructed me either to leave the mangalsutra at home or use city bus to go to the market,\" said homemaker Abha Shah who used to do her day to day chores on scooter in the past.Asked, SP, Rakesh Gupta, said chain snatching is a typical type of urban crime and victims often are unable to offer any clues about the miscreants. Disagreeing that there was an increase in snatching cases, the SP claimed that the culprits would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551196", "title": "Satyajit Ray Film &amp; Television Institute in a fix over suspension", "text": "KOLKATA: The Satyajit Ray Film &amp; Television Institute (SRFTI) is in a fix over the suspension of a group of eight students on charges of ragging last week.Two of the students in question, who face a possible expulsion from the institute, are in their final year and were about to shoot a diploma film along with other students. Their suspension could stall the films without which none of the others in the batch will be eligible for a degree either. An enquiry report on the ragging incident is expected next week.Final-year students at SRFTI are required to make a short film at the end of the course. Teams of four students each are formed for the purpose. Shot on a shoe-string budget at the studio on campus and at outdoor locations, the films are an important part of the students' assessment.\"Two of the suspended students were part of such teams. Unless they are reinstated, their teams would be in trouble. The loss of even one member would hinder the work for they have to shoot the film, edit and record sound all by themselves in a short span of time. Without proper replacements, the others will not be able to do the job,\" said Dipankar Mukherjee, registrar of the institute.The diploma films are to be shot in January for which ten teams have already been formed. \"Students start fanning out into the districts by late December. The film is important for it's the final proof of the students' skills. At SFRTI, practical lessons and skills are given more importance than theory. So, we might be forced to hire professionals to help students complete the shooting,\" said Mukherjee.On November 29, eight students were suspended on November 29 on charges of ragging first-year students. Around 18 of them, including four girls, were allegedly detained on the terrace of the hostel and heckled for three consecutive nights. One of the girls called Mukherjee and informed him about the incident. A preliminary enquiry identified two final-year students and six second-year students as guilty. Two of them were habitual offenders on 'probation'.However, a section of the teachers, on the other hand, alleged that the authorities were looking for excuses to let the guilty students go unpunished. \"The diploma film is the latest on the list of these excuses. It has become a tradition at SRFTI to let students get away with indiscipline. In this case, the offence is of a far more serious nature.The students have abused, heckled and even threatened their juniors. Four first-year girls were threatened with sexual assault. But the authorities are still trying to shield these students on the pretext of saving their careers,\" said a teacher.He also pointed out that the authorities have flouted rules by not lodging an FIR against the erring students. \"An FIR is compulsory whenever there is a ragging complaint. In this case, they kept postponing the FIR and eventually it was not lodged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17555194", "title": "Former MCC mayors are set to lose wards", "text": "MANGALORE: The reservation matrix to the 60 wards of Mangalore City Corporation (MCC), released by the urban development department, has put political parties in a fix. While a handful of the sitting corporators including Mayor Gulzaar Banu will get an opportunity to contest again from their existing wards, others will have to test their electoral fortunes from new wards facing new challenges.This is all the more critical for former mayors barring M Shankar Bhat of the BJP who has categorically stated he would not contest in the city corporation polls ever again. \"I have enjoyed the privilege of being the first citizen of the city, chief whip of the ruling party and have been on the various standing committees. I had informed my leaders two years in advance of my decision and there is no reconsidering it,\" he said.K Ashraf of the Congress said he would seek a reelection to the civic body from the Bunder ward. An aspirant for the state assembly ticket, Ashraf, currently the sitting corporator of the Port ward said, \"I will be going back to my earlier Bunder ward from where I have won twice.\"Asserting that his chances are bright, Ashraf said, \"The works that I have done for my present and old wards as mayor should bolster my local electoral fortunes.\"Gulzaar Banu, who too has thrown her hat in the ring for a ticket from the Congress for the Mangalore City North assembly seat, will be seeking re-election from the Katipalla (3) North ward. \"Congress had fielded me there last time from a general seat and this time the ward is reserved for general woman,\" Gulzaar said. Interestingly, it remains to be seen if she can buck the trend of a mayor in the last term of the house not getting reelected.M Shashidhar Hegde and Mohammad Aziz of the Congress, Ganesh Hosabettu and Rajani Dugganna of the BJP are all expected to seek reelection from adjoining or nearby wards from what they are currently representing.Aziz is not a member of the current house and is eying the ward represented by independent corporator Mariamma Thomas. Shashidhar Hegde is expected to switch to his old Derebail (3) South ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549833", "title": "Cash transfer scheme hits UID wall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sushma emerged from a dingy room at the end of a dark corridor of a building crowded with families of daily labourers in Indira Col8ony in IP Extension area, east Delhi. She reveals a bank passbook from a carefully wrapped plastic pouch. The passbook bears her name. Identified as a beneficiary of the Delhi government's ambitious \"Cash for Food\" programme \"Annshri Yojana\" Sushma now has a no-frills account to receive the Rs 600 cash subsidy for her family. But the account has no value for now as she has been denied enrolment for a UID Aadhaar number in the absence of an identity proof. The UID is a must to get the benefit of the scheme.The scheme will turn functional on the ground on December 15 in the presence of UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi. Its launch comes at a critical juncture with just a year left for the Delhi assembly polls.Case studies from Indira Colony, an area with a high density of families who do not hold BPL or Antyodaya ration cards, show that people know little or nothing about the scheme but are eager to jump onto the \"Annshri bandwagon\".Even as the government harps on the cash subsidy as an attempt to ensure food security, most beneficiaries see the subsidy as a saving for needs that go beyond food. 60-year-old Shanti Devi said the Rs 600 can be saved by families for the marriage of their daughter, school fees of children and medical expenses. Food was the last thing on her mind and she admitted that subsidized rations has its advantages and cater to the food requirements of the family. For Shanti too lack of an identity proof is coming in the way of her UID enrollment. \"Humein to koi pehchann chahiye (I just want an identity?),\" she said.Sushma elaborates on her Annshri experience. She comes from Moradabad has no photo ID proof to get a UID registration. There are many like her who have been identified as beneficiaries but their hopes of getting benefit of the scheme appear distant. Under the scheme the bank account where the monthly cash subsidy will be released has to be in the name of lady of the house. Ironically, in Sushma's case her husband Babu Lal has been issued a UID number as he has a voter ID card. There are many more like Sushma in this colony, who despite being verified by the GRC coordinators as per the state government's directive were refused enrollment for Aadhaar for UID at a station set up at the east district level by the UIDAI, revealed the community mobilizers working here.Mission Convergence director Santosh Vaidya said the programme coordinators in the 140 NGO-run Gender Resource Centres, who are in charge of reaching out to beneficiaries, have been authorized to act as verifiers to enable registration under UID for all such cases where identity proof is not available. These cases only reveal that awareness on enrollment process under Annshri needs to be enhanced and there is need for better coordination between the state and the UIDAI.Starting December 15, the lady of the house - wife, mother, eldest daughter or daughter-in-law -- from families enrolled under the Delhi government's flagship food security program \"Dilli Annshri Yojana\" will be able to withdraw a monthly Rs 600 food subsidy from their very own no frills bank account. Their fool proof identification as a beneficiary will come from their biometric imprints generated as part of the \"Aadhar Unique Identity\" introduced as a mandatory provision to prevent duplication under the scheme.Under the ongoing enrollment process the government has to enroll all 4.87 lakh beneficiaries by March 31, 2013. They have been identified as a per a 2009 state survey of vulnerable households. The enrollment was officially launched on Gandhi Jayanti on October 2, is critical for both the Delhi CM who is gearing up to seek a fourth term in power next year and the Congress at the Centre which will face the voters for a third term in the parliamentary polls% in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17554686", "title": "Normal life disrupted in Kashmir due to strike", "text": "SRINAGAR: Normal life in Kashmir was disrupted on Monday with shops and business establishments remaining closed in many places due to a strike called by separatist JKLF.The strike call was supported by the High Court Bar Association and both factions of Hurriyat Conference.While public transport remained off roads, few private cars could be seen plying in the city and other major towns of the Valley.Though most of the educational institutions remained closed, colleges remained open in view of the university examinations.JKLF had on December 3 called for a general strike on the International Human Rights Day commemorated worldwide on December 10 to protest against life imprisonment awarded to two of its senior leaders by a TADA court in Jammu.A JKLF spokesman said all the top leaders of the pro-independence group, including Yasin Malik, are sitting on a hunger strike near the group's headquarter in Maisuma locality here.\"The hunger strike is going on as planned and the torch protests and candle-light march will be held in the evening,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17549750", "title": "Tailenders give Delhi lead, Karnataka openers fight back", "text": "BANGALORE: Once a team had been bowled out for 192 on a track that was mostly well behaved even if it sported a fair bit of grass, the contest as such should have been over.But with fortunes flowing and ebbing constantly between two sides equally ill-equipped to take advantage of a good thing, the Group 'B' Ranji Trophy clash between Karnataka and Delhi was left well poised going into the penultimate day.Day Two began with Delhi resuming on 44 for two and ended with Karnataka, trailing by 66 runs on the first innings, leading by 70 runs with all 10 wickets in hand.To boot, there was a period when Karnataka looked like grabbing the first honours as well, but then Delhi recovering from 144 for six, thanks to a most enterprising 74 (99m, 61b, 13x4, 2x6) from pacer Parvinder Awana, who learnt about his India call-up while in the middle, managed to push their total to 258.Post that Awana special on a sunny Sunday at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, it was Karnataka's turn again as their openers Robin Uthappa (77 batting, 160m, 113b, 12x4) and KL Rahul (53 batting, 160m, 74b, 9x4), batting with fair freedom, posted the maiden century stand for the first wicket this season to help the hosts finish on a promising 136 for no loss.It all started with a beauty of a delivery from Karnataka skipper Vinay Kumar to his opposite number Shikhar Dhawan. Beginning the day on a well-made 38, Dhawan was yet to add a run when he a got a ball that kicked and moved before taking the edge for wicketkeeper CM Gautam to pouch the first of his six catches in the innings.Vaibhav Rawal (48), dropped by Manish Pandey raised 51 (57b) for the fifth wicket with Rajat Bhatia. Their twin dismissals and that of Punit Bisht in-between, all three in the space of five runs, brought Karnataka back in but then Delhi responded with some firepower of their own.The day's fluctuations weren't done as yet. Awana returning with the ball, his India call-up confirmed, failed to add to his first innings tally of five wickets. With young Rahul matching Uthappa stroke for stroke, Karnataka's resurgence had begun again. Both were let off towards the end of the day in fading light, Awana being the sufferer both times, but then it simply summed up the kind of day it was.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17551217", "title": "Ara hooch toll increases to 35", "text": "ARA: The death toll in Ara hooch tragedy increased to 35 on Sunday. Bodies of people who died after consuming spurious liquor continued to reach Ara Sadar Hospital for postmortem examination for the third consecutive day on Sunday. As per the list available at Ara Sadar Hospital, 30 bodies were brought over to the hospital for postmortem. The police recovered 11 bodies from different places in Ara and brought them over to Ara Sadar Hospital for postmortem late Saturday evening and Sunday morning. Family members of five deceased persons reportedly performed the last rites without informing the police, sources said.Eleven persons including four women on Friday and 15 persons including two women on Saturday, mostly Mahadalits of Anaith locality under Nawada police station and a few localities under Town PS in Bhojpur district died after consuming hooch late December 6. The police also brought four bodies from Anaith locality under Nawada PS to Sadar Hospital on Sunday morning for autopsy.Meanwhile, hundreds of residents of Anaith locality and family members of the deceased blocked Ara-Sasaram main road near Anaith Mathia under Nawada PS with the body of Nageshwar Yadav alias Mochhi, for about two hours in protest against the sale of spurious liquor, police inaction against liquor sellers and brewers and non-payment of amount under 'Kabir Antyeshti scheme' and family security scheme even after three days of the incident. The police resorted to lathicharge to disperse the agitating crowd in which half-a-dozen persons received minor injuries.Bhojpur SP M R Naik said the liquor had been purchased from a licensed liquor shop at Bihari Mill under Nawada PS and was distributed in Anaith locality. He said that he raided Anaith locality, Ara railway station and other areas along with the excise department sleuths and arrested five persons __ Sanjay Singh, Rakesh Singh, Pappu Chaudhary, Mohan Sao and Manoj Yadav. A named FIR had been lodged with the police under Nawada PS. He said that he himself raided a godown.The SP said that Rakesh Singh had a godown in the house of one, Sanjay Bahadur, said to be his partner.. The SP further said that he seized liquor in large quantity and pouches from the adjacent room of the godown and sent them to the excise department and the forensic science laboratory to ascertain whether the liquor contained chemical compounds. He said the godown and the shop at Bihari Mill were sealed. He said that Sanjay Bahadur was at large. He stated that three of them were sent to jail while two are in police custody.The SP informed that altogether 22 persons were arrested till the time of reporting and 25 hooch-brewing factories were destroyed. He added that 9,438 litres of countrymade liquor, 350 litres of mahua and 10 bottles of malta were seized. Dr B K Shukla said symptom showed that the liquor contained methyl alcohol which was fatal.Principal secretary, excise department, Sandeep Paundrik, Patna commissioner E Bala Prasad, Zonal IG, Patna, Bhrigu Srinivasan and DIG, Shahabad range, Ajitabh Kumar, visited the incident site Saturday evening to take stock of the situation. They confirmed that all the deaths were due to consumption of the spurious liquor. Sadar SDO Dharmesh Kumar said that cheques worth Rs 20,000 were given to family members of each of the deceased persons who died on December 7, and whose names were in the BPL list. Cheques worth Rs 20,000 were being given to the kin of the deceased who died on December 8. He added that the district administration had organized a relief camp in Anaith locality and distributed foodgrains and blankets among the family members of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17554012", "title": "Cuttack residents appalled by foul smell of garbage", "text": "CUTTACK: Residents of the Cuttack Development Authority (CDA) area in the Silver City are fed up with the problem of indiscriminate dumping of garbage. This causes severe repulsion to the citizens who feel that the civic body should take a tough stand on people who are spoiling the environment of one of the fastest growing areas in the city.While apartments, houses, hospitals and schools have mushroomed in the area in the recent years, people have started dumping waste in the empty sites indiscriminately. Heaps of garbage are the most common sites now in the CDA area. The dumping yards have also become shelters for stray pigs, dogs and reptiles.\"Vacant sites filled with garbage have become an eyesore. The foul smell emanating from these places is unbearable for people living in the surrounding areas. These sites have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. The corporation must take action against this,\" said Sharmistha Mohanty, a resident of Sector 7 area.Sources said people, who are settled abroad, often purchase land here and leave it idle for years until they get a good price to sell. Many such plots are now slowly turning into mini dump yards. \"We have asked our staff to remove garbage from every nook and corner of the ward, but the labourers are collecting garbage only once. People and residential organizations should cooperate with the authorities and keep all empty sites clean,\" Hrusikesha Beuri, corporator of ward no.3, said.Mayor Soumendra Ghose admitted to TOI that dumping garbage in empty areas has become rampant in CDA area. \"We are looking into the matter and trying to create awareness among citizens. We have installed dustbins but hardly anybody uses them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17555889", "title": "Guwahati police to work extra hrs to dispose pending cases", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to dispose the huge numbers of pending cases at the 21 police stations here, the city police have planned to run a special exercise to effect faster disposal of these cases. At present, there are over 17,000 cases waiting to be disposed in the police stations over the last two years.As the police department has been suffering from acute manpower shortage here, this time the police have decided to dedicate extra hours to deal with the pending cases.\"As per plan, every police station will spare extra hours to write the reports of the pending cases. Every officer in charge of their respective police stations will ensure that the investigating officers treat their pending cases for their faster disposal. This special exercise can be done in the evening time or any other suitable time period of the day. But it should continue on an everyday basis,\" said city SSP A P Tiwari.Currently, out of the sanctioned posts of 210 sub-inspectors (SI) who actually investigate the cases, the city police only have 166 SIs, leaving 44 posts vacant. With more than 17,000 cases pending, every investigating officer has more than a 100 cases on him.\"In all these pending cases, maximum cases are of robbery, theft, car-lifting, human trafficking and crime against women. There are many false cases too in the list,\" added a senior police official in the crime branch.In the city, Dispur police station has the highest numbers of cases. Over 1500 cases have been registered in the Dispur police station alone till October this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552193", "title": "Innovation courses", "text": "The Central University of Orissa, Koraput, within four years of its establishment, has plans to introduce new innovation programmes to be implemented from 2013 onwards. The university, which was set up as one of the 15 new central universities by Parliament under the Central Universities Act, 2009, has around 500 students enrolled at present.The university, at present, offers only postgraduate programmes in various disciplines and plans to introduce innovation-based programmes in education technology , rural BPOs, etc, along with setting up an incubation centre for fusion of interdisciplinary ideas.According to Surabhi Banerjee, vice-chancellor , Central University of Orissa, innovation is the university's key area of vision. \"Even at present, the courses in law, biodiversity and conservation of natural resources, journalism and mass communication studies, have innovation components in the course curriculum. We plan to introduce new courses such as rural BPOs, which are relevant to the needs of the market.\" As for the need of an incubation centre, she says, the model has worked well in developed countries . Young minds of students are creative and dynamic. They have ideas, which need to be given space and consideration.But what they don't have is a proper set-up , hence, the incubation centre, where these ideas could be worked out. Also, it would enable interface with research institutions. The university has students from all parts of the country. Banerjee says that we work with a pan-India perspective. The university is located in a remote region and was started with hurdles of inaccessibility, lack of proper infrastructure and material resources . But now we are building up on the infrastructure and have submitted a proposal to the higher authorities for more courses, faculty and buildings. As soon as half the township is ready, we will be able to start undergraduate courses as well.At present, the university has two hostels, while two more are in the pipeline. The total number of seats is 30 for each programme. It is also mulling on starting management courses in the future so that students find a market in the state and do not need to go elsewhere, seeking better opportunities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550231", "title": "BEST conductor tries to save cardiac patient", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite efforts by a BEST bus conductor, a 68-year-old passenger, Ramsagar Sureshprasad Singh, died after suffering a heart attack on bus number 442 from Mulund to Bandra on Sunday.The conductor, Nivrutti Patil, ensured that Singh was shifted to a hospital, 3 km away, within 15 minutes of the attack, but in vain. BEST PRO Virendra Bagul said, \"Near Bhandup station, Patil saw that Singh had collapsed. He noticed a police wireless van and quickly got down. Patil and requested the cops to ferry the victim to a hospital.\" Singh was admitted around 8am, but was declared dead. He had suffered a cardiac arrest, officials said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17550473", "title": "Pak fires along LoC, violates truce 4th time in 5 days", "text": "JAMMU: Pakistan troops on Saturday opened unprovoked fire on Indian posts along the Line of Control ( LoC) in Poonch district, Jammu and Kashmir, official sources said. This is the fourth ceasefire violation by Pakistan in the last five days.\"The firing started at around 7:30pm and continued till 11:30pm on Saturday. The Army retaliated effectively. There was no loss of life or injury to anyone,\" a defence ministry spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555373", "title": "Never blamed party: VS Achuthanandan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: VS Achuthanandan on Sunday came out clarifying that he never blamed the party or its leadership for conspiring to oust him from the opposition leader's post.\"I have never said that the party or the party leaders were behind my ousting. My statement was clear on this and the media should not make any wrong interpretation,'' said Achuthanandan.After the high court single bench verdict in the land allotment case, Achuthanandan had alleged a conspiracy to oust him and had claimed that the land deal case itself was a conspiracy scripted by chief minister Oommen Chandy and industry minister PK Kunhalikutty.Soon after Achuthanandan had made the statement, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vjayan had expressed his displeasure.\"It is not Oommen Chandy or PK Kunhalikutty who decide the opposition leader. It is the party that decides such things,'' Vijayan had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551562", "title": "Dostoevsky wrote such big books. Was it the weather?", "text": "MUMBAI: If they weren't \"dam aged individuals\", as Jeet Thayil puts it they wouldn't be sit ting in a room writing even when the weather is beautiful and they could be, as he suggests swimming. Four popular con temporary writers\u00e2\u20ac\u201dThayil Daniyal Mueenuddin, Rana Dasgupta and Anjali Josephgathered at the TOI Literary Carnival on Sunday to tell why and how they write what they write with some prompting from Nilanjana Roy.The writers took a risk Apparently, discussing the \"process\" is a \"dangerous\" thing to do. If you talk about what worked (again Thayil you may never get it back Either way, you have to work hard. Waiting for inspiration is no good; Thayil, whose de but novel Narcopolis, made it to the Man Booker short list declares it \"highly overrat ed\". Perspiration, he says, is of greater value. Mueenud din, whose volume of short stories, In Other Rooms, Oth er Wonders was a Pulitzer fi nalist, says something much the same\u00e2\u20ac\u201d\" You think I'll have this done in six months and it's seven years and all you've done is hang around and smoke cigarettes.\" Prac tice helps too\u00e2\u20ac\u201dDasgupta (his Solo won the Commonwealth Prize) used to write stories for friends as presents and Joseph (author of Saraswati Park, which won the Betty Trask Prize, and Another Country) has always written and always felt \"quite pleased\" with what she wrote And sometimes, difficult weather conditions will do the trick. \"The Russians wrote so much and such big books\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit was the weather,\" jokes Thayil.To launch into a new book Dasgupta starts with \"im pulses of total ignorance and emptiness.\" And also, stories that have been neglected Hence his interest in Bulgar ia, which is, in his words \"almost legendarily uninter esting\". It's also about finding the \"nuggets\" of stories, as Mueenuddin puts it, and giv ing them life. \"We go around the world with hoovers and find these stories.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17551845", "title": "Nurse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ailing mother kept in dark about death", "text": "MANGALORE: The news of the death of Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at London's King Edward VII Hospital, has not yet been conveyed to her ailing mother Carmine Saldanha. The family members have kept her under sedation as she is having cardiac problems.A close family member told TOI, \"We are in a difficult situation and don't know how to convey the sad news to her. Going by her condition, we think it is not wise to tell her.... \" The family members say that Jacintha's husband, Benedict Barbozais also finding it tough to cope with the difficult situation. Ben, who is now in London, and Jacintha have two children , Junal (16) and Lisha (14).The post-mortem report is likely to be released on Monday in London.Jacintha did her pre-university at St Agnes College. She studied at Fr Muller Nursing College from 1985 to 1989 and later worked for two years, before leaving for Muscat. Natalia Martis , her batchmate at Fr Muller, said, \"I'm shocked. She is not the kind of person who will commit suicide. I cannot believe it. She was a very nice girl and mingled with all. She knew how to manage a crisis well.''Sr Aileen Mathias, chief nursing officer at Fr Muller Medical College and Hospital, said, \"Jacintha was jovial and dedicated to her work.'' Sr Aileen , who was a year junior to Jacintha , became close to her as they both had night duties on several occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17552290", "title": "Help for inter-caste lovers during times of intolerance", "text": "COIMBATORE: At a time when inter-caste marriages are triggering caste conflicts due to the involvement of certain caste and community based political outfits, Thanthai Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam (TPDK) is setting an example by conducting its 175th inter-caste marriage in Coimbatore city on Sunday evening. K Ramakrishnanan, General Secretary of TPDK said that their cadres will continue to support such marriages and will not allow caste conflict to create social unrest.S Kannan, 26, hailing from Kumarapuram in Virudhunagar district, completed his diploma in textile technology and took up a job as service engineer in a private firm in Coimbatore. He travelled across the country on work. As luck would have it, a year and a half ago, he met Priyanka Rathore (21) a native of Jobat taluk in Madhya Pradesh. She had completed her B.Tech (Textile technology) and is working in a private firm in Delhi.\"I used to visit Delhi to repair textile machines. I met Priyanka Rathore during one of my visits and we became friends. Eventually, we fell in love and decided to get married. Without informing her parents, we came to Coimbatore and got married on Sunday with support from TPDK,\" said Kannan. While his father Singaraj was aware of my wedding plans, his mother Anjalidevi was kept in the dark.\"We will leave for Delhi in two days. We have planned to settle down in Coimbatore city,\" said Kannan. He said they would inform the rest of the family about the marriage. He acknowledged that Priyanka's parents may not be accepting of their marriage. The couple had exchanged rings and garlands, took snaps and later gave a written statement to Ramakrishnan. The TPDK then issued a marriage certificate to them.\"We have received the birth certificates and proof of residence from the couple. As many as 175{+ }inter-caste marriages were conducted by us. We usually call on the couple to find out whether their life is going smoothly. About 99 percent of the marriages are successful,\" said Ramakrishnan.B Gopalakrishnan (39), hailing from Meena Estate near Sowripalayam in the city is a marketing executive in love with 28-year-old M Yasmin from Sivaji colony for the last four years. The lovers decided to marry on Sunday. They came to Periyar Padippakam at Gandhipuram and sought the help of TPDK cadres. They got married in the presence of general secretary Ramakrishnan and cadres of TPDK. Both sets of parents were informed about the marriage. They couple also notified the Kattoor police station about it.\"No caste or religion can stop people from falling in love. It is the most natural thing in the world,\" said Ramakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554244", "title": "Any movie I act in will flop: Mary Kom", "text": "London Olympics bronze medallist M.C. Mary Kom joked that if she acts in the movie on her life, the movie will flop.Filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali is making a biographical film on Mary Kom depicting her struggle to the top. Actor Priyanka Chopra will be enacting the pugilist.\"If I act in the movie, it will definitely flop. I am not good in acting, only good in the ring. I don't want it to flop as I want the movie to do well,\" said the five-time World Champion on the sidelines of Cycling Federation of India's Tour de India at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC).\"I am very happy and excited about the film. It's like a dream come true. Never thought a movie would be made on me and on my life history. I am really thankful to the filmmakers,\" said the mother of two, who met Priyanka a couple of days back in Mumbai to discuss the movie.Commenting on the more serious issues of the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and Indian Boxing Federation (IBF), she said: \"I do not know what is right or wrong but what I can say is sportspersons are not happy with this. I don't have a good feeling about this and the issue is upsetting. Hope the issues get solved quickly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555854", "title": "GenX prefers to celebrate b\u00e2\u20ac\u2122days in the lap of nature", "text": "MYSORE: Gone are the days when birthday parties were held at the confines of homes and restaurants. Now, youths of Mysore are looking for exotic venues to celebrate their big day.Shedding the typical style of celebrating parties, they are heading to natural settings like Chamundi Hills, KRS backwaters, Meenakshipuram, Karighatta, dead hill and the like. They celebrate early in the morning or at evening.Mysore is blessed with beautiful natural spots in and around the city. According to youths, celebrating their day in green ambience makes it memorable. MSc student Shambhavi Nataraj believes that celebrating birthday at natural spots will be completely different. \"When our city has got such wonderful spots, it doesn't make sense to celebrate inside the four walls. But party will continue with lunch or dinner at restaurants,\" she adds.Such parties need good planning. Those who throw the party will carry pastries, cakes, snacks, beverages, and gifts. The birthday boy/ girl will be unaware of the plan. They make him/ her feel that it is \"another day out\". But the \"surprise party\" during such outings makes the birthday boy/ girl feely really special.Punarvasu T, who was given a surprise birthday party by her friends atop the Chamundi Hills, said: \"Some of my friends accompanied me to the temple early in the morning as I wanted to seek the goddess' blessings. While returning, another group of friends were ready with pastry and gifts. It was pleasant surprise atop the hill.\"Youths also feel celebrating birthdays in exotic locations makes sense, as it is \"far from the preying eyes of the public\". They enjoy complete freedom there. Freelance photographer Goutham Dikshit explains: \"We can scream and shout in excitement and can also do pranks. But if you do the same at college or home or at hotels, people will give a weird look.Expressing similar views, Ganesh Shankar said that the there will be no one and around. \"Enjoying the day with a group of friends amidst nature - that is away from the hustle bustle of the city - is a bliss. This will be a kind of picnic-cum-birthday party,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553256", "title": "Anil Kapoor launches his own studio", "text": "After shooting his production, the desi version of an US series, he will rent the facility out to other filmmakersThere has been a lot of speculation about Anil Kapoor's purchase of a property in Andheri East and his plans to start a new studio to shoot his first television venture, the desi version of the American series 24. And now, TOI gets you exclusive pictures of the 7,500 sq ft studio, situated only five minutes away from a new multiplex in Kurla.To TOI, a proud Kapoor confirmed, \"Yes, I am starting my shoot of 24 in my own studio.\"We learnt that the sets for the television series would be built in the premises. \"That will be the Anti-Terrorism Headquarters,\" said Kapoor and added, \"All decisions regarding the art-design and production set up will be taken by Abhinay Deo (of Delhi Belly fame), the director of the show.\"After the show, the actor has plans to rent out the studio to other production houses. \"He will do that for sure. Frankly, he had this property for some time. And he decided to start off the studio with his own production,\" said a friend of Kapoor.Meanwhile, one of the producers of US 24 , Michael Klick is coming with a few of his team members to Mumbai. He is expected to arrive in January and will be put up in a Juhu 5-star hotel. We found out, a conference room will also be booked in the hotel since Anil has invited Klick to discuss the logistics, look and the mood boards related to the show.The set construction will start by the end of January and the show is expected to go on air in June 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552159", "title": "Learner's licence work at RTO halted", "text": "PUNE: After repeated glitches in the functioning of its computerized system used to conduct test for learner's license, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has initiated steps to repair and upgrade the system. Due to the repair work, the tests for learner's licence will not be conducted at its main office till December 16, the RTO said. Those who want learner's licence urgently can approach the RTO's Alandi Road office.The learner's licence department is one of the busiest departments under the Pune RTO. According to the officials, the department receives about 500 applications everyday at its main office near Sangam bridge.The applicants, however, were facing frequent difficulties in completing the tests because of the technical problems in the computer system. Of the 57 computers used to conduct tests, only 17 were functional. The remaining 38 were either facing sudden breakdowns or producing wrong results.\"After an increase in instances of system failure, we have decided to upgrade the system. We are changing the underground wiring and replacing the computers. A fund of Rs 1.75 lakh has been sanctioned by the transport department for this work. The revamped system will be functional by December 17,\" an official from the RTO said.Besides upgrading the system, the RTO has also planned to introduce additional software for issuing learner's licence. Officials said that the software will have the capacity to handle 25 applicants at a time. It will be introduced at the main office. This will help the RTO handle more applications daily.The new software would primarily cater to the cases received through the online application system. An official said that the proposal for introducing additional software will be submitted to the state transport department next week. The officials have conducted a study of the system and are planning how it can be implemented.The officials said that since the software at the RTO's Alandi Road office works on a different server, it will continue to issue learner's licence. But the system there would be able to cater to only 250 applicants in a day. Hence, applicants having urgency should apply here. The applicants would be accepted on first come first serve basis, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17552343", "title": "Elderly woman's death: Search on for migrants", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A police hunt is under way for three labourers suspected to have committed a daylight robbery which resulted in the death of a 72-year-old woman at Muttathumavu in Pathanamthitta district's Mallappally on Sunday.Identifying the deceased as Annie Joy of Pekkuzhy Meppath House, police said her husband Joy Joseph (75), a planter and rubber dealer, suffered injuries on his face in the incident. He has been admitted to a private hospital in Chettippuzha near Changanassery.Investigators were waiting to record his statement to reconstruct the events that happened around 10 am. The police, however, were suspecting that Annie's attempt to save her husband from robbers might have resulted in her death.The suspects, three labourers from West Bengal , were living along with nine others in a rented accommodation about 500 meters from the couple's residence. The trio had visited the elderly couple around 10am, police said.The couple was staying alone, and their three children-Ancy, Aneesh and Angel-have been living abroad. While their daughters were settled in North America , Aneesh has been employed in Kuwait. The couple owned a rubber plantation and depended on the workers to manage the estate, police said. They often used to hire the migrants.Police said Joy asked the suspects to help with drying rubber sheets. The trio, realizing that the couple was alone and helpless, might have tried to rob the house.According to preliminary investigation, the suspects tied up Joy in a bid to rob the house. Hearing the commotion Annie might have rushed to her husband's help and was attacked. Joy, however, managed to free himself, and alerted the neighbours.The neighbours later told the police they found Annie lying face down in the house. She was taken to a hospital, but was announced 'dead on arrival.'Hospital sources said no visible injuries were found on her body. The cause of death could be ascertained only on Monday, after a post-mortem examination.Annie's jewellery, except earrings, was missing from her body, police said. Two cupboards in the house were found open and disturbed. Exact loss would be known after recording Joy's statement, police said. Police, meanwhile, quizzed the housemates of the suspects who had gone missing. Railway stations and other transit points have been alerted to prevent them from escaping, Keezhvaypoor police sub-inspector said.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and district superintendent of police K K Balachandran visited Joy in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551172", "title": "Now, pay Rs 50 for dirtying Esplanade tram depot", "text": "KOLKATA: Be ready to cough up a hefty Rs 50 if you caught attending to Nature's call at the Esplanade tram depot. With a facelift of the area on the cards, the Calcutta Tramways Corporation (CTC) could not have devised a better way to curb errant commuters.Apart from posters voicing out to people the new law, the CTC has set up two public urinals at the depot. \"The rule was imposed by CTC a week ago and thereafter our income has gone up by at least Rs 150 daily. Gradually more people are switching to urinals, as CTC has employed four security men to spot the offending commuters,\" said Bhola Mullick, who mans a toilet in the depot.However, Raju Bhakat, who operates another toilet in the area, is not that happy. On Sunday, he pointed fingers at well dressed urinating in the open. Worst still, some passengers were spotted relieving themselves right in front of the notices. \"They want to save Re 1 and make the place stink. How do we spruce up the area?\" he asked.When some of the commuters were approached by TOI, they feigned ignorance about the new law. Asgar Ali, a trader from Park Circus, said: \"It will be harassing if the security guard catches me and demands Rs 50 as I was not ware of the rule.\"With four security guards chasing the commuters and the dirt mostly removed around the depot, the place appears to be cleaner, said some of the regular tram commuters. But there were a few who took advantage of the absence of security guards on Sunday and happily indulged in their old habit.CTC official Anupam Biswas, however, made it clear that imposing fine was not the ultimate goal. \"We don't want to see the area stink and so we counsel them. But it is a tough job to make thousands of people aware and stop them from urinating,\" he said.Shantilal Jain, chairman of CTC, said there are plans to beautify the entire area and so they have started cleaning up the tram depot area, including Curzon Park. \"We will set up a series of toilets so that passengers have no problem. Even there is a plan for a passengers shed.\"He wants to turn the drab and dirty Esplanade tram depot into a tourist spot and thus has planned a museum where a stationary tram will be used to give people an idea about the evolution and history of trams.Jain said that besides better illumination and paved pathways, there will be a modern cafeteria.\"We plan to install railings and specially designed lights around this nine-bigha property so that the place looks good and people do not urinate. There will be landscaped gardens too and the CTC office will be renovated,\" he said.Esplanade tram depot is at last heading for a change, as the open urinal at the heart of the city may come to an end soon, as the CTC authority has started imposing fine of Rs 50 for those urinating in public.For changing habit of the commuters who used to urinate all around the depot, two new urinals have come up. The urinal operators said that after the CTC imposed this new rule a week ago their income has gone up by at least by Rs 150 daily. So gradually more people are switching to urinals, as CTC has employed four security men to spot the offending commuters, said Bhola Mullick, who mans a toilet in the depot.However, Raju Bhakat who operates another toilet is not that much happy. As he shows on Sunday how people were standing on the back side of the toilet to urinate. Disgusted with well dressed people skipping the toilet and heading for the bush, he asks how the place can be kept clean. \"They want to save Re 1 and make the place stink.\"The CTC has already put up posters all around the area to make people aware about the new law. Many passengers were spotted urinating in the open ob Sunday and they feigned ignorance about the new law. Asgar Ali, a trader of Park Circus said he was not aware of the new law. \"It will be harassing if the security guard catches me and demands Rs 50,\" he admitted. Even some passengers were spotted relieving themselves right in front of the notices.With four security guards chasing the commuters and the dirt mostly removed around the depot, the tram depot appears to be in an improved state, said some of the daily tram commuters. But taking opportunity of the absence of the security guards on Sunday, passengers getting down from the buses were found to be back to their old habits. Some CTC staff said that the area is a bit clean now with the new rule.Anupam Biswas a CTC official said that imposing fine is not the ultimate goal, but creating awareness is the main issue. \"We don't want to see the area stink and so we counsel them. But it is a tough job to make thousands of people aware and stop them from urinating.\"Shantilal Jain, CTC, chairman said that they want to beautify the entire area and for that they have started cleaning up the tram depot area including Curzon Park. \"We will set up a series of toilets so that passengers have no problem. Even there is a plan for a passengers shed.\" He wants to turn the drab and dirty Esplanade tram depot into a tourist spot and so he has planned a museum for trams. A stationary tram will be used to give people an idea about the evolution and history of trams.Jain said that through better illumination, paved pathways he will convert the area. Even a modern cafeteria will come up in another stationary tram from which tea, coffee and snacks will be sold.\"We plan to install railings and specially designed lights around this nine-bigha property so that the place looks good and people do not urinate. There will be landscaped gardens too and CTC office in the depot will be renovated,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17545440", "title": "Aishwarya appeals pregnant women to undergo HIV test", "text": "Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has appealed to expectant mothers to shed inhibitions regarding HIV/AIDS test so as to prevent their children from being infected by the deadly virus.The 39-year-old actress, who is the UNAIDS International Goodwill Ambassador, said on the sidelines of a function here today that she would tour various parts of the country to educate women on the issue.Aishwarya said pregnant women should shed the fear of HIV/AIDS test.\"Though there is no medicine for curing this disease, its medical treatment is possible,\" the actress said.\"I will help break social barriers and stigmas that are attached with the disease. I will help raise awareness on issues related to stopping new HIV infections in children and advocate for increased access to anti-retroviral treatment,\" she said.Meanwhile, when asked on her future career plans, Aishwarya said right now she is busy looking after her one-year-old daughter Aaradhya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17550820", "title": "Surprised to get a call too early: Bhuvneshwar Kumar", "text": "NAGPUR: National selectors on Sunday presented a birthday gift to Bhuvneshwar Kumar, albeit 4 days later.The promising Uttar Pradesh all-rounder, who turned 22 on December 5, is ecstatic after he was told by his teammates about his Indian selection for the forthcoming two Twenty20 matches against England.\"It's a surprise call of me. I was confident that I will get a chance but didn't know it will come so soon. It will be great honour to represent India. My hard work has paid off,\" said Bhuvneshwar.The Meerut youngster is known more for his bowling but he is equally good batsman too. Representing Central Zone, the right-hander had scored a superb century against North Zone at Hyderabad this season.So far, he has taken 23 wickets in four Ranji matches and notched up 200 runs to help UP maintain top position in Group B. He has already represented India 'A' sides besides playing in the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17551266", "title": "Senior Trinamool MP shares stage with Adhir Chowdhury", "text": "HOWRAH: Veteran Trinamool Congress MP Ambica Banerjee on Sunday created a flutter when he not only shared a dais with Union minister Adhir Chowdhury at a railway event at Howrah station's new complex, but also took a step ahead and said, \"Adhir babu is a dynamic person and I believe he will work for the state's development.\"Ambica, a five-time Howrah MLA and a first time Lok Sabha MP, termed his presence to be one of \"political courtesy and responsibilities\", but other Trinamool Congress MPs have cited one reason or the other for shunning programmes where Adhir Chowdhury is present.In Adhir's first programme as a junior railway minister in Plassey in Nadia on November 12, Trinamool MP Tapas Pal was not present. Dinesh Trivedi , the former railway minister, toed Pal's lines when Adhir had gone to Kanchrapara on November 26. In fact, a day before the event, celebrating 150 years of Kanchrapara Railway Workshop on the Bell Institute premises, the dais was ransacked. That day, too, several posters and festoons had come up around Kanchrapara ridiculing Adhir personally.On his part, such act is not new to Ambica. In 2010, he had shared the stage with former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee in Jagatballavpur and said that he was ready to walk the extra mile for Howrah's development.Banerjee later told reporters on Sunday, \"As a public representative, I am bound to help in railway works. After being extended an invite, it is a political courtesy and also my responsibility to be present there. I came here for the initiatives will serve the cause of the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and people.\" When asked whether or not in hindsight the decision to resign from the railway ministry was right, the 84-year-old MP said, \"Mantrak thakle kaaj kora jae (with a ministry one can work for people). I don't want to comment on the political aspects.\"The UK-educated mechanical engineer also said, \"I think the (railway) projects will not be hit. Adhir babu is a dynamic person and I believe he will work for the people of the state.\"Adhir too reciprocated in equal measure. \"For the sake of development, there shouldn't be any politics. Unfortunately, it is happening here. The fact that Ambicada came is very good in this backdrop. It only shows a healthy politics and that is the way it should be.\" Adhir didn't stop at it. To harp on the point that he will not let politics come in the way of development, he said, \"Land continues to remain a problem which is affecting many projects in the state. And for that, I am ready to even meet the chief minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550168", "title": "More severe strain of dengue in circulation, Mumbai cases up by 118%", "text": "MUMBAI: A near doubling of dengue cases in the city, the state and the country has left the medical community baffled. Not only has the mosquito-borne ailment become more severe, the reasons behind its increased incidence continue to remain vague, said physicians.Besides migration and a probable increase in viral load in the community, the closest reason experts have zeroed in on is the increased circulation of the most virulent strain of dengue. The National Institute of Virology in Pune said that DEN-2, one of the four serotypes of dengue and also the more severe one, could be mainly in circulation this year.Though Mumbai has not shown a great increase in mortality rate, which is five as opposed to last year's three, the toll has shot up in Maharashtra. Reportedly, Maharashtra has lost the highest number of lives at 73 to dengue this year as compared to any other state. At the national level, the death figures have increased by 34% since last year.So far, 227 people have died in the country as against 169 in 2011. In Mumbai, cases have increased by 118% as compared to last year.Speaking to TOI, director of New Delhi-based National Vector Borne Disease Programme (NVBDCP) Dr AC Dhariwal said, \"This year, the behaviour of dengue has been different. The reasons for this could be many\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe virus strain circulating is exclusive or the manifestation of the ailment is more severe or both.\" He said a study conducted on a small sample in Delhi showed that as many as 20% of the patients were affected by the DEN-2 strain.Dhariwal said the strain that is usually in circulation in the country in DEN-1. \"DEN-1 is the milder form of the virus, and people affected by it may not even show the symptoms at times. But the chances of dengue getting complicated is more when patients are affected by the DEN-2 strain of the virus,\" he said.When dengue gets complicated, it progresses to the stage of Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever ( DHF) and further to Dengue Shock Syndrome (DSS).A similar observation was shared by the director of Haffkine Research Institute Dr Abhay Chaudhary, who said that Den-2 is the predominant strain in circulation in the city. \"This year, a lot of cases have been reported from the rural areas. Dengue, as we know it, has always been a very urban disease,\" he said, adding that migration could be the reason behind the trend. Chaudhary said the chances of cross-infection, or subsequent infections by two strains, can be the reasons behind the severity of cases.City physicians also maintained that dengue has showed severe manifestations this year, involving liver and intestine in most cases. Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals, termed dengue as the ailment that caused more morbidity than any other ailment. \"More people suffering from dengue had to be admitted to hospitals, some even need intensive care treatment. People had fever that lasted for more than two weeks in place of seven days. Rashes are taking longer to heal and the ailment is taking a huge toll on patients as the recovery is expensive and taking a long time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17553345", "title": "Pakistan should not tour India: Ehsan Mani", "text": "KARACHI: Former ICC president Ehsan Mani has criticised the Pakistan Cricket Board for agreeing to tour India for a short one-day series later this month.\"I think the PCB is wrong to have agreed to this. If it is a political decision, then the PCB should have asked the politicians to make sure that India reciprocated by coming and playing against Pakistan even if it was at a neutral venue,\" Mani said in an interview.Mani who was Pakistan's representative in the ICC before becoming its president in 2003 said he couldn't understand how the PCB agreed to play in India when the nation owes Pakistan two series which it has cancelled out on.He said from a reciprocity point of view, it is totally wrong that Pakistan should be going to India.\"My opinion is Pakistan should not be going to India at all. India or the BCCI went out of its way after the Mumbai attack to isolate Pakistan cricket at the ICC,\" Mani said.He pointed out that BCCI knew well that by refusing to play Pakistan even at a neutral venue, they were going to cost the PCB a huge amount of money.\"This short series will enable BCCI to earn over USD 100 million, probably as much as USD 150 million. All we're doing is to help India make a lot of money out of us, with no assurance of a reciprocal tour,\" he noted.\"It is sort of trying to get the headlines. I don't see any benefit to Pakistan cricket in terms of getting cricket back to Pakistan by playing this series. Certainly, I am not in favour of it.\"Mani was also critical of the way PCB was being run. \"The biggest stakeholders of cricket in Pakistan are the cricket associations and the affiliate members of the PCB. They have no say in who will run Pakistan cricket.The person who is enforced on them by the president of Pakistan, who is the Patron, means that person has no accountability to the stakeholders - he's given a total free hand to do what he wishes with no accountability,\" he explained.Mani said since there were no accountability, the person who heads the board works for his own benefits.He also pointed out that while there was no financial crisis in the PCB, it was worrying to see the pace at which the Board has been increasing its expenditure since Zaka Ashraf took over.\"Since Zaka Ashraf has come in the expenditure of the Pakistan Cricket Board has increased by Rs 30 million a month. What is this money being spent on? When I say expenditure, I am just talking about the payroll cost.\"It's not coaches or anything - its cronies. That is the big damage that is being done to Pakistan cricket. Money spent on people like big government employees who manage to give jobs for political gains. These are the sort of issues that have to be tackled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555336", "title": "Celebrating a teacher-student bond in poetry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There is a rare bond between Neha D Thampan and her teacher Shara A S, which enlivens the age-old values of teacher-student relationship. It was her teacher's wholehearted support that helped Neha, a differently-abled child, pen a collection of poems.District panchayat education standing committee chairperson Ansajida Russal released the book at a function held in the school on Friday.During the release of 'Mazhathullikal' (Raindrops), Neha's second book, the little author confidently held her teacher's hand and said, \"She is the real teacher. She supports my classmates and me with great patience. Her dedication makes our lives special. If she was not here, I would not have published my second book so soon.\"According to the little poet, 'Mazhathullikal' is a result of 'Shara teacher's' constant support and encouragement. \"My parents were busy with my medication and treatment. Shara teacher always inspired me to write. She was the one who found publishers and printers for my poetry collection,\" said Neha who is suffering from C-V Junction Anomaly, which has crippled her body movements. Neha's first book, 'Thumbi', was published last year.Shara is the resource person for the differently-abled students in Cotton Hill Girls School, where Neha is a class six student.Shara considers whatever she does as her responsibility of being a 'special teacher' to her special kids. \"No one is different in this world. By giving the right kind of support and instilling a positive attitude, we can help Neha and her friends achieve their maximum potential,\" said Shara.Neha and her teacher have been sharing a special relationship for the past two years. \"She is a highly talented girl. The imageries she has in her poems are simply awesome. It was my wish that her poems should be released in the week for differently-abled and I had nothing to think other than finding people to provide financial support and help. I feel happy to see the printed book,\" said Shara.Shara has been teaching around 75 differently-abled students for the past seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17552270", "title": "Southern Railways retain crown", "text": "MUMBAI: It was sweet revenge for southern Railways as they drubbed Maharashtra 88-73 to successfully defend the women's crown in the final of the 8th Savio Cup All-India basketball tournament, at Don Bosco school, Matunga, on Sunday.Having lost to the State eves a week back, in their tournament opener, the team from South did not leave any stone unturned in their race to the title, winning all their subsequent matches.On Sunday, the winners rode on the inspired show by the experienced duo - Geetu-Anna Jose and Anitha P - to overcome the tough fight from the home team. While Geetu-Anna added 45 points, Anitha P contributed 20. It, however, was not one of their best shows as they gave in to a few defensive glitches in the process.\"We might have won but, we did not play very well today,\" says Anitha. \"We are only six in the team and missing three senior players on the side definitely showed in the performance.\"We can't take a two-minute substitution because of the missing numbers.\" Applauding the opposition, Anitha added, \"They are one of the better Maharashtra sides and played brilliantly. We, on the other hand, could have done much better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17551352", "title": "Study suggests better alternative for ghat road", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As frequent traffic blocks have been making the journey through the Wayanad Ghat Road difficult, many organizations and government bodies have come up with alternative routes.A scientific study by a group of civil engineering students of KMEA Engineering College, Edathala has found that the route connecting Meppadi in Wayanad and Nilambur in Malappuram would be the better alternative for the ghat road, as it would be the shortest and environment-friendly.Five alternative routes for the Wayanad Ghat Road have already been proposed and they are -- Chippilithodu-Maruthilavu-Thalipuzha, Thiruvampadi-Anakkampoil-Kalladi-Meppadi, Peruvannamoozhi-Poozhithodu-Padinjarathara, Thondarnadu-Kunhome-Vilangad and Meppadi-Chooralmala-Pothukallu-Nilambur, which is part of the proposed hill highway project from Kasaragod to Thiruvananthapuram.The latest study points out that the road passing through Meppadi-Chooralmala-Aranapuzha-Pothukallu-Nilambur route would be the shortest and it also would not pass through the core area of the forest.The forest region connecting Meppadi-Chooralmala and Pothukallu-Nilambur already has roads constructed by the British. The highway could be developed by extending the existing roads till the missing link between Attamala-Aranapuzha (Wayanad) to Pothukallu (Malappuram) and this would help reduce the distance between Nilambur and Meppadi by 50km. The existing shortest route from Wayanad to Nilambur, of 100 km, is via Thamarasseri and Manjeri.The study says 12.48 hectares in Wayanad and 37.4 hectares in Malappuram need to be acquired for the construction of the road. Acquisition would be easier as about 80% of land is in the ownership of the government bodies.According to the study the rough estimate for the construction of the highway is Rs 225.19 crore, including the Rs 35.9 crore needed for land acquisition.According to the traffic study, 25% of the traffic in the Wayanad Ghat Road can be diverted to the proposed route. The distance to and from the southern districts of Kerala can be considerably reduced by the construction of the road, it says.The study was carried out by Mohsin T M, Pradeep Kumar A C, Shyam A K, Vishnu Ranjidas and Yashukrishnan A V, under the guidance of Arun Jose, assistant professor of the civil engineering department. For alignment fixation, a preliminary site survey was conducted, followed by a detailed survey using the global positioning system and analysis using the contour map of the site with the help of the software Quantum GIS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551231", "title": "Acclaim for Urdu poet from US", "text": "PATNA: The jampacked S K Memorial Hall reverberated with clapping and 'wah wah' as the shayar recited his couplets: \"Bhari mehfil mein tanhai bahut hai, kisi ki yaad phir aayi bahut hai\" (I feel lonely in the crowded gathering for I remember someone badly) and \"Tere hisse mein har qatra ha darya, mere hisse mein pyas aayi bahut hai\" (you get a river from the single drop and I feel very thirsty). What took the audience by surprise was the fact that the shayar was a tall American, Max Bruce, with his nom de plume as 'Nadir'.The occasion was a mushaira on Saturday night, organized by Takshila Educational Society in collaboration with Jashn-e-Bahar Trust. It was the first time this Urdu scholar had come here although he has already recited his Urdu poetries at mushairas in the country during the last few years.Max Bruce Nadir, 30, is probably the first Caucasian American Urdu poet to learn Urdu through the Hindi- Urdu flagship programme. He travelled to India, spent over two years in Lucknow, and also ventured into Urdu poetry. Currently, he is doing research for his doctorate from the University of Texas on Maulana Shibli Nomani's intellectual biography.The poet, who speaks Urdu fluently, told TOI on Sunday that he started learning Urdu in 2006. \"I developed interest in this language when I was in school and took up classes on Asian studies in the University of California .\" His keen interest in the language and Urdu shayari brought him to Lucknow in 2006, where he came in touch with several Urdu and Persian litterateurs, teachers and poets.But why Urdu shayari? \"When you start speaking in Urdu with others in terms of literature, the shayari comes automatically. References of Meer and Ghalib come frequently and I was quite influenced when I studied the poetry,\" said Max. However, he learnt Urdu basically to do some research work and, in the process, also read books on grammar of shayari. \"Suddenly I thought I should also try my hands on composing ghazals,\" said Max who did not use a single English word in his hourlong chat with TOI.Max, who originally belongs to California, composed his first ghazal in 2008. Next year, he recited ghazals for the first time in a mushaira in Texas. There has been no stopping for him since then.All the top poets including Wasim Barailvi, Gulzar Dehlavi, Munawwar Rana, Mansoor Usmani, Alim Saba Navedi, Rajesh Reddy, Alok Srivastava, Anwar Shahzad, Deepti Mishra, Nasim Nikhat and others present at the mushaira fully appreciated Max's shayari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550640", "title": "Tollywood actor Dinesh booked for drunken driving", "text": "HYDERABAD: Traffic police nabbed another actor Dinesh, during the drive against drunken driving at Banjara Hills on Saturday night.At about 11.30 pm, the Banjara Hills traffic police intercepted a Ford Ikon car driven by actor Dinesh at MLA Colony. Police saw Tollywood actor Aakash in the passenger seat along with another woman.As he appeared to be in an inebriated state, Dinesh was asked to take breathalyzer test by police. In the check, breathalyzer displayed the blood alcohol content of Dinesh as 34 mg/100 ml (driving with alcohol levels above 30 mg/100ml is punishable under the law) and he was asked to exit the vehicle.Police immediately booked a case against Dinesh under section 185 (A) (punishment for drunken driving) of the MV Act and seized the car. A person found guilty under section 185 (A) of the MV Act for the first time can earn up to six-month imprisonment or a fine up to Rs 2,000 or both. The second or subsequent offence, if committed within three years of the first offence, entails imprisonment up to two years or Rs 3,000 fine or both.After seizing the car, police served a notice on Dinesh asking him to appear for a counseling session at Traffic Training Institute, Goshamahal sometime, in the next few days. Subsequently, the actor would be produced before court. Later, the actors left the spot in another vehicle.Dinesh worked as a supporting actor in Telugu movies like 'Jallu', 'Adhineta' and 'Vandemataram'. Police said that the actors were returning home after attending a party at Film Nagar.Banjara Hills traffic have booked 16 drunken driving cases on Saturday night and seized equal number of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552251", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh stolen from marriage halls", "text": "PUNE: Gold ornaments worth Rs 5.05 lakh were stolen from two marriage halls in two separate incidents on Alandi Road and at Fatimanagar, since Thursday.According to a complaint lodged by Yatish Mohanlal Jain (42) of Kota in Rajasthan, his wife's purse containing gold and diamond ornaments worth Rs 4.04 lakh was stolen from a marriage hall on Alandi Road on Saturday afternoon.Assistant police inspector P M Pawar of Bhosari police station told TOI that the incident took place around 1.30 pm. The complainant's wife Meenakshi was attending a ceremony, where only women had participated. \"In between she left her seat to meet a relative but left her purse on the seat. However, when she returned, she found the purse missing.\"Pawar said that after searching in the hall, her husband lodged the complaint with the police. \"The family had come to Pune from Rajasthan for the marriage. They were staying in a hotel.Pawar said that the police were suspecting the involvement of an insider in the theft. \"No one other than family members was present there when the incident took place,\" he said.Pawar added that there were no CCTV cameras in the hall. \"However, we have contacted the person who was videographing the ceremony. We will soon check the footage from his camera.\"The other theft took place at a marriage hall in Fatimanagar on Thursday afternoon, in which a purse containing gold ornaments worth Rs 1.01 lakh was stolen. The purse belonged to the mother of the bride. The complaint has been lodged by Bharati Padmakar Shinde (54) of Kalyninagar.The Wanowrie police said that Shinde had kept her purse near the stage in the hall. While she was busy attending the guests, someone stole the purse.On June 24, a bag containing gold and diamond ornaments, two cell phones and cash, totally worth Rs 2.27 lakh, was stolen from a marriage hall near Dhole Patil chowk on Shankarsheth Road. Following the incident, the police had sent letters to all marriage halls to install CCTV cameras.A senior police officer from the crime branch said that the police will again send the letters to marriage halls regarding the security measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551715", "title": "Won't run away from responsibility: MS Dhoni", "text": "KOLKATA: Good news! Team India, down in the dumps after losing back-to-back Tests in their backyard, have identified their flaws. But, then, there is nothing new in their job description from here that they didn't know at the start of the four-Test series.Asked if this was the lowest phase for the team, and also for him as the skipper, Dhoni responded, \"I think the England and Australia series, because we were not able to compete. We know what the faults are over here and we should be able to rectify those.\"He put the blame squarely on the batsmen.\"The batsmen will have to take up the responsibility. It was a very good wicket to bat on here. Of course their bowlers will send down a few good deliveries that we need to keep out, but most of us in the top seven will have to score at the same time. If you don't score runs in the first innings and the opponents score, you will find yourself under pressure,\" he said.\"Batsmen have to make sure if they get a start, they make it big.\"On the bowling, he said \"overall, they are doing well\" before going on to be more specific.\"The spinners have done a good job, a bit more contribution from the fast bowlers would really help the side,\" he said. \"Their (England's) spinners looked to bowl in one area, play with the patience of the batsman. If we can be a bit more patient and can bat for a few long sessions, their bowlers will get tired and there'll be more opportunity to score.\"Defending coach Duncan Fletcher, Dhoni reminded that 'once you cross the rope, you're on your own'. \"That's when you have to perform, that's where we're lacking now. Ultimately, it's about the 11 players who turn up on the field.\"Is he still the best person to lead India? \"The selectors are here to decide,\" was the curt reply.When someone asked how difficult it would be to pick themselves up and try to level the series, the skipper was more forthcoming.\"As a leader, this is a challenge that has been thrown towards me. It's always good to lead a side when everybody is doing well, that's when you don't need a leader,\" he remarked after saying that \"experience will count\" when it came to picking themselves up after the two defeats.\"Leading a side is all about leading when the team is not doing well. You try to gel the team together, back the youngsters, back the senior guys, and try to move in the right direction... The easiest thing for me to say right now is, 'I quit captaincy' and be a part of the side. But that's like running away from responsibility. Of course, there are others like the BCCI officials who will want to look into that but my responsibility is to get the team together and be prepared for the next Test match.\"He conceded that the transition from the 'Fab Four' era is proving a difficult task.\"The reason is that the experienced guys who were part of the side when the legends were around will feel they have to do exceptionally well even as the youngsters want to perform to be permanent members of the side. It's a situation where everybody is feeling a bit of pressure. We will have to get rid of this and back each other well. But, then, as an individual you have to back yourself really well. Self-belief is very important.\"Does he expect a turning track for the final Test in Nagpur? \"From here we really don't know what's there in Nagpur, but we've played on wickets in Nagpur that turned and those that didn't.\"Well left, skipper!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550266", "title": "2 babies, 1 mom: DNA solves riddle for cops", "text": "CHENNAI: DNA tests have solved the riddle of a baby lost and two found, confirming that Kalaiselvi, a 21-year-old woman whose child had been kidnapped from RSRM Government Hospital in Royapuram on October 25, was the mother of a baby rescued from a woman in north Chennai.The Chennai police received the DNA test reports on Sunday. Kalaiselvi had staked claim to a baby found in a suburban train 12 days after her child was abducted, but the case took an unexpected turn when police arrested a woman, Yogeshwari, in Tondiarpet a little over a week after the first baby was found, and recovered a child from her.Investigators sent DNA samples collected from Kalaiselvi, the wife of an autorickshaw driver, Ravi, and the two babies to the forensic sciences department's labs in Mylapore. They put the baby in the care of a children's home in T Nagar. The DNA tests determined that Kalaiselvi was the biological mother of the baby rescued from Yogeshwari.\"The couple will file a petition in the Madras HC on Monday to seek custody of the child,\" a senior police officer said. \"Based on the DNA evidence, we expect the court to send an order to the children's home to hand over the baby to Kalaiselvi and Ravi.\" On November 18, police detained Yogeshwari, 22, a resident of Parameshwaran Nagar. \"Yogeshwari went through a series of miscarriages and her husband threatened to leave her if she did not have a baby,\" the officer said. \"Yogeshwari was desperate and decided to steal a baby.\" Since there was confusion over the babies, policemen they decided to hand over the child to the couple only if DNA tests confirmed that Kalaiarasi was the mother.Baby sold for Rs 10K, cops grill 5 womenPolice grilled five women involved in taking possession of an illegitimate child from a woman in Gingee, in Tiruvannamalai district.Staff at Egmore Children's Hospital grew suspicious and informed the police when a woman who admitted a baby boy with jaundice on Sunday failed to breastfeed the child even though he was crying for more than two hours. Police picked up the woman and questioned her.Investigators identified the woman as Seetha, who is originally from Nepal . They found that she got the baby from another woman, Shanthi, in Ayanavaram. \"The baby's mother, Banumathy, was looking for ways to get rid of the baby who was born out wedlock, after she had a relationship with Manickam, a construction worker\" an officer said.\"Seetha and her husband Jolraj, a security guard at a private college of Aminjakarai, were childless for more than 18 years,\" he said. \"Shanthi approached the couple with the baby boy after getting him from two women, Prema and Selvi.\"Shanthi took the child from Prema and Selvi, telling them that she knew a couple who were looking to adopt a child. She handed over the baby to Seetha, who paid her 10,000.A couple of days later, the baby suddenly developed fever. Seetha took the child to the hospital. \"The baby was crying continuously so a nurse asked her to feed the baby, but the woman went out to get milk,\" the officer said. \"Following a complaint, Egmore police handed over the woman to the Aminjikarai police.\"\"We have sought legal opinion in the case and will proceed according to the advice of lawyers,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Anna Nagar) Prem Anand Sinha. Police are questioning all five women involved in the sale of the baby. \"None of the women are aware of the legal procedure for adoption,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552108", "title": "Chavan, Pawar present united front before session", "text": "NAGPUR: If there were any doubts about the future compatibility of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar, they were dispelled on a relatively warm Sunday evening. Appearing together for the customary tea party on the eve of the winter session, the two leaders presented a united front, effortlessly complimenting each other, disappointing the media hungry for any signs of discord.However, insiders believe a subtle shift has definitely taken place in a relationship otherwise best described as layered and complicated. The visible signs of subtle changes were there to decipher for all: a less combative deputy and far more assertive commander-in-chief. When asked which portfolios the DCM would hold, Chavan quipped, \"He is a DCM without portfolio.\" At this point, Pawar buried his eyes in a heap of paperwork.Sources in their parties reveal the two leaders have been asked to burry the hatchet for now and work together with an eye on the 2014 elections. In line with the party thinking, Chavan seemingly went out of his way to complement his lieutenant and the coalition partner NCP. \"I welcome him back. He has been a vital cog in the government machinery, making positive contributions during his tenure. The DCM did not shy away from taking tough decisions,\" said Chavan while thanking Sharad Pawar , nephew Ajit and NCP for helping resolve the contentious issue of Ambedkar memorial at Indu Mill.Without getting into the controversial issue of white paper on irrigation, the two fobbed off any queries on Pawar's role in the alleged multi-crore scam. Pawar appearing defiant as ever, while Chavan appeared to defend a volley of questions directed towards the NCP leader.\"I'll show it in the house,\" Pawar said, when asked how he plans to counter a combative opposition. Chavan clarified that the government was prepared to face a debate on any issue.The government will present as many as 13 bills and four ordinances in the session, and probably face a no-confidence motion from the opposition. \"People of Vidarbha have a lot of expectations from us and the opposition must keep this in mind,\" Chavan said while urging the opposition to help pass the bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550713", "title": "Left wants changes in Fema annulled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left parties will move for annulment or changes to amendments to the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) rules to allow FDI in multi-brand retail in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.On October 30, the Reserve Bank of India notified three amendments to Fema 1999 rules to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.CPM Rajya Sabha MP and politburo leader Sitaram Yechury said in a television interview, \"The government will be hard-pressed now to go on managing and manufacturing their own majority.\"The politburo of the CPM that met in Delhi on December 6 and 7 slammed the UPA government for its \"maneouvre to get the motion against FDI in retail trade defeated despite an overwhelming number of political parties not favouring FDI in retail trade.\"This was possible due to the opportunism of the Samajwadi Party and the dubious position adopted by the Bahujan Samaj Party. Both these parties spoke out against FDI in retail trade but acted in a manner to help the government succeed,\" said a communique of the CPM politburo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17551077", "title": "Minor fire in ATM off MG Road", "text": "BANGALORE: A minor fire occurred at a Canara Bank ATM located on Kamraj Road, opposite Manekshaw Parade Ground on Sunday.The fire was spotted around 3.30pm and doused soon by Fire Force who were summoned. No casuality or loss of money was reported. A short circuit in the air-conditioning vent of the ATM is suspected to have triggered the fire. On noticing the smoke emanating from the room, the security guard made a call to the fire control room.\"We rushed two vehicles to the spot: one motorcycle fixed with mist control system and a fire engine. We were able to bring the fire under control very quickly,\" said a fire control room official.Canara Bank officers who came to the spot clarified said the currency in the machine was intact. There was no damage to the ATM machine either. \"When we checked the records, the last transaction was before 3.30pm. The cash in the machine was checked and removed. The machine will be operational soon,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552089", "title": "Tourism boost for south Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: The Tamil Nadu Tourism department may start providing package tours from Madurai for people wanting to explore the region. Tourism minister Gokula Indira who was in the city on Saturday discussed the proposal with officials from the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation (TTDC). The preliminary-level meeting discussed the major tourism attractions in the southern districts and the facilities with the department in coordinating such package tours.Officials from the department said the famous attractions in the region attracting significant tourist population are Madurai, Rameswaram, Kodaikanal, Palani, Tiruchendur, Courtallam and Kanyakumari. \"The meeting discussed the infrastructure facilities of the department in these places and how to operate the tours coordinating these facilities. The proposal may materialise in a short time,\" the officials said.At present, TTDC operates package tours from Chennai. The department is planning to operate tours coordinated from Madurai in the same manner. Such a facility was available 20 years ago, official sources said.Addressing the meeting, Gokula Indira said the state government was keen on promoting tourism in the state. She urged the TTDC hotel managers to maintain their hotels on a par with private hotels in tourist attractions. The dining halls should be maintained hygienically and rooms and surroundings should be maintained clean, she told the managers. S Bakthavatchalam, joint director, TTDC, and local officials participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551371", "title": "55% driving schools blacklisted by RTO", "text": "JAIPUR: Errant driving schools in the city are facing the heat. The regional transport office (RTO) has decided to crack the whip against all driving schools with untrained staff, malfunctioning vehicles and various other snags, suspending the licenses of 33 such bodies.After the RTO order, 55% of driving schools won't be able to admit students for next six months as Jaipur has around 60 motor driving schools in total.Sources told TOI that children of senior IPS and IAS officers learning to drive in some of these schools had criticized the quality of training they were receiving. The officers reportedly contacted the RTO and sought action against these driving schools. In fact, many \"trainees\" of these institutes had approached state transport minister Virendra Beniwal about a fortnight back and urged him to streamline these schools.Many of the complainants had alleged that a number of these driving schools had untrained staff on the rolls, charged hefty fees and provided malfunctioning vehicles to the trainees.\"Based on various complaints, we have suspended the licenses of the driving schools for the next six months. After six months they will have to comply with all the norms including hiring trained staff, avoiding overcharging and maintaining road-fit vehicles and will have to reapply for the license,\" B L Jatawat,regional transport officer, told TOI.The overall aim of the RTO is to streamline driving schools across the city, senior officers said. In the future, the RTO is also planning to conduct raids on driving schools to nail schools running without licenses.The most common grouse was the overcharging. \"The fees of driving schools varies from Rs 1,500 for 15 days to Rs 2,000 per month. However some of schools were charging as much as Rs 2,500 per fortnight to Rs 3,000 a month,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17551588", "title": "Experts inspect tanker fire site", "text": "PANCHKULA: A team for state forensic experts on Sunday inspected the damaged oil tanker and site near National Highway (NH) 73 and collected some parts of damaged truck.The driver of oil tanker, Saied Raja, is still absconding and a case against him was registered at Chandimandir police station.Around 4,000 litres petrol out of 20,000 was destroyed as the tanker had caught fire under mysterious circumstances on December 8.The truck was parked in the vicinity of a roadside dhaba when incident took place and cops suspect that Raja had tried to steal petrol from the tanker when it caught fire.Chandimandir SHO Inspector Satish Kumar said raids are being conducted to arrest Raja.The firemen took six hours to fight the blaze and till then the traffic on the NH-73 remained blocked.The 14,000 litres petrol was transferred to another oil tanker of Hindustan Petroleum and taken to HP's godown in Nalagarh in Solan district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556691", "title": "Fraudsters swipe credit cards to shop for Rs 1.85 lakh", "text": "AURANGABAD: Thursday came as a rude shock for as many as five people including two doctors from the city, who fell prey to two fake bank employees who took away their credit cards on the pretext of increasing the credit limit.The accused using the same modus operandi, duped all the five victims to the tune of Rs 1.85 lakh within 48 hours of the first incident. The case was transferred to the cyber cell on Saturday night.Police have sent a team to Indore to nab the accused, after it was learnt through their cellphone surveillance that the accused were from Madhya Pradesh. The victims claim that the act seems to be an insider job and have sought an enquiry.On December 4, homeopath Pradeep Garge received a call from a person claiming to be the relationship officer of a reputed private bank and asked for an appointment so that Garge's credit card limit could be extended to Rs 1.5 lakh from the existing Rs 64, 000. The accused visited the doctor on Thursday, took a copy of his pan card, two photos and pretended to destroy his credit card in front of him. On Saturday, Garge received a message on his cellphone informing him about his card being used to shop for Rs 38,000. Garge blocked his card and informed the police.Using the same modus operandi, the accused approached cardiologist Satish Roplekar on Friday around 7 pm and said that his credit card needed replacement. The cheat took away Roplekar's credit card and made him fill the form and assured him of a new credit card via post. Around 7.45 pm Roplekar received two text messages informing about shopping of Rs 20, 000 and Rs 3, 000 done using his card.On Saturday morning Roplekar approached the Jawaharnagar police station and lodged a complaint against unidentified accused.The accused also cheated one Ghanshyam Rathi, Jagdeep Kumar and Mohammed Ali in the same manner, taking the total amount in the five cases to Rs 1.85 lakh.Jagdeep Kumar, an IT expert, was also duped. Kumar said, \"I received a call from the one of the accused who asked me to come to the bank to deposit my card and get another with a higher limit. When I turned down their request, they offered to send their representative. After I learned that I was duped for Rs 25,000 by the impostors, I realized they had all my personal details.\"Speaking to TOI, Garge said, \"The act seems to be a well-planned one, where hi-tech gadgets were used to cheat five people. It may be an insider's job. The person may have given the details.\" Roplekar felt that only after the accused are arrested would they know how they had accessed their details.Deputy commissioner of police (headquarter) Somnath Gharge said, \"The cellphone numbers that were used for calling the victims have been traced to Indore. We have sent a team to gather all the details of the cards and nab the accused. We are also looking for CCTV footage of the accused from the shops and malls where they shopped.\"A senior police official said one is at utmost risk when one hands over the credit card to pay bills. The skimmer could be tucked away in someone's pocket and could read the card in a flash. In most cases the racket recruits employees in shops and restaurants, say investigators.Though the first step seems to be easy, the next step (of forging a card) isn't. Hi-tech equipment is needed to transfer the stolen data to a card and replicate the bank's stickers and holograms.This is what points to an organised racket, they added. One won't know how the credit card has been copied, reproduced and used until you get a huge bill \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for a purchase that was never made, investigators said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552102", "title": "Madurai adheenam gets new \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcthambiran\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MADURAI: Senior pontiff of Madurai Adheenam Arunagirinatha Desikar has appointed a new \"thambiran\" (chief disciple) for the mutt.Desikar announced the appointment and introduced Thiruchitrambala Thambiran (36) to reporters at the mutt premises on Sunday. He was earlier serving as thambiran of the Thiruvavaduthurai Aadheenam. He hails from Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district and has done a diploma in dairy management.It is a pre-requisite that a person who is appointed as junior pontiff should be a Thambiran in the particular mutt. In fact, the sudden announcement of Nithyananda as junior pontiff in April this year, bypassing such norms, had raised a hue and cry among Hindu outfits and other mutts in the state. Eventually, Nithyananda was removed from the position after the Madurai Adheenam faced the threat of being taken over by the state government.However, Desikar did not commit as to whether Tiruchitrambala Thambiran would be made his junior pontiff in place of Nithyananda.Interacting with media persons here, Desikar said Thiruchitrambala Thambiran expressed his desire to serve in the Madurai Aadheenam after the demise of Thiruvavaduthurai Aadheenam, Sivaprakasa Desiga Paramachariar Swamigal recently and he was not willing to remain back in the Aadheenam anymore. \"Based on his request, he has been made the Thambiran of Madurai Adheenam\", he said. When asked about the prospects of him being made the next pontiff, Desikar said, \"It is the will of Lord Shiva and Parvathy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17555878", "title": "Manipuri film 'Leipaklei' to open 5th Guwahati festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted Manipuri film director Aribam Syam Sharma on Sunday said the northeast has the potential to become a film festival destination for southeast Asian films owing to its geographical location.Sharma is in the city for the premiere of his latest film 'Leipaklei' in the 5th Guwahati Film Festival, which starts on Monday. He said the region is not getting the importance it ought to. \"There is a need to organize more film festivals in the region to provide a better opportunity for films from the region and promote cultural understanding,\" he added. 'Leipaklei' will be the inaugural film for the 5{+t}{+h} Guwahati Film Festival.\"Films from the northeast are neglected at times as we are in minority. But we don't need to wait around for recognition from other bodies and approval from the Centre as recognition from the people and artistes of the region is enough,\" said Sharma.He added, \"There should be more film festivals organized in the region and they should be given an attractive outlook to draw people. Opening the Guwahati Film Festival with a northeastern film is a good thing.\"Sharma's latest venture 'Leipaklei' was premiered last month at the Kolkata Film Festival. 'Leipaklei', which will be premiered for the second time at the Guwahati film festival on Monday, is based on award-winning play 'Tritha Yatra'.One of the film's actors Leishangthem Tonthoingambi Devi won the best supporting actress at the 59th National Film Award. \"It was my dream to work with him. My role is about a woman who has been abandoned by her husband. It traces her journey as she raises her child without her husband's support,\" Devi said.The festival will continue till December 16 and Aribam Syam Sharma will be the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550138", "title": "Opposition releases black paper on irrigation", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition on Sunday unveiled a 'black paper' that punched a few holes in the estimates mentioned in the state's white paper on irrigation.The saffron combine sought to throw light on the cost escalations that the state government justified in the construction of dams in Konkan and Vidharbha.\"The black paper counters several claims made by the white paper in the schedule rates quoted by the Maharashtra government,\" said a state BJP functionary.\"It also highlights the unscientific methods used to calculate total area brought under irrigation,\" he added.According to the BJP's findings, a central task force had set a benchmark of Rs 1.7 lakh to bring a hectare under irrigation. \"However, the white paper puts this cost at Rs 4. 18 lakh (per hectare),\" the functionary claimed. The BJP report's author, Devendra Fadnavis, said the black paper's statistics are based on the findings of government panels. The report highlights \"glaring anomalies\" in the 'schedule rates' quoted by the Maharashtra government in its white paper. The government estimates were based on derived rates rather than district schedule rates (DSR), the BJP leader claimed. \"The white paper puts the estimate of blasting of a cubic metre of rock at Rs 236.10 (DSR). But the actual derived rate was Rs 600,\" the BJP's report stated.\"These derived rates were arrived at on the basis of some ambiguous conditions. The government paid contractors at these rates,\" said Fadnavis. \"The DSRs in other states are less than that of Maharashtra, debunking the government claim that its rates were lowest. The DSRs for blasting in Andhra Pradesh is Rs 344, Rs 319 in Karnataka, Rs 275 in Gujarat,\" he added.The opposition's report alleged that most projects were started without initiating the rehabilitation process. \"There is no question of justifying the escalation on this account (rehabilitation),\" said the functionary.The report also stated that: there was no scientific method to calculate the irrigation potential. \"The white paper also hid the irrigation potential of other states, while pegging its own at 17.9%. The figure for the same is 47.4% in AP, 29% in Karnataka, 22 % in Goa and 39.5% in Gujarat. When the white paper could highlight DSR rates in these states, which it claimed were on the higher side, how could they not highlight the irrigation potential which grew double as compared to Maharashtra,\" said Fadnavis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17553346", "title": "Google celebrates Ada Lovelace's 197th birthday with a doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google commemorates Ada Lovelace's 197th birthday with a facinating doodle.Ada Lovelace, often considered as the world's first computer programmer, was born on December 10, 1815. She was an English mathematician and her works on analytical engine plays a crucial role in the evolution of computer.She is remembered especially for her work on the Analytical Engine, a proposed mechanical computer designed by Charles Babbage, English mathematician.Her interest in mathematics developed during her young age.Apart from her work on the Analytical Engine, Ada is also known for her translation work Luigi Menabrea on the engine which was a complex task.Ada Lovelace died on November 27, 1852 due to uterine cancer.Today's Google doodle pays tribute to her works.The doodle features Ada Lovelace creating computer notes. It also displays few images of antique computer machines to laptops that tells the evolution of the machine.The Google logo is formed by the quill of the paper scroll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17552172", "title": "PIMS power bill dues touch Rs 75L", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as the PIMS medical and education charitable society has failed to pay the outstanding power bills of Rs 55 lakh, the due amount has now piled up to Rs 75 lakh with this month's fresh bill.Senior Powercom officials revealed that they added the fresh amount of Rs 20 lakh to the due bill, but still there was no word from the society headed by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra. PIMS is remaining in darkness since Thursday after the power company disconnected the supply.Even though, Rakhra was in the city on Sunday to attend a function of CT institute, he avoided visiting the crisis-ridden PIMS, which is also facing a strike by employees due to non-payment of salaries. Even the doctors have not been paid their salaries for the past four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551749", "title": "Tech that: Your next boss could be a computer!", "text": "LONDON: The first fully automatic computer system that can delegate tasks to human workers has been developed by a US-based scientist. Daniel Barowy, a computer scientist at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst has created 'AutoMan' that delegates tricky problems to human workers through crowd-sourcing platforms such as Amazon's Mechanical Turk.\"I'd rather have a computer as my boss than a jerk,\" says Barowy.Artificial intelligence is improving all the time, but computers still struggle to complete certain tasks that are easy for us, such as quickly reading a car's license plate or translating a joke, the New Scientist reported. To get round this, people can post such tasks on platforms like Mechanical Turk for others to complete. Barowy wanted to automate this process \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and 'Auto-Man' was born.\"We think of it as a new kind of computing. It changes the kind of things you can do,\" he said. Auto-Man was designed to send out jobs, manage workers, accept or reject work and make payments. The quality guarantee is the most important contribution of the work, says Barowy. \"You're replacing people's bosses with a computer. Without a mechanism for addressing the quality of worker output, full automation is not possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556319", "title": "Mother, infant death rate to be addressed", "text": "AURANGABAD: Compared to developing countries like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, India has the highest mother-infant mortality rate. My target would be to implement the National Rural Health Scheme effectively and bring down the mortality rate,\" said Devidas Athawale, deputy director of Aurangabad district health department.\"My aim would be to motivate the employees and complete the pending work,\" he said, adding, \"Along with my team I will work hard to achieve the targets set by the government.\"Rendering curative services at district-level hospitals would also be on the priority list of Athawale. \"If timely treatment is made available at district-level hospitals then the patients from rural areas would not have to rush to the Government Medical College Hospital ( GMCH), thereby reducing the load. Making emergency services available at the primary health centres ( PHC) and government hospitals tops my agenda,\" he said.\"Doctors would also be appealed to reside at their workplace. This would help patients seek services on time,\" he said. \"And to ensure smooth sailing of the system, the department will be holding meetings on the 12th of every month,\" he added. After a gap of about four years, the post of deputy director of health has been filled. The deputy director of health handles the work of four districts - Aurangabad, Parbhani, Jalna and Nanded. The post has been lying vacant since M I J Kaazi retired in 2008. Also, out of 92 vacant posts of medical officers in Aurangabad division, 68 have been filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17553817", "title": "Annoyed by parents' scolding over poor academic record 13-year-old ends her life", "text": "INDORE: Annoyed by her parents' constant scolding over her poor academic performance in the annual exam, a 13-year-old girl reportedly ended her life by hanging herself inside her room at 9 pm here on Friday evening. The tragic incident occurred in Khajarana.Asmina, daughter of Yaqub Ali was resident of Baba Fareed Nagar, Khajarana.Khajarana police station in-charge DS Baghel said that the girl committed suicide by hanging herself in her room at around 9 pm. However, the police received information only from the hospital when the girl was brought there by the family.\"The girl was poor in studies and had got a supplementary in her class 10 examination last year. She was a student in the school being run by her father,\" said DS Baghel.Her parents scolded her as she had watched television the entire day. They also mentioned her poor record in study. After few hours, the girl ended her life. On noticing her hanging they first rushed her to a local hospital and then to MY Hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead.The girl was the step daughter of Yaqub Ali, said Baghel. However, there was a cordial environment inside the family.Police will interrogate the family members later as they are not in condition to talk. The body was sent to MY Hospital for the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554236", "title": "Programme focuses on violence against women", "text": "RANCHI: Violence against women is a major crime in the country and to deal with this evil, Xavier Institute of Social Services (XISS), along with Oxfam India, started a 16-day activism programme at various schools of city on Friday.Fr Ranjit Toppo, assistant director of XISS said, \"We have started the programme in order to spread awareness among school students as the future of country lies in the hands of youth.\"The programme started at Kairali school and Rayeen Urdu Girls High School on Thursday followed by a programme at Delhi Public School on Friday.Students were briefed on meaning of violence, gender based violence and how this tarnishes the belief of equality and social justice. The issues, challenges and concerns associated with violence were discussed. The magnitude of violence in India and in Jharkhand was also discussed.The programme was inaugurated by Fr. Ranjit Toppo where he said, \"Violence against women is a very sensitive issue and men and women have to be sensitized on the issue to ensure equality for every citizen.\"Quoting the records of national crime record bureau, programme coordinator of XISS, Ragini Sinha said, \"In country, one woman suffers with cruelty by husband every nine minutes, one molestation case occurs every 15 minutes, one sexual harassment case every 53 minutes, and one rape case every 29 minutes.\"In the programme, students were informed about the forms of violence against women like child marriage, rape, sexual harassment and 13 other as identified by United Nations Population Funds (UNFPA).Measures for curbing the violence was also discussed at the programme. Sinha said, \"development of data base, recognition of violence, fact finding missions, coverage from media and other such steps can prevent this evil.\"\"If anyone comes across a woman facing any kind of violence he should inform her about the ways to deal with it, \" she added.The session at all the schools were ended with oath being taken by the boys that they will not take dowry in their wedding.Priyansh Gupta, a student of Kairali school said, \"The information was useful and helped us understand this major evil of society. I will definitely not take violence and make sure that I don't ever take any such step in my life that would create any type of problem for women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554399", "title": "Demi Moore continues to party in Miami till 4 in the morning", "text": "A few nights after she resurfaced dancing and goofing off at an Art Basel party alongside Lenny Kravitz, Stacy Keibler and an unidentified cat, Demi Moore continued to party with a group of pals on December 8.According to a source, the 'Ghost' star began her night at the club FDR.\"The whole table was drinking,\" the insider told Us magazine.\"She sat between two guys and was laughing, having fun,\" the source said.After making \"the rounds\" at other Miami hotspots (including Le Baron at Nikki Beach), Moore and her pals arrived at the club Rec Room around 4 am, where they took a table toward the back and ordered \"a bunch of beer,\" the source said.The only thing missing was food.\"They were all starving,\" the source said-moving the group to ask their security team to secure some burgers and fries.\"They sat in the club eating burgers and fries and drinking beer until the club closed and the lights went on,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555728", "title": "Retired DIG injured in road accident", "text": "BHOPAL: Four persons including a retired IPS officer - A S Chaudhary - were injured after the car they were travelling in, collided head-on with another vehicle in Hoshangabad district on Sunday.Police said Chaudhary was on his way to Bhopal from Harda in private vehicle when another vehicle from the opposite direction hit his car. While Chaudhary was rushed to Bhopal, other three were referred to the district hospital Hoshangabad.The incident occurred near a canal in Seoni Malwa. Chaudhary, who retired from the rank of DIG, sustained injuries in his spine and was rushed to hospital, said the Hosangabad SP I P Arjariya. Investigation was on in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17551057", "title": "'Every tribal family to get free biogas unit'", "text": "MARGAO: Minister for tribal welfare Ramesh Tawadkar inaugurated a biogas cooking unit by lighting the flame for a stove on Sunday, at Padi, Quepem.Tawadkar went on to announce that every tribal family will be given a biogas unit free of cost during his keynote address at the week long awareness programme on eco systems that was organized by Don Bosco watershed in collaboration with directorate of agriculture.Referring to local agricultural produce, Tawadkar explained to the audience comprising tribal families that had gathered from the neighbouring villages as well as school students and other members of the audience, the importance of natural resources available to them.\"Every tribal village is rich in itself and the villager does not need to go to the city for bettering his prospects but he can use the natural resources available in the village to become richer and more self sufficient,\" he said.Tawardkar invited the Don Bosco society to make a presentation in Canacona on the bio gas systems. Fr George Quadros, director of Don Bosco watershed, said that a holistic approach was needed for development and explained how the solar and bio gas unites are providing the tribal's an eco-friendly and a healthier life. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554821", "title": "STR &amp; Shankar launches Santhanam's KLTA", "text": "The audio launch of Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) starring himself and Power Star Srinivasan and VTV Ganesh was a grand function held at the Devi Cineplex on Sunday (Dec 9) evening. The audio was launched by Shankar and received by STR who has done a cameo.A trailer, a teaser and two songs were shown from the film that is produced by Santhanam under his his Handmade Films banner. Rajesh, Udayanidhi Stalin, Kannan, KR, Pannerselvam, Abirami Ramanathan were among others who graced the event.The music is by Thaman who was also present and the film seems like a complete laugh riot with every line bringing down the roof. A club song with Santhanam, Powerstar Dr Srinivasan and debutant Sethu and heroine Vishakha Singh was screened along with a song titled 'love letter' between Santhanam and Vishakha, which was a take on an old hit number.' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' is ready to release on 21st December alongside Bala's ' Paradesi ' starring Aadharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17551040", "title": "Bhiwani college fines girls for wearing jeans", "text": "ROHTAK: Four girls invited the wrath of Adarsh Women College, Bhiwani, on Friday as they attended classes wearing jeans and T-shirt. A fine of Rs 100 was imposed on each of them. Though college authorities justified their action citing that the girls had flouted the dress code, the incident has not gone down well with students and a section of the faculty members.College principal Alka Sharma said the girls were fined for violating the dress code, which has been there ever since college came into existence in 1970.\"The college management has implemented a dress code for students and staff. The girls must wear white salwar kameez on every Monday and any colour salwar kameez rest of the days. The women staff must come dressed in saris, while formal trousers and shirt is the dress code for the male staff. With the changing time, we have allowed the girls to wear jeans paired with long kurta, but these girls were wearing T-shirts,\" she said.\"Another reason to impose this ban is to maintain the decorum of the college, every child should look same irrespective of what class she belongs, and through this nobody will have superiority and inferiority complex. Considering all these things, all students will come in Indian dress and would not wear jeans and t-shirts as it attracts men,\" said Sharma.College sources, however, maintained that though students have objection to this dress code and have even opposed it on several occasions, authorities remained unmoved.Related blog: Jeans and India: Denim Denim ka Bandhan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17551055", "title": "Seraulim sarpanch submits resignation", "text": "MARGAO: Seby Noronha, sarpanch of the village panchayat Seraulim, submitted his resignation to the directorate of panchayat (DoP) on the grounds that he had to attend to personal commitments.Noronha, who was recently elected in May, said that he had followed the due process in submitting his resignation to all the authorities concerned, including the Salcete block development officer (BDO).Noronha, speaking on his term as sarpanch, said that all the resolutions of the panchayat had been forwarded to the various government departments and that the corresponding tenders were being prepared.He pointed out that the panchayat has proposed to get three more transformers for the village as the existing transformers in Seraulim were insufficient. He added the panchayat had also proposed to construct a sluice gate to save the farmers extra costs of constructing a bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551803", "title": "Now, SMSs can be projected on your contact lens", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new technology that allows electronic messages sent from mobile phones to be directly projected on to contact lens placed in the recipient's eyes.The technology, developed by Belgian researchers, allows information such as text messages from a mobile phone to the contact lenses.Ghent University's centre of micro-systems technology developed the spherical curved LCD display which can be embedded in contact lenses and handle projected images using wireless technology, The Telegraph reported.The new technology allows the whole curved surface of the lens to be used, unlike previous contact lens displays, which are limited to a few small pixels to make up an image. One application suggested by the researchers is a \"one pixel, fully covered contact lens acting as adaptable sunglasses\" .\"This will never replace the cinema screen for films. But for specific applications it may be interesting to show images such as road directions or projecting text messages from our smart phones straight to our eye,\" said professor Herbert De Smet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555117", "title": "Midnight\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Children to be screened today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Midnight's Children', based on Salman Rushdie's novel by the same title, will be screened at the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) on Monday.The screening will be held at Anjali theatre at 6 pm. Film producer David Hamilton, director Deepa Mehta, actors Rajat Kapoor and Rahul Bose will also be present.The film, which was earlier screened at Toronto International Film Festival, had won wide accolades. The screenplay of the film is written by Rushdie.About six films will be screened for the second time on IFFK on Monday. The films are Filmisthan, Ivan's Woman, Present Tense, Nos Vemos Papa, The Last Step and Bhoomiyude Avakashikal.On the third day of IFFK, Kerala State Chalachithra Academy chairman Priyadarshan inaugurated a two-day round table seminar organised by South Asian Children's Cinema Forum.Film director Hariharan, Sri Lankan director Somaratne Dissanayake, Pakistani filmmaker Usman Peerzada also attended the seminar which will conclude on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551193", "title": "Match unrest spills onto streets, 12 cops injured", "text": "KOLKATA: The violence that broke out at Salt Lake Stadium, over the abandoned football match between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan, spilled onto the streets, leaving nearly 20 supporters and 12 policemen injured. With angry supporters pelting stones at each other, police had to resort to lathicharge to bring the situation under control.Police have detained over two dozen fans for fanning the violence.Commuters had to bear the brunt of the unrest since it sparked a traffic snarl on Eastern Metropolitan Bypass (EMB). The stretch witnessed slow movement of vehicles for nearly three hours and the situation returned to normal only at 7pm.Trouble started at 4pm on Sunday after police had to drive out the agitating crowd to vacate the stadium. Angry at the turn of the events, supporters went on a rampage even outside the match venue. Fans of both the clubs pelted stones at each other and reports of physical assaults also poured in.A truck carrying East Bengal supporters attacked a matador with the rival Mohun Bagan fans. Besides forces from the Bidhannagar police commissionerate, a large contingent from the city police headquarters also rushed in to salvage the situation. Though the stadium falls under the Bidhannagar police commissionerate, EM Bypass is under the jurisdiction of Kolkata Police. With supporters refusing to relent, police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the crowd.There were also reports of rival supporters pelting stones at the crowd gathered at the hospital where Mohun Bagan player Rahim Nabi was being treated.City police officers said that fans of both the sides brought all kinds of missiles, including brickbats, into the stadium. \"Once they were driven out of the stadium, a fresh violence broke out outside the stadium. Our first priority was to disperse the fans, so that EMB did not get choked. Moreover, we tried our best to dissuade the supporters from attacking the passing vehicles along EMB. So, we tried not to allow any assembly of fans at any nook and corner of the road,\" said a senior city police officer.Despite attempts by police to ease traffic movement, vehicles continued to move at a snail's pace on EMB. Airport-bound vehicles were diverted along the Chingrihata flyover to remove congestion. Traffic situation became normal only after 7pm, long after the vehicles of supporters had been dispersed.The clash was a reminder of the violence that broke out between the fans of Mohun Bagan and East Bengal at the Eden Gardens in 1980. The incident had killed 16 people and left many injured.Though Sunday's unrest was at a lower scale, what came as a surprise was the way sticks, brickbats and crackers were sneaked into the stadium.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajiv Kumar, however, denied that supporters had brought in sticks and bottles.\"It is not true that the brickbats were brought from outside. The stadium has debris strewn all over it. The way things were turning for worse, anything could have happened. We are thankful that timely police action saved the day. My force showed exemplary restraint on the face of violence. We resorted to mild lathicharge,\" he said.The unrest at the stadium over the abandoned football match between the East Bengal and Mohun Bagan spilled over on the street outside the stadium, leaving a score of supporters and nearly half a dozen policemen injured. The major north-south life-line - Eastern Metropolitan Bypass (EMB) - turned into battle ground for a period in the early evening, till police resorted to lathicharge to bring the situation under control. Nearly three hours - traffic movement slowThe traffic came to a grinding halt as police made desperate attempt to disperse the angry suporters. The incident of stone-pelting between fans of both clubs continued even outside the stadium. There were cases of physical assaults by the fans. A strong police force rushed from the city police headquarters to salvage the situation. Though the stadium falls under the Bidhannagar police commissionerate, Easten Metropolitan Bypass is within the jurisdiction of the Kolkata police.The city police officers said that fans of both the sides brought all kinds of missiles, including brickbats. \"Once they were driven out of the stadium, a fresh violence broke out outside the stadium. Our first priority was to disperse the fans so that EMB did not get choked. Moreover, we tried our best to dissuade the supporters from attacking the passing vehicles along EMB. So we tried not to allow any assembly of fans at any nook and cranny,\" said a senior city police officer who rushed to the spot after hearing the incident.There were a number of clashes erupted on EMB at around 4 p.m. A truck carrying East Bengal fans attacked a matador carrying Mohan Bagan fans. The police had to resort to lathicharge to stop the clash. Later the vehicles were diverted along two different roads. Police detained over two dozen fans for fanning the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550520", "title": "Fuel surcharge adjustment in power bills floors Hyderabad consumers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Power consumers are confused over payment of fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA) for the first quarter of 2010-11, being collected by the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) in December. Though the high court had last week stayed collection of surcharge for the 2010-11 financial year, powers bills issued to consumers by the discom include FSA for June 2010.Even after the court order, the CPDCL has neither clarified whether it would issue revised bills nor asked consumers not to pay FSA for June 2010.Now, consumers are waiting for a breather as the amount reflected in the latest bills is several times more than the actual power consumption charges. For instance, V B Subramaniyam of Begumpet was handed out a bill of Rs 1,931 in the first week of December. For 187 units, his power consumption charges were shown as Rs 573. However, the shocker was the FSA component in the bill, which was Rs 1,300. Similarly, Venkat Narayan, a resident of Uppal, received Rs 2,200 power bill, including Rs 1,500 as FSA.Unable to understand the FSA component, several consumers have been approaching the CPDCL authorities seeking clarifications.\"There is nobody to clarify on FSA being collected this month. Staff at revenue collection centres are not even aware of how FSA is calculated,\" K Dattatri a resident of Bairamalguda, said.Official sources said November power bill (issued in December) was higher for all customers as FSA for the first quarter of 2012-13 i.e. May 2012 and 2010-11 i.e. June 2010 were included.\"The CPDCL is collecting Rs 1.32 per unit on power consumption (units) in May 2012 and Rs 0.15 paise per unit on consumption in June 2010. Since power consumption peaks in summer i.e. May, most consumers have huge FSA charges,\" a superintending engineer of CPDCL said.The AP Electricity Regulatory Commission has permitted discoms to collect FSA for the first quarter of 2012-13 till January 2013, which means power bills next month might also be high. The sources said that the FSA being collected for the first quarter of 2010-11 did not make any major benefit as charges were only 0.15 paise per unit.When contacted, CPDCL director (Finance) P Rajagopal Reddy said that they had directed their staff not to collect FSA for the first quarter of 2010-11 as per the court direction. Even if consumers pay the amount, it would be adjusted in subsequent bills, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555685", "title": "338 vehicles have no authority letter to use yellow beacon", "text": "BHOPAL: More than two-thirds of vehicles of officials eligible for yellow beacon do not have the authority letter from regional transport officer (RTO) to use it. In Bhopal , only 162 out of some 500 such vehicles have taken authority letter from the RTO.This despite the fact that about two months ago, the home minister had directed that drivers on VIP duty on private vehicles must also have order issued by transport office regarding use of beacon and an authority letter should be pasted on vehicle being used by officials. Guidelines to this effect were also sent by the additional secretary home to all district collectors and SPs, RTO officials said.RTO M L Soni talking to TOI said, \"Only 162 officials have taken permission for yellow beacon out of which 90 are judges and 75 are other officials. The transport commissioner has directed that those flouting norms should be brought to book.\"Some traffic police officials don't have the required authority letter and ironically, they also carry out checking of beacon lights with RTO officials.The department, on the other hand, is defensive and blames the RTO instead of delay. ASP traffic Monika Shukla said, \"We have already sent a letter to the RTO with names and designations of the officials eligible for yellow beacon. A second reminder letter would be issued soon.\"What law says?According to rule 108, clause III of Central Motor Vehicles Rules of 1989 after permission from the RTO has been issues, the authority letter has to be stuck to the windscreen of the vehicle of the official. Any official found without the authority letter can be taken action against.Who are eligibleDivisional commissioner, transport commissioner, excise commissioner, zonal IGs/IG fire brigade service, district collector, district and sessions judge and chief judicial magistrates and all the judicial officers of the state. Besides, range DIGs, SPs, mayors of municipal corporations, chairpersons of municipal corporations, chairpersons and vice-chairpersons of zila panchayats, state protocol officer, dy commissioner transport, additional district judicial magistrate/sub-divisional judicial magistrate and all executive judicial magistrates ASPs/SDOP/CSPs. Regional/additional/district transport officer/officers in charge of flying squads of transport and forest departments, district commandant home guards, city inspector of police, fire officers, district commercial taxes officers and officers of above rank in CT department engaged in enforcement work. District excise officers and officers of above rank in the excise department engaged in enforcement work.Those with permissionExcise department, district judge, income tax , transport department, sub divisional magistrate (SDM), principal secretary MP government, railways, assistant commissioner anti-corruption bureau, Gram Nyayalaya.rageshri.ganguly@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551688", "title": "Gulzar hasn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t retired yet!", "text": "MUMBAI: Lyricist-filmmaker Gulzar displayed his candid self again on Sunday, at the 'Dil Dhoondta Hai' session , conversing with his biographer Nasreen Munni Kabir and Filmfare editor Jitesh Pillai.As Pillai quizzed him on people and events in Kabir's book, In Conversation with a Poet, Gulzar confessed: \"I've been written about so much, now I feel totally exposed.\" He spoke about his journey from Dina (now in Pakistan) to Delhi then Mumbai, and people he worked with. \"I came to films accidently,\" he recalled. Lyricist Shailendra sent him to Bimal Roy who initially doubted his ability. But when Gulzar penned the evergreen 'Mora gora rang lai le' for Roy's Bandini, it was beginning of a long, fascinating innings. He went on to work with several directors , from Roy and Hrishikesh Mukherjee to Mani Ratnam and Vishal Bhardwaj. Asked if he would direct more films, he said, \"I have not retired yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17551144", "title": "Blast rocks Manipur ahead of Rahul\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit", "text": "IMPHAL: A day ahead of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's Manipur visit, rebels exploded a powerful bomb at Koubru Leikha along national highway 2 in Senapati district on Sunday, injuring two BSF jawans.After landing at Imphal airport on Monday morning, Rahul will address a meeting at Hapta Kangjeibung in the palace compound in Imphal East, Manipur Congress leaders said. Rahul will inaugurate a state-level convention for local self-government and UPA's 16-point flagship programmes, said Manipur PCC president and deputy CM Gaikhangam.Despite tight security,rebels triggered the IED explosion at Koubru Leikai about 25km from Imphal around 11am, injuring the two BSF jawans, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17553937", "title": "Pay property tax on Dec 15 and get surcharge waiver up to 100 %", "text": "INDORE: If you have not paid your property tax till now, pay it on December 15 and get the benefits of surcharge exemption of upto 100 per cent. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will organize a one-day camp for property tax defaulters under Mega Lok Adalat at Gandhi Hall and all the zonal offices of civic body on December 15.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said civic body will give exemption in surcharge over property tax dues. Those who have pending dues of upto Rs 50,000, will get 100 per cent waiver of surcharge, while those who have property tax dues in the range of Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh, will get surcharge waiver of 50 per cent and property tax dues above Rs 1 lakh will get 25 per cent waiver in surcharge.\"Waiver in surcharge will be meant only for one day and people can pay their dues in two installments. Fifty per cent of tax dues will have to be paid on December 15 itself and the remaining amount can be paid in second installment,\" Moghe said.Mayor said exemption in surcharge over pending tax dues is being given by state government on the initiative of Madhya Pradesh High Court which is organizing a Mega Lok Adalat to dispose of a huge number of pending cases.\"We expect more and more people to get benefited from it,\" Moghe said, adding that the civic body will inform people about this camp through loudspeaker, advertisements and hoardings.Secretary IMC, Ahay Rajangaokar, said that until now only 1.75 lakh people are paying their tax regularly and through this drive they are planning to take number of tax payers to 2.25 lakh.\"We are hopeful of collecting around Rs 40 to Rs 50 crore of pending dues on December 15,\" Rajangaokar said.He further said that in the last two and half months, the civic body has put hoardings on around 1,200 empty plots that have not paid their property tax as yet, saying that this particular cannot be sold and purchased without settling the pending tax dues.\"Following this, around 500 plot owners have settled their dues until now and others are in process,\" said Rajngaokar, adding that they have also sealed around 250 houses, flats and shops out of which around 100 have settled their dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mohar singh nagar", "code": "17554456", "title": "Christmas 2012: Bells toll to usher in Yuletide for residents", "text": "MOHAR SINGH NAGAR: Christmas celebrations at the Marthoma Church in Mohar Singh Nagar was well attended on Saturday evening. Father Bijoy Daniel of the Marthoma Church said, \"More than 400 people participated in the celebrations, besides, 65 members of the Christmas choir led the service.\" The soulful melodies of carols gave depth to the celebrations. For children however, the highlight of the event was Santa Claus distributing sweets among them. Devotees prayed for world peace and welfare of people.Father George Thomas of the Trinity College , Jalandhar delivered the main message. Later, a Christmas cake was served. Saju Ninan, a businessman of Moti Nagar, said, \"Every Christmas function has a unique sanctity associated with it. I felt blessed to be part of this event.\"Saying that they prayed for the well being of everyone in the world, Saju said they have started preparing for Christmas.Abraham Sakriah, a CMC Staff member and resident of Kidwai Nagar, said praying hastened one's evolution as a human being by sharpening the higher instincts. \"Prayers are a way of reaching out to God and getting His blessings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17553855", "title": "Students brainstorm amid cheer at Quizomania", "text": "INDORE: Zeal and enthusiasm marked the aura at 'Quizomania,' the inter-school quiz contest organized by The Times of India at Vidyasagar School on Saturday. Around 500 students from more than 50 schools across the city participated in the event, divided into two stages.Six teams with three members each were first selected for the second stage based on their performance in the written test. Second stage spread over six rounds was based on quiz and it was conducted by quizmaster Dyu D'Cunha. It had the theme 'test cricket,' and was played by the six finalist teams.The first of the six round was named 'Team Selection' where the teams chose the difficulty of the question level themselves. The question posed against 'a score of six' was greater in difficulty level as opposed to the question for 'a score of four.' In the final round 'Turning Track,' which was a rapid fire round, Delhi Public School ( DPS) team turned the table and catapulted themselves from the third rank to the top position. Shishukunj International School grabbed the second spot while Choithram School ( Manek Bagh) remained at the third position. The other three finalist teams were Daly College, Sanmati Higher Secondary School and Satya Saai Higher Secondary School.\"I am extremely impressed with the kind of response we received here today. The children were well prepared and ready for the challenge. I have been to Indore earlier but this is the first time, I hosted a contest for school kids here. The number of schools that turned up for participation revealed their enthusiasm,\" said the quizmaster Dyu D'Cunha.Another competition, which was held there along with the quiz contest, was cheerleading competition. \"Visiting students were upbeat for this category as well. They had come prepared with placards with social messages and trumpets and their roaring voices only added to the excitement of participants,\" said D'Cunha. Message of saving the girl child spread by Vidyasagar students was also very enlightening.Principal, Vidyasagar School said, \"We are glad to have hosted this event. About the quiz, I would say the children these days have unlimited access to the information and it was reflected during the contest. The questions prepared for the contest were interesting and based on current issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17555721", "title": "Kalyan Jewellers targets Rs 16,000 crore turnover this financial year", "text": "VADODARA: Kerala-based leading jewellery chain - Kalyan Jewellers - is targeting Rs 16,000 crore annual turnover in this financial year, chairman and managing director of Kalyan Jewellers T S Kalyanaraman said.\"In the last financial year we had crossed Rs 10,000 crore annual turnover mark. As we are expanding our footprint with the target of having 100 showrooms by 2015, we are hoping to achieve Rs 16,000 crore turnover this financial year,\" said Kalyanaraman, after inauguration of the chain's 44 th showroom here.The Vadodara showroom which was inaugurated by Bollywood actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan as brand ambassador on Sunday, is Kalyan's third showroom in Gujarat after it opened showrooms in Ahmedabad and Rajkot earlier this year.The group which had forayed into jewellery retailing two decades ago in 1993 and has presence in four southern states stepped out of South India and forayed into the western state of Gujarat with its first store in Ahmedabad in September this year.The flagship brand of 100-year-old Kalyan Group, which had its origins in textile manufacturing and retailing, is planning to open six more showrooms in this financial year.\"We will be opening our fourth showroom in Gujarat at Surat this year while in January-February 2013, we will open showrooms at Pune, Thane, Borivali and Bandra in Maharashtra,\" said Kalyanaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549651", "title": "Vice-chancellor to go to cops over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfake\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 entry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh will lodge an FIR against what he claims to be a fake entry in his name in a well-respected e-listing site of research scholars. The site, ResearchID, hosted by Thomson Reuters, lists 22 research publications under Dinesh Singh's name out of which five are authored or co-authored by another scholar of Delhi University, D Singh of Aurobindo College.Singh said he had \"no idea how my account has been created there\". His \"account\" has been created on May 12, 2012, under the unique ResearchID number D-8260-2012, lists 22 papers in the \"papers that I have authored\" category, 17 of which are his but five aren't. If detected, this would cause acute embarrassment for the VC in the academic world.This is why when the VC's attention was drawn to the entry under what purports to be his, Singh was angry. He pointed out that the account attributed to Singh had his earlier email when he was with the mathematics department. The account also provides the link to his profile in DU's official website. \"I think my email has been hacked. I have not used that for a long time,\" he said.Among the papers that don't belong to the VC, \"Almost Perfectly Continuously Functions\", is an original work by D Singh (Davinder Singh), while four others are joint papers by Davinder Singh and a retired Hindu College professor of mathematics, J K Kohli. The incumbent DU vice-chancellor is also a professor in the department of mathematics.When contacted, Davinder Singh and Kohli initially refused to believe that their papers have been listed under the authorship of another person. When told that the papers have been listed in the name of their university VC, they said there must have been some mistake. \"Possibly it was a search engine mistake as a search in the name of D Singh would show both Dinesh Singh and Davinder Singh,\" they said.However, as per the website, there is a unique identifier which allows researchers to manage their publication lists. The website is also designed to avoid author misidentification. All the listings and management of the accounts are done by the individual and the organization or the website is not responsible for uploading and listing of publications.Prashant Tomar, manager, Thomson Reuters, said, \"It is the responsibility of the account holders to manage their accounts and there is no automated mechanism of the website itself searching for research papers of the registered scholars and uploading them.\"Asked about the controversial account, Jennifer Breen, who deals with public relations for the sciences division of Thomson Reuters, said: \"We provide a platform and support the scholarly community's workflow needs on scientific research and discovery. Our role is not to police the community, but we will of course take action to remove the titles from the member's list if it comes to our attention that members have been proven to have fraudulently claimed authorship of papers they have no rights to in the first place.\"Dinesh Singh said, \"I am shocked at this. I will take up this matter with the site as well as lodge an FIR.\"Interestingly, for registering with ResearchID one needs to give an authentic email ID which is checked by the website by sending an invitation mail which needs to be confirmed by a return mail. Only after that the registration process follows. Asked how his email has been listed at the site if he had not confirmed his address, Dinesh Singh said: \"I think my email has been hacked\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17555674", "title": "Gujarat riots: SC bench refuses to go into Zakia Jafri's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court bench said it cannot go into the issue of supplying Special Investigation Team (SIT) documents relating to the Gulburg Housing Society riot case in Ahmedabad in 2002 to the widow of slain Congress leader Ehsan Jafri.A bench of justices D K Jain and Madan B Lokur refused to examine the issue on the ground that the previous order concerning it was passed by a larger bench.The bench said the matter has to be referred to a larger bench of three judges which on September 12, 2011 had passed the order relating to supply of documents to Jafri's widow, Zakia Jafri.The bench said it would not be proper for it to pass the order and propriety also demands that the matter be referred to the larger bench which had passed the order.The apex court on September 12, 2011 had directed the SIT to forward its final report regarding the Gulburg Society riots to the local court.The SIT headed by former CBI Director R K Raghavan had probed the riot cases including the Ahmedabad Gulburg Housing Society massacre case in which Jafri, a former Congress MP, was killed.An Ahmedabad trial court had on November 27 accepted the SIT closure report filed on March 13, 2012 in the case.Zakia Jafri has filed the SLP challenging the trial court's order rejecting her plea for supply of some documents relating to the investigation in the case.Jafri was seeking the documents to file a protest petition against the SIT's closure report in the probe into the Gulburg Society riots in which 69 people, including Ehsan Jafri had been killed by a mob on February 28, 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555650", "title": "New drug halves transplant's deadly side-effect", "text": "A new drug halves the risk of serious and often deadly side-effect of lifesaving bone marrow transplant treatments, according to a new finding.The study combined vorinostat with standard drugs given after transplant, bringing down the percentage of patients developing graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) to 21, compared to 42 percent of patients who did with standard medications alone.\"GVHD is the most serious complication from transplant that limits our ability to offer it more broadly. Current prevention strategies have remained mostly unchanged over the past 20 years,\" says study co-author Sung Choi, assistant professor of paediatrics at the University of Michigan Medical School.GVHD is characterized by the transplanted stem cells producing immune cells that attack the recipient's body. The new immune cells treat the patient's normal cells as foreign invaders and begin to damage the patient's organs, according to a Michigan statement.Vorinostat is currently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration to treat certain types of cancer. But Michgian researchers, led by senior study author Pavan Reddy, found in lab studies that the drug had anti-inflammatory effects as well.Participants were older adults undergoing a reduced-intensity bone marrow transplant with cells donated from a relative. They received standard drug used post transplant to prevent GVHD. They also received vorinostat as a pill.Researchers found vorinostat was safe and tolerable with manageable side-effects. Besides, rates of patient death and cancer relapse among the study participants were similar to historical averages. The results mirror those found in the laboratory using mice.These findings were presented on Sunday at the 54th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554487", "title": "A slice of history", "text": "A rare collection of antiquarian books, maps, lithographs and etchings of Mumbai from the 16th to 20th century will be on display.There are collectors, and then there are collectors. Some collect cars, some collect books, some collect art. And some like Dilnavaz Mehta collect antiquarian maps, books, lithographs, etchings, engravings, aquatints and prints. A hobby, which turned into a passion and now a profession, makes Dilnavaz travel extensively across India to source and discover old books, maps and drawings, which have been published in and on India. She holds an annual exhibition of her collections and this time around, The Rare Finds: Hindoostan Revisited Exhibition will be displaying lithographs, etchings, books, etc, which offer a comprehensive textual and visual record of the history, geography, topography, ethnology and religious and social activities of India from the 16th century to the early 20th century.\"This is the seventh edition of the exhibition. The old maps, prints and books on display will appeal to the discerning art aficianado, the history enthusiast and the collector as well. The works present a fascinating spectacle of Hindoostan, especially Mumbai. The city is documented in the most artistic and picturesque manner, since the enquiry into the uncovering of the enigma called India, from the earliest times, has been more than a cultural and historical exercise. All the pieces at the show are limited to a piece only, which makes them rare, limited-edition artworks,\" says Dilnavaz, who has a diploma in Indian Aesthetics and is also a special guest lecturer for post graduate studies at Bombay and Benares Universities.Know your historyOld maps: With the invention of printing technology and availability of paper, from the mid-16th century onwards, the flat surface used to create a map was mainly paper on which geographical, political, geological or statistical pictorial images were created by using the print-making techniques. These old maps were usually produced by the master craftsmen who drew, engraved, printed and coloured the maps.Lithographs, engravings, etchings, aquatints and illustrations: Original prints are pictorial images which have been produced by a process, which enables them to be multiplied. Prints were published to commemorate or publicise a particular event while others would have a political or satirical theme. Masterpieces in painting, sculpture and architecture were also engraved in addition to prints on landscapes, portraits, costumes, urban views, native life, flora and fauna.Antiquarian and rare books: These are printed books, which have survived hundreds of years. Added to the antiquity of the book is its literary, historical or cultural significance. Many books were produced as numbered copies for private circulation and signed, which adds to their rarity.The exhibition can be viewed at Cymroza Art Gallery, Breach Candy, December 12 to 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551378", "title": "No hits, only misses for cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Where hit and run cases are concerned, the police record is incriminating in itself. Of 31 such cases reported in 11 months, 13 are pending. In two of the recently reported cases, even clinching evidence did not lead to headway.Most hit-and-run cases are reported on Madhya Marg, Dakshin Marg and some internal roads. The first hit and run case this year involved the death of four-year-old Gehana of Sector 38 who was run over by a speeding Scorpio near her house on February 20. The tragic end of the toddler did not move authorities much, with police failing to prove the presence of alcohol in the body of the accused, Sandeep Singh of Mohali, because he was arrested after a delay of 36 hours on February 22. The case is pending in the district court, Sector 17 while Sandeep, who had returned from Australia, was granted bail.According to police records, a 38-year-old employee of hotel Mountview, Dinesh Sharma, was the second victim of hit and run. The driver, who ran over Sharma in his speeding car at the sectors 36-37 light point on March 24, is yet to be traced.Ashwani Kumar, who lost his brother Ashok and wife Sushil to a hit and run case on May 6, told TOI, \"The accused, Punnet Singla, was traced only when we collected crucial evidence and tracked him through his car's broken registration number. Police did not do anything to trace the culprit. Six months have gone by and police officials only say that a chargesheet was filed in court against Singla but there is no one among the police to follow up the case.\"Prof Raj Malhotra, a member of traffic advisory committee, said, \"Ideally, police should trace driver involved in hit and run cases as soon as possible to ascertain the presence of drugs in their bodies. They should be awarded strict punishment by trial courts.\"Two recent fatalities in hit-run cases have exposed the tardiness with which the Chandigarh police go about investigating such cases. Even CCTV cameras installed at important roundabouts and light points don't seem to help.SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh said, \"Hit-and-run cases are being investigated on priority basis apart from casual cases of road accidents. In cases, where the vehicles involved are not identified or the number of the vehicles in question are incomplete, CCTV footage is taken. Some cases are cracked after collecting pieces broken off other cars involved.\" On December 3, a speeding Scorpio ran over 50-year-old Krishan Kumar, an MC employee in Sector 16. While police officials claimed to have accessed vital evidence about the vehicle through the CCTV cameras at the Sector 16 roundabout, the case is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551112", "title": "4 KYC deadlines missed, 55% work done", "text": "KOLKATA: The deadline for submitting the 'know-your-customer' (KYC) forms that will help consumers avail of the six subsidized LPG cylinders a year has been postponed four times already, but only 55% of the suspected multiple-connection-holders in the state have submitted it so far. The latest deadline set by the oil marketing companies (OMCs) for those having incomplete address and more than one connection is December 31.The KYC form requires personal details like name, address, bank account details and the Aadhaar number, wherever available. The state has 75 lakh domestic LPG consumers of which 16 lakh are suspected to have multiple connections. In a nationwide exercise to weed out multiple or ghost connections, the government has also decided to connect the consumer number with the unique Aadhaar number.New connections for all those who wish to avail of the government subsidy can now be issued only after completion of the KYC formalities and checking for multiple connections. But the new system is far from being in place. From September 2012 onwards, distributors have not been able to issue subsidized cylinders to new consumers as the duplication verification of the new consumers' data, which is carried out by the National Informatics Centre (NIC), is taking too long.\"Unless we get the consumers' data verified by NIC, we cannot issue the subsidized cylinders. This is creating a lot of confusion and bad blood between us and the consumer,\" admitted a distributor. A subsidized 14.2-kg LPG cylinder costs Rs 405.50 in Kolkata and the non-subsidized one costs Rs 895.50.There has been so much confusion over the KYC that irate consumers have gone on the rampage at dealers' offices at least thrice. \"In Bengal, there are a lot of addresses without a specific number. In such cases, we are asking for an address proof document like electricity or telephone bill. Also, in several cases, we have found that the LPG connection is in the name of the wife, while the address proof is in the name of the husband. These issues remain unresolved,\" explained West Bengal LPG Distributors' Association general secretary Bijon Bihari Biswas.There has been a slight rush for submitting the KYC ever since minister of state for petroleum and natural gas Panabaaka Lakshmi said in the Lok Sabha recently that multiple LPG connection-holders, who fail to furnish the KYC forms by December 31, will be suo motu converted into non-domestic exempted categories (NDEC) rate connections.Another challenge the distributors are facing is the attestation of the identity and address of the consumer by a gazetted officer. The OMCs have announced that this attestation is not mandatory. But when the distributors are submitting the KYC to OMCs, they are being referred back to the consumer.The LPG distribution system is also undergoing a metamorphosis. At the time of home delivery of LPG cylinders, the household identity is manually verified and the receipt acknowledged by the family member. Hence, the current process of LPG distribution to customers has a weak form of verification and consent from a consumer at the time of acceptance of delivery. Being a manual process, the system does not have a foolproof re-verification mechanism. This leaves an opportunity for diversion of the cylinder by stakeholders in the supply chain to non-genuine customers for non-domestic applications without the knowledge of registered customers.Aadhaar provides the resident with an identity that can be verified across the nation. \"With the centralized product movement monitoring software already in place with the OMCs, by incorporating the Aadhaar number in the KYC and by using Aadhaar authentication for delivery, monitoring of LPG connections will become smoother,\" said a senior IOC officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17551097", "title": "Centre gives nod for super-specialty block at Goa medical college and hospital", "text": "PANAJI: There is good news for patients travelling outside the state for treatment. While Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) will have its cardiac unit functioning in a few months time, the Centre has also conveyed its approval for setting up an independent super-specialty block in Goa under the national rural health mission.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said he has spoken to the Union health ministry for availing of the scheme. \"We have received oral confirmation from the Union ministry. We plan to send a detailed proposal for an independent super-specialty block next year,\" Parsekar said.The health minister said he has discussed the scheme with chief minister Manohar Parrikar so as to draw up a comprehensive project. \"The chief minister has assured Rs 25 crore for the project, and so we have decided to go ahead with it. We want to complete the project before our government's term ends,\" Parsekar added. The balance Rs 125 crore will come from the Centre.Currently GMC provides services in three super-specialty areas-plastic surgery, pediatric surgery and neurosurgery. Patients in need of treatment or surgery in other specialty areas, such as cardiology, cardiothoracic surgery, oncology, are referred to empanelled hospitals outside the state.The health minister said even a few super-specialties at government hospitals, will drastically reduce expenditure on the mediclaim scheme. The state's annual expenditure on mediclaim is approximately Rs15-20 crore.GMC having a super-specialty block is also perceived as an added advantage in terms of academic enrichment of medical students. Beginning this academic year (2012-13), GMC has got its seat quota enhanced from 100 to 150. \"If we have a super-specialty block, we can even think of increasing our seat quota to 200 in the future,\" Parsekar said.GMC is also going ahead with its plan to set up a cardiac unit. While a tender has been floated for procuring equipment for a catheterization laboratory, it has also shortlisted names of six cardiac surgeons.Parsekar is in talks with surgeons from outside the state. \"I don't want to disclose any names at this stage but we intend to select three,\" he said.GMC receives 800-850 patients annually with heart ailments and spends Rs 5-6 crore towards mediclaim for cardiac patients. The cardiac unit is expected to become operational in the next three to four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554316", "title": "Urn burial still in practice in tribal pockets of western Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The practice of \"urn burial\", an ancient method to bury bodies, is still prevalent in some tribal pockets in Nuapada, Kalahandi and Koraput. But the number of people practising it has gone down. Historian Jitamitra Prasad Singhdeo said this practice was popular among the aborigines of South Africa also. Remnants of urn burial have been found in Napada's Nehena village.\"Urn burial was a great custom among local tribes. It started in the early megalithic period in 1000 BC. Sabar, Sahara and Gond tribes followed this custom,\" said Singhdeo.He said tribals used an urn to keep the body and after rituals, buried it. He lamented that there is no concrete research to throw light on the purpose of this practice. As history shows, it was meant to preserve bodies. \"An urn of about 60 inch diameter was made, where the body was kept. The body could fit easily into the urn because of its wide mouth,\" said Singhdeo.Explaining the reason behind the practice, he said, earlier there would be frequent group clash among tribals. \"After death, the tribals would bury the bodies in such a manner so that they could preserve them for several years. As many lives used to be lost, they used this process to quicken the burial process,\" explained Singhdeo.Remnants of urns, which were found during an excavation are preserved in the district museum, said the district culture officer, Durga Charan Naik. \"Many things related to urn burial have been stored at the district museum apart from valuable historical findings about the tribes practising urn burial,\" said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550757", "title": "Minorities to play key role in elections", "text": "In times when the state and more so, their party, faces uncertain times, Congress leaders have a knack of making observations that say it all. This happened on the eve of 1983 Assembly elections, when the then AP Congress Committee president G Venkatswamy lamented that people were predicting the defeat of Congress at the hands of matinee idol N T Rama Rao's Telugu Desam Party even before polling took place.Same was the case with former PCC chief Mohammed Kamaluddin Ahmed just before 1994 Assembly polls when he admitted that the Congress faced an uphill task warding off NTR's challenge once again. Now, the Congress oracle , nay, incumbent PCC boss Botsa Satyanarayana candidly says that though he is confident of the Congress retaining power in 2014 assembly elections, there is nothing wrong to sit in the opposition if the party loses. \"No one will die if it happens\" were his parting words. Yes, the state is passing through lot of political churning as all the major players are facing internal dissensions and loss of their base among specific caste groups.After the rout in recent by-elections in Telangana and Seemandhra regions, a high-level committee of Congress undertook a post-mortem analysis and its key findings were that the party was losing its traditional vote-banks among certain upper castes as well as Dalits, Backward Classes and Minorities. The committee had suggested that efforts should be made and new initiatives launched to regain the confidence of these traditional groups so that the party can hope to retain power when the next elections are held.As the fight among the major players got intense, minorities have begun to play a key role in the outcome since the simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and Assembly in the State since 2004. The Congress had fought the 2004 elections in alliance with the two left parties as well as Telangana Rashtra Samithi . TDP and BJP contested the polls together. Congress alliance had polled 50.77 per cent of the total valid votes as against 41.53 per cent secured by TDP-BJP coalition. The difference between these two alliances came to 9.24 per cent. During the 2009 polls, Congress fought alone while the TDP forged an alliance with the two left parties and TRS. While Congress secured 38.95 percent of the total valid votes, the Grand Alliance of TDP polled 33.92 per cent. The difference came to 5.03 per cent.The bulk of the minority-Muslim and Christian-vote went to the Congress both in 2004 and 2009 elections. This has been borne out by the post-poll survey conducted by the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies (CSDS). This swing of the minorities, who constitute 11 per cent of the state's electorate, ensured that the TDP-BJP alliance was routed and Congress wrested power in 2004. The TDP forged an alliance with TRS and left parties in 2009, after deserting BJP soon after 2004 polls, but it did not help the yellow party regain the confidence of the minorities.As the state politics continues to be in a state of flux, can anyone guess which way the minorities will vote in the next elections to the Assembly and Lok Sabha in the State? Will the Congress perform a hat-trick and to Syed Amin Jafri what extent the minorities will go with it? Will other players like TDP and TRS hope to get the minority votes swing their way to score over the Congress? Will the YSR Congress attract the minority votes next time, as it did in the 2012 by-elections in Seemandhra? To what extent, will the minority votes influence the outcome of the next elections in the State?Out of the 1,108 mandals in the State, minorities account for more than 10 percent of voters in 293 mandals. In 815 mandals, minorities constitute less than 10 percent of the electorate. In 11 districts out of 23, minorities make up more than 10 percent of the voters. These are Hyderabad (44.33 per cent), Kurnool (17.43 per cent), Kadapa (16.03 per cent), Nizamabad (15.31 per cent), Rangareddy (14.15 per cent), Guntur (13.96 per cent), Medak (12.47 per cent), Anantapur (11.31 per cent), Adilabad (10.83 per cent), Krishna (10.83 per cent) and Nellore (10.61 per cent). Voter data shows that minorities constitute over 10 per cent of voters in 95 assembly constituencies, including more than 15 per cent in 65 constituencies. Similarly, 17 Lok Sabha constituencies have minority voters in excess of 10 per cent, including seven constituencies with more than 15 per cent minority electors. With triangular contests on cards in Seemandhra and multi-cornered fights in Telangana region, the minorities seem to hold the key as to who rules the State-and the country-next time.(The writer is a member of legislative council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550617", "title": "Burglars loot IGL office, retail store", "text": "NOIDA: Unidentified criminals fled with cash, jewellery and valuables worth several lakhs of rupees in two separate cases of burglary in Noida. The first incident was reported in the IGL office from where computers and other valuable documents were stolen. The second burglary was committed in a retail store in Sector 62.Police said the first robbery took place at the site office of IGL in Sector 53 where all CNG and PNG related issues of the area are addressed. On Saturday, unidentified burglars entered the office and stole computers, documents and equipment worth of lakhs of rupees. The project manager, Purender Upadhyay, informed the police about the incident. An FIR has been registered at the Sector 24 police station.In the second incident, the entire act of the two unidentified burglars who stole from the retail store has been recorded by the CCTV camera installed inside. Police have questioned at least half dozen people but have so far failed to get any leads. The store had opened around a year ago in Nawada market of Sector 62. The burglars entered the store after breaking the shutter.The burglars cracked open five cash counters and took out Rs 1.27 lakh. They then broke the locker and took out another Rs one lakh. They also broke open an almirah in which cash vouchers of various products were kept. The matter was informed by the store manager Vipin Singhal to the police. The police have A case has been registered with the Sector 58 police station.\"We have recovered the CCTV footage. The burglars cannot be identified as they had masked their faces,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551315", "title": "'Irregularities' in Nagaur Lift project bidding", "text": "JAIPUR: Irregularities have been made in awarding the tender of the Nagaur Lift Phase-I project worth around Rs 325 crore to a Gurgaon-based infrastructure firm, an activist has claimed.The activist, Ashok Pathak, who has obtained officials documents related to the project's tendering process under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, has sent complaints to the President, the Prime Minister, the Union home and water resources ministries, central vigilance commission and the CBI, to demand investigation and action against the guilty in the matter.The state's public health and engineering department (PHED) minister Jitendra Singh has, however, rebutted the allegations, terming them a fallout of \"business rivalries\", and has assured an impartial probe if the complaint reaches his office.The matter relates to the tender awarded for construction of a cluster distribution network and water reservoirs under package-III of the Nagaur Lift Project phase-I to the Gurgaon-based private company SPML Infra Ltd in July this year.On the basis of documents obtained under RTI, Pathak has stressed that SPML Infra Ltd was found lacking on the tender's prequalification criteria and was, thus, disqualified by additional chief engineer (projects) Devraj Solanki on May 4, 2012. A three-member technical experts committee headed by Solanki observed that the firm did not have the work experience required under the tender conditions.The day Solanki disqualified the firm, he was \"granted permission\" to go abroad and attend a training programme, Pathak said. \"Officer C S Chhatwani, who was handed over the charge in Solanki's absence, maliciously prepared another report and declared SPML Infra Ltd eligible to participate in the bidding. The firm even made false declarations about completing an earlier tender work, and the Nagaur Lift bid was awarded to it,\" alleged Pathak.However, the PHED minister told TOI, \"We have online bidding to maintain transparency. As such, it is impossible to grant personal favours to anyone. In this case also, the tender has been awarded in a fair and legal manner. Still, if someone has issues he can challenge it in a court.\"\"The person can register his complaint to my office also and I can get it investigated impartially,\" he said, but at the same time, Singh reasoned, \"These allegations are generally results of business rivalries; the people who lose in the bidding process tend to cry foul and make baseless allegations.\"The project work includes constructing pump houses, clear water reservoirs, over-head service reservoirs, 33KV switchyards and village distribution network in three years and operating and maintaining them for 10 years on single point responsibility turnkey basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550326", "title": "Bomb hoax at jewellery shop in T Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: Tension prevailed for a few hours in T-Nagar on Sunday morning after an anonymous caller to popular jewellery shop warned of a bomb placed in the shop. Police officers said that an employee of a popular jewellary on North Usman Road had received the call around 10am. \"But it turned out to be a hoax. We are trying to trace the call. The call came from a mobile number. But the number is now switched off,\" an officer said. Policemen and a bomb disposal and detective squad rushed to the jewellery shop. After an extensive search, it was found to be a hoax. Security was tightened on North Usman for a couple of hours, causing a traffic block in front of the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554305", "title": "'Social entrepreneurship holds key to future development'", "text": "RANCHI: Social entrepreneurship is key to a better society, and in the days to come, social entrepreneurs will play a crucial role in the advancement of social changes, according to experts at a seminar organized by Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi on Sunday.The partnership of social entrepreneurs and representatives of the business world will synergize a change that will strengthen the country's position on global podium, said speakers at a panel discussion on 'Social Entrepreneurship -- A Viable Business Proposition'.Social entrepreneur Santosh Sharma said social entrepreneurship creates changemakers in the society, who in turn influence other people to contribute to the development process.Sharma, who runs a consultancy, said no entrepreneurship would survive in the future except social entrepreneurship. \"This form of the business and entrepreneurship is viable. This will be the form of entrepreneurship which would be most successful in the future,\" he said.S Shadab Hussain, who runs a school for underprivileged children, said the best part of social entrepreneurship is that there is no competitor, only colleagues. \"Success is measured not in terms of monetary gains, but by the number of people you are able to reach and make a positive impact on,\" he added.The programme was organized by the corporate social reasonability club of IIM Ranchi 'Samarpan'. organized the programme for the students of the college.The purpose of the programme was to influence young professionals and make them aware of prevailing societal backwardness.Similar views were expressed by Samrat Sengupta, a social entrepreneur. \"People take up vocation and entrepreneurship training but only 10% end up becoming an entrepreneur. The development of vision for the success of a social entrepreneur is very important,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552177", "title": "DU takes special initiatives", "text": "Delhi University is introducing a series of initiatives for differently-abled students, which are going to be implemented from the new academic session. To start with, the university intends to provide netbooks to differently-abled students who are enrolled in regular programmes. The netbooks will be equipped with software and applications to suit various needs of the students.Besides, DU has also announced an overseas trip for 100 differently-abled students, which will be an educational trip where students will visit universities and write projects on their return. Also, the special students will be able to avail of the benefit of free commuting through Delhi Metro from 2013, as announced earlier this year. According to Bipin K Tiwari, faculty member and in-charge of equal opportunity cell (EOC), the initiative was proposed by the vice-chancellor in order to empower special students through technological support.\"They need to be fully independent, which could be done best through access to technology. We want to give them equal opportunity in every sense of the term. The netbooks will give our special students technical support and required ease in academics as well as other creative pursuits. The gadget will be made available to them by December-end or early next year,\" says Tiwari.As for the foreign trip, he says, that it is the brainchild of the vice-chancellor and has no precedent in the university's record. Dinesh Singh, vice chancellor, says, \"The EOC will form a small committee and a brochure to invite student applications for the trip. I want to send them in summer so that they are comfortable with the weather . We would probably be sending students to a western European country. They will be visiting universities where facilities and awareness are remarkable .\"Students would be picked from different semesters across disabilities. During the trip, students will be visiting foreign universities, observe the kind of facilities available, and the way in which academics and extracurricular activities are approached. Later, they will have to write projects based on their observations.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is in the process of devising special passes for the students. \"We are to procure the passes from DMRC. The university will bear all the charges incurred in the travel passes,\" informs Tiwari.Only this year, DU had taken several steps for differently-abled students, which included fee waiver, increase in hostel reservation from 3% to 5% and a reduction in mess charges as well. The EOC has also started computer training for them to increase their employability scopes and to make them tech-savvy . Also, the pathways and pavements on campus have been repaired along with ramps to ensure that there are no access issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549863", "title": "Cartoonist protests curbs on net freedom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aseem Trivedi's run-in with law first shot him into prominence. His support for Team Anna's anti-corruption crusade, and the subsequent falling out due to Kejriwal's foray into politics, kept him in the news. The 25-year-old cartoonist is back in action, and this time he is agitating against the arbitrary use of Section 66A of the Information Technology Act, as evidenced by the recent spate of arrests for online comments and emails that \"cause annoyance or inconvenience\".Camping at Jantar Mantar since Saturday, Trivedi and Alok Dixit have launched an indefinite hunger strike to protect freedom of expression and speech on the internet. They want Section 66A of IT Act to be scrapped. \"The section gives sweeping powers to the government, which are being misused by influential parties and politicians. With its vague definition and clauses, it is infringing upon the basic rights of citizens as prescribed by the Constitution,\" said Trivedi.\"The most recent and glaring misuse of this section was seen when two women were arrested for lamenting the bandh in Mumbai because of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death. If people start getting arrested for making and liking such harmless comments, what freedom of speech are we talking about?\" asked Trivedi.Trivedi said those who threatened to get violent were not arrested. Instead, ordinary citizens faced the force of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551577", "title": "UT clueless on use of industrial land", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With land being a prized possession in Chandigarh, the administration seems confused over utilization of 152 acre of land in Raipur Kalan, which was originally kept aside for Industrial Area, Phase III.While UT administrator has ruled out any more land being set aside for industry, the proposed master plan has plans to introduce the concept of flatted factories in the area. In what would go against further expansion of the existing industrial area, a survey conducted by the Estate Office recently has found a majority of industrial plots being used for commercial purposes or lying vacant in Industrial Area's phases I and II.It has been brought out in a survey conducted by the Estate Office that nearly 40% of the industrial plots in the existing industrial area have not been used for setting up of industry. While 565 sites have commercial activity (other than manufacturing units) going on, 150 plots are lying vacant.In an apparent contradiction in its policy, where UT administration had allowed conversion of land use of industrial plots, allowing these to be used for setting up of hotels and restaurants, it mooted a proposal to set up phase III of the industrial area in Mauli Jagran.The administration had set up Industrial Area, Phase-I &amp; II which has been declared as an industrial zone. Since there was no space available for the setting up of any new industry or for the purpose of expansion of existing units, the Chandigarh administration decided to develop Industrial Area, Phase-III on a land measuring 153 acres in Mauli Jagran village. The development work in the Industrial Area, Phase-III has been completed by the engineering department and the work for the layout plan of 25 industrial plots has already been completed.The master plan committee has put a condition that industries which are not labour intensive should be allowed in the new Industrial Area. For adequate provision of water supply, sewerage system and electricity, site of two acres land has already been earmarked for electric grid substation.The Master Plan Committee has also proposed developing a green belt along the choe running across the site of third phase of Industrial Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551678", "title": "'Better to stop projects with less than 25% work done'", "text": "NAGPUR: Political leaders are protesting the recommendation in the white paper on irrigation that calls for stopping work on all projects where less than 25% work has been completed. However, some contractors and officials of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) agree with the white paper. They feel that using the available funds on fewer projects would help expedite works currently held up due to lack of funds.The white paper recommendation has not been implemented so far, and VIDC is awaiting a formal order from the water resources department.Irrigation projects, especially those in VIDC, are currently facing a problem of limited resources being thinly spread out over too many projects. The problem is attributed to the estimates being jacked up by over 300% during Ajit Pawar's tenure as irrigation minister, for which he is already under fire.The white paper calls for stalling some projects, but this will not reduce the financial outlay for VIDC, or other irrigation development corporations of the state. The funds will still be earmarked according to the Governor's formula, which considers factors like farmlands and population.VIDC got Rs2270.02 crore for the current financial year, with similar amounts likely to be released in the coming years. So, if projects fitting into the 25% bracket are stalled, these funds will be optimally used for other projects, suggested a contractor.A senior official in VIDC also endorsed this theory. \"It would rather be a better proposition, as the stalled projects can be taken up later. The white paper does not recommend scrapping the projects altogether. However, the agency also expects severe political opposition to the move, which may leave the situation back at square one,\" he said.BJP MLA from South West Nagpur Devendra Fadnavis said that the recommendation would stall work on 98 out of VIDC's 257 projects. He claims the focus will shift to projects in Western Maharashtra, where work has progressed beyond 75%. He wants projects where irrigation backlog needs to be removed to be taken up on a priority basis. He said funds are not spread thin in Vidarbha, as VIDC still has an yearly surplus of around Rs300 crore due to lack of projects.A note in the Governor's directives for 2012-13 says the government may take up fresh projects in the Godavari river basin of Vidarbha, but only approve the extra work and not start implementation right away. The approvals should be given, but the work should not begin immediately, to avoid spreading resources thinly, it said.Shirish Chakradeo of Vidarbha Contractors and Builders Association say the white paper recommendation is the better way of handling the work. It is advisable to have projects proportionate to the available funds, he said.The Governor's directives also call for raising funds from the market. However, contractors feel that given the controversies, irrigation development corporations have little chance of raising funds from the market now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555627", "title": "Glamorous roles too need acting talent: Deepika Padukone", "text": "She has done glamorous as well as non-glamorous roles but Deepika Padukone feels sad when people think a glamorous role does not require hard work.\"I think the role is more important. It is a misconception that a glamorous role doesn't require acting talent. It's a bit strange, because I think at the end of the day, any kind of film -- whether it is glamorous or 'de-glam' (non-glamorous) - requires acting. Acting is acting,\" Deepika told IANS in an exclusive interview.\"For example, people think I gave a brilliant performance as Veronica in Cocktail , but it was also a glamorous role. For me, it is about the role and the film, not glamour,\" she added.The 26-year-old actress made her Bollywood debut with Om Shanti Om and has since been part of successful films such as Bachna Ae Haseeno , Housefull , Love Aaj Kal and Cocktail .For Deepika, it is important that not only her role is appreciated but the film also does well at the box office.\"When you set out to do a film, one hopes that your performance is appreciated and the film also goes on to do well. Fortunately with me, in Cocktail , I got both. The film did well and the performance was appreciated. I hope this happens in all my films,\" she said.Asked if she fears being over-exposed, Deepika said: \"I think as long as you are doing good work, that is the most important thing. I don't think that it can result in over-exposure of any form. Also I am someone who has always believed in quality versus quantity,\" she said.The former model also endorses several brands and has just been made the face of a new range of a cosmetic brand alongside actress Priyanka Chopra.\"Today I could have easily been doing 15-20 brands at a time, but I chose not to do that. I chose to endorse the best in the market,\" she added.With so many films and endorsements in her kitty, does she get time for herself?\"It's about the kind of lifestyle you lead. I can say that I have been the busiest in my career because I am juggling three films at a time. But I think I know how to conserve my energy, I know where to conserve it and spend it. I think things like my diet, workout, exercise, the water I drink and products I use add to me looking and feeling better,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550073", "title": "Skoda to pay 20L for selling defective car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Luxury car maker Skoda India Pvt Ltd, has been ordered by Delhi State Consumer Commission to pay one of its car buyers Rs 20.17 lakh, including Rs 2.5 lakh in compensation, for selling him a defective car.The state consumer commission relying on the service history records and receipts of expenditure submitted by the buyer, observed that the car purchased in April 2005 had to be taken to the service station 33 times for repairing defects, many of which were manufacturing ones, and it cost Rs 1.65 lakh to the customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555162", "title": "Barkatullah University postpones semester exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Indefinite strike by Madhya Pradesh university employees association (MPUEA) has started showing on the schedule of university. The Barkatullah University authorities had postponed the semester exams of various discipline scheduled to be organised from December 10.A spokesman of the university said that the new dates would be announced soon. However, the fifth semester exam of the LLB will be held as scheduled.As a deadlock over their demands continues, the MPUEA went on indefinite strike from December 3.The university employees association has demanded that the discrepancy between the pensioners and employees salary should be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553417", "title": "Flashy watches, luxury cars invited IT raids", "text": "On December 7, IT officials raided Sanjay Dutt's Bandra residence, Sonu Sood's Andheri home and Sonu Niigaam's pad in the same locality around the same time. TOI digs out the reason behind the raid that reportedly lasted for over 22 hours.For Dutt, his collection of custom made wristwatches estimated to cost a few crores, perhaps lured the IT officials, say insiders. In fact, a day before the raid, his wife Manyata was seen sporting one that cost approximately Rs 55-60 lakh. \"She wore it to Krishika Lulla's birthday party. And everybody started talking about her expensive accessory,\" said a friend of the actor wondering whether the public display of the wrist watch brought about the sudden raid the very next day.While Dutt's ex travagant indulgences earned him a visit from the officials, Sood's recent Rs 30-crore property deal in a complex where the French Consulate has rented an office, included him in the list of actors who have been raided in the past. \"Last year, it was Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif who were raided by the IT department. Sood must be doing something right to be included in the same list,\" said a friend of the actor.The actor, when contacted, told us he was thankful to the IT department for endorsing his 'stardom'. \"They were doing their job. And I did my best to co-operate. They were around for several hours. I was fine with that. Initially, my wife and son were flustered. And when my father read about the raid in Punjab, he called to ask what was going on. I reassured him, 'Relax, Papa. Your son is being told the raid means he is now a star.'\"For Sonu Niigaam , the IT raid was badly timed. His ailing mother has been hospitalised for treatment. But the singer told us that the sudden visit could hardly yield anything for the officials.\"I left my house to them when they arrived. I got to my house around 4 pm and found them there. Then around 6 pm, I went to the gym. Again at 8 pm, I came back and found them there. As you can see, I was going about my normal routine and nothing stopped because they had come. It is because my hands are clean,\" said the singer.Niigaam told us his dad maintains his accounts very carefully. \"I don't have money stuffed behind my walls or under the bed-linen. They have got nothing. Yes , I have luxury cars in my garage but there's no way I can hide them. I have had a raid before (in the year 1999). For a long time, they had not come to my house, so I was sort of expecting them,\" said he.The singer suspected his frequent concerts were the reason for the raid.\"I do a lot of shows. My friend shave been telling me that the fact that IT sleuths are raiding my home proves that I am doing well for myself. But I don't think I am the right person they should be looking at,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "loba(birbhum)", "code": "17551285", "title": "Arrows, adivasis &amp; suspected rebels", "text": "LOBA(BIRBHUM): President of Loba Krishi Jami Raksha Committee (KJRC) Felaram Mandal borrows a bow and an arrow from an adivasi neighbour in his native Babupur village, takes aim and shoots. The arrowhead pierces the stalk of a thin tree, some 20 feet away, the fletchings at the tail end quivering a little.\"That I can shoot an arrow does not make me a Maoist,\" says Mandal, a farmer. \"Since my childhood, I have been living with my adivasi friends in the same village. I have learnt from them how to shoot an arrow. Adivasis are not Maoists just because they possess bows and arrows.\" Rajaram Hembram, resident of Babupur, smiles. \"With these bows and arrows we shoot pigs, hares and other small animals. In the month of Baisakh we have our shikar festival at Gar Jangal.\"Some police officials suspect Maoist presence in Loba since the violence on November 6, when an arrow pierced the helmet of a policeman and injured him. \"Think of the penetrating power of the arrow. Its shaft was also peculiar, thin and strong. Such arrows are not used by adivasis in these parts,\" says an official at Suri. \"Without some backing, it is difficult for Loba agitators to organize resistance against police.\"A digging machine of a private company that villagers of Loba had impounded on December 19 last in protest against purchase of land for a coal mining project still lies at the corner of a paddy field. \"We will not release the machine till our issues are settled. Its impounding is symbolic. The machine is the evidence that mining by force was going on here,\" says KJRC convener Ashis Misra. \"Pressure must be kept up on the government to settle the land price and rehabilitation issues.\" KJRC will hold a 'dharna' in Kolkata on December 13.A senior Birbhum district police official gives KJRC the benefit of doubt, though he agrees that Birbhum has a history of Maoist activities, particularly in the police station areas of Khayrasol, Rajnagar and Dubrajpur. \"The agitation at Loba is not anti-land acquisition. People want to give their land and want the project. But they want a better price for their land. It is not the Maoists' cup of tea.\"The area has history of organized attacks on policemen by criminal elements, like a coal mafia, says the official. But he fears if the Loba problem lingers, Maoists may try to take the opportunity to infiltrate. \"We do keep a tab. No Maoist has been arrested at Loba. But their signature is there in nearby areas, like posters.\" Rather, opposition parties are helping the Loba agitation to crystallize, he thinks.Party for Democratic Socialism leader Samir Putatunda, guardian angel of KJRC since 2010 and a close associate of Mamata Banerjee earlier, blames the chief minister for being insensitive to Loba villagers. \"Last Tuesday, when the chief minister came to Loba to address a Trinamool rally, she drove past the KJRC dharna mancha without talking to the waiting villagers. Had she stopped briefly, we could have handed her over our memorandum.\" He makes no secret that he wants to start a PDS unit at Loba. \"The bogey of Maoists is being raised to arrest KJRC leaders.\"Congress leader Pijush Pandey, chairman of Dubrajpur municipality, says Congress now has more acceptability with Loba villagers than Trinamool. \"Villagers injured in police firing on November 6 refused to accept compensation cheques from the chief minister, but they accepted help from Deepa Das Munshi.\" Congress is in a \"good position\" to contest in the panchayat polls in Loba. Adivasi Gaonta is also with KJRC to protect the interest of tribals, says its leader Sunil Soren.In the last panchayat polls, KJRC had won three seats in Loba gram panchayat as independents, Trinamool two and CPM six.\"KJRC will contest again. This time others will face difficulty in finding candidates. Some Trinamool and CPM leaders have fixed the land deal for the company, without consulting villagers,\" warns Ashis Misra. \"Some villagers are aggrieved with Trinamool, but the majority of them are still with us,\" claims Dubrajpur Trinamool leader Sailen Mahata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549607", "title": "Ulhas travelled on fake passport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four weeks after the arrest of Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire and his wife Raksha J Urs in the biggest investment scam, Delhi Police has found that the couple, along with their children, had visited several countries in the past using fake identities and passport. However, the authorities couldn't trace their fake passports before.TOI had first reported that Khaire and Urs had gone to Macau, Malaysia, Mauritius and other countries for the promotional events of their company, Stock Guru India, and to dupe people. The couple made these trips, sources said, using names of Lokeshwar Dev and Priyanka Saraswat Dev, and the passports were made in the capital. Khaire and his wife have been booked by Economic Offences Wing under the Passport Act two days ago. Two Delhi based travel agents, Sumit Sachar and Ashish Sharma, have also been booked for preparing these fake passports for them.\"Ulhas and his wife got the passport issued on October 7, 2010 on their Dwarka flat address. Ulhas got a passport in the name of Gungun Dev for his daughter also,\" said a source.The source added that these passports were issued from Delhi with the help of Sumit Sachar and Ashish Sharma, both partners of Global Destination Management in Rohini.Delhi Police's EOW officials have verified their passport details and claimed that the couple had taken few 'premium investors' to countries like Macau, Malaysia, Mauritius and others for the promotional events. \"The events were organized regularly in five-star hotels , and Ulhas made all the arrangements, including booking flights for investors and celebrities,\" said the officer.Over 2 lakh people had invested in Stock Guru India after Ulhas had promised to double their capital. So far, police have reportedly found 100 bank accounts that were operated by the couple, apart from the assets worth Rs 83 crore that were seized from Ulhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555008", "title": "Gwalior ghee trader Goyal held under NSA", "text": "BHOPAL: The Gwalior district administration on Saturday arrested a ghee trader - Shivkumar Goyal - under National Security Act (NSA) and sent him to jail.On August 30, Goyal's company - Chambal Dairy Products and its warehouse were raided by the state food department following a report from its Maharashtra counterparts that spurious ghee was supplied to the famed Sai Baba temple in Shirdi by this company. The report was enclosed with a complaint from the Shirdi Saibaba Trust. However, nothing substantial was found.Two months later, the district administration confiscated 10,500 litres of ghee from the company's godown at Transport Nagar, Gwalior. Laboratory tests ascertained that the ghee were of substandard quality.He has been arrested under Section 3 of the NSA as part of our on-going campaign against adulteration, Gwalior collector P Narhari, told TOI. The district administration has launched a campaign \"Operation Visuddh\" to check adulteration in food and drugs in the Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555236", "title": "Drop in temperature after 2 days likely", "text": "BHOPAL: As the day temperature continues to be on the higher side all across the state, weatherman says that winter would intensify in a few days only after the change of wind directions from south-westerly to northerly. And it is likely to happen in next two days.A rise in the temperature witnessed in the past few days was due to the western disturbance over J&K; and it is expected to clear in next two days, he added.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said the wind direction that was westerly and south westerly for the past few days is expected to go northerly and north easterly after two days. It would result in fall in temperature.Temperature in four main cities-Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 32.2 and 9.2 degrees C on Saturday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 32.2 (+4) degrees Celsius and the minimum at 15.0 (+4) degrees Celsius.Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 31.6 (+5) degrees Celsius against a minimum of 15.8 (+6) degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 29.9 (+4) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 9.2 (+1) degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 30.1 (+3) 14.8 (+6) degrees C.Weatherman said similar dry condition is expected to prevail in the state on Sunday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17555877", "title": "Ethically wrong for Pullela Gopichand to run private academy: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that \"ethically\" it was wrong for the Badminton Authority of India's (BAI) chief national coach and selection panel head Pullela Gopichand to run a private training academy, the Bombay high court on Monday said it was not in the best interest of justice.\"Ethically, coach who also heads the selection panel should not run a private academy. He may be a good coach. We are not saying otherwise.But in the interest of justice and fairness, a national coach, also part of the selection panel, should not run a private camp,\" Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice AV Mohta said.The court observed this while hearing a petition filed by 19-year-old Prajakta Sawant, who had alleged mental harassment by Gopichand after she was refused entry to the All India National Coaching Camp in Hyderabad.Directing the petitioner to include BAI as respondent in the petition, the bench sought the authority's reply with regard to Gopichand's private academy. The matter will be heard next on December 19.During the last hearing on November 6, the court had directed BAI to allow the girl to participate in the camp.Sawant's lawyer Piyush Shah on Monday told the court that when she went to the camp on November 17 the players had already left for China for a tournament.Shah also said that there was another camp in January. The bench then directed BAI to allow the girl to participate in the second camp.\"BAI shall not take any action averse to the petitioner on the ground that she did not participate in the Hyderabad camp,\" the court said.Sawant, a first year Bachelor of Commerce student, stated in her petition that she was selected for the training camp from October 4 to December 12.However, she contended that she had asked for her doubles and mixed doubles partners to be changed and Gopichand had hence, nursed a grudge against her.\"On August 22, 2012, the petitioner (Sawant) had informed by e-mail to Gopichand that the petitioner is not comfortable playing with the mixed doubles and women's doubles partners.However, Gopichand made wild allegations against the petitioner that she was not serious about badminton,\" Sawant's petition stated.Gopichand, Sawant's petition mentioned, had informed her telephonically before the camp began that she will not be allowed to participate in the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554419", "title": "Five killed on way to wedding", "text": "RANCHI: Five persons, including four relatives of a bride, were killed and four suffered serious injuries in a road accident in Jamtara district.Police said the accident took place near Therbona village, around 300 km from here, late on Saturday night when the family of the bride was going from Nala in Jamtara district to Kundhait in Dumka district to solemnize the marriage.The dead included the father of the bride, sister, brother-in-law and nine-month-old nephew.\"Local people said the driver of the four-wheeler, who was unhurt even after hitting the walls of a culvert along the road, fled,\" said a police officer.District superintendent of police Sunil Bhaskar said the four injured were undergoing treatment at a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555411", "title": "Freida Pinto excited to be part of Dubai film fest", "text": "Freida Pinto, who joined Cate Blanchett and stars from the Arab world including Nelly Kareem and Khaled Al Nawaby at the Dubai international Film Festival, expressed her excitement on being part of the jury.The 28-year-old Indian-origin actress, who wore a glittering gold Ralph Lauren dress for the event, is the head of the jury for the short film competitions in the Muhr Arab, Muhr AsiaAfrica and Muhr Emirati categories.\"I love Dubai and it's great to be back. I haven't seen any films yet but I am excited to be part of the jury,\" Gulf News quoted her as saying.\"I will be seeing many movies with subtitles,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550669", "title": "Two sex workers rescued in raid at MLA Colony", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police raided a house at MLA Colony and rescued two sex workers on Saturday night. Police have arrested the organiser of the brothel. Acting on a tip off, the Banjara Hills police raided a house at MLA Colony on Saturday night and rescued two women sex workers. Though police managed to arrest one of the organisers of the brothel, Shiva, his associate Raju managed to escape.The sex workers have been sent to a rescue home, while the arrested person has been remanded in judicial custody under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550666", "title": "2-hour shootout in Unnao, SP leader, shop owner killed", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least two persons were killed and seven injured critically in a shootout that lasted for over two hours on Sunday evening in Unnao district, 50 kilometers from the state capital. One of the two killed was a Samajwadi Party (SP) leader whose wife is a village pradhan.Reports said the incident took place at Sarai Bardia Khera village under Bara Sagwar police station of Unnao. Around 3 pm on Sunday, Shanker Yadav, popular as 'Mr Singh', whose wife is village pradhan Pushpa Yadav, reached the house of Santosh, owner of a fair price shop in the village.Yadav was accompanied by his aide Ram Ratan. The duo got involved in a verbal duel with Santosh over some matter related to village panchayat polls during which Ratan whipped out a handgun and shot Santosh dead point blank.When Santosh's sons Ajay and Sarwan heard the gun shot, they rushed to their father's rescue but since the door was locked from outside, they climbed the terrace of the house carrying a rifle and a gun both licensed. As they climbed the terrace, they saw Yadav and Ram Ratan trying to flee and opened fire at them. A bullet hit Yadav and he died on the spot. There were reports that Ram Ratan was also killed in the shootout but police maintained they had not found his body till late Sunday night.When the village pradhan and her brother came to know about the shootout they rushed to Santosh's house carrying firearms and cordoned the premises. There was an exchange of fire for almost two hours before the police finally reached the site around 5:30 pm. All the while, bodies of the two accused were lying at the site of the crime.In the second round of firing, the village pradha, her husband's sister Saroj (38), nephew Akhilesh (9) and neighbour Sunder suffered bullet injuries and were rushed to the district hospital where the condition of two was stated critical. Police were investigating the case and additional police and PAC personnel were deployed in the village to counter any sporadic outburst or retaliation from either of the two sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555956", "title": "I'm original 'sardar' hero in B-wood: Daler Mehndi's son", "text": "Popular singer Daler Mehndi's son Gurdeep makes his Bollywood debut with \" Meri Shaadi Karao\" and the actor says he is proud of the fact that he is the first original 'sardaar' hero in Bollywood.\"This is for the first time that Hindi cinema will see an original sardar playing the protagonist. So far only actors have donned a sardar's look on screen but it will be great to see an original sardar in the film. I am representing my community and it is a great moment for our community,\" Gurdeep told IANS.The 23-year-old is even more excited about the fact that his entire family has contributed in his debut film.\"My debut film will see my entire family's contribution. My mom is playing a small role in the film, my sister has sung a song and the film is presented by my father Daler Mehndi . It wasn't a conscious effort though but things fell in place on its own,\" he said.Though Gurdeep admits music is in his blood, he prefers acting over it.\"Music is in my blood, but I chose acting over it. I have sung four songs in the film but there will always be a comparison with my dad. I can never give competition to my father as he is in a different league altogether,\" he said.Directed by Syyed Noor, 'Meri Shaadi Karao' is scheduled for Jan 4 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17554691", "title": "A course to beat exam stress", "text": "HUBLI: Student community today faces excessive pressure from parents and teachers, peer pressure, increased importance to marks-based evaluation, examination deadlines, time management, lack of proper preparation and presentation in the exam.To overcome all these hurdles and improve the performance of students in SSLC and PU examinations, a city-based college has developed an exam oriented course, where students will get tips on how to face examination without fear and score good marks.The course trains students on how to tackle the syllabus without getting stressed out and how to create time table for examination preparation.Taking the initiative, Jain College recently conducted an examination-oriented course for SSLC and PU students to give tips on how to approach questions in examinations and how to burst the stress .The resource persons have been able to instill confidence in students by helping them to plan the time table for effective studies and face the examination without fear.About 135 students from 15 schools of Hubli and Dharwad have attended the SSLC programme and 160 students from Commerce College from Hubli and Dharwad and 75 science students had registered for the examination oriented course.Speaking to STOI, Maya Kulhalli, principal, Jain College said the main objective of conducting this kind of examination oriented courses is to instill confidence among students and overcome fear.Students of Lions School and NK Thakkar school who attended the course said that they got excellent tips on all the subjects and gained confidence to face public exams and come out with flying colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554246", "title": "20 people drugged, looted on public vehicles in 1 week", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Incidents of passengers being drugged in public vehicles are on the rise in Bhubaneswar. Public awareness campaigns on not accepting anything from strangers during journey seem to have fallen on deaf ears as at least 20 unconscious people have been rescued from trains, buses and auto-rickshaws by police in separate incidents in the last one week. All of them lost their belongings, police said.While the railway police rescued 13 unconscious passengers from compartments of different trains, the rest were found either at Baramunda bus stand or the auto-rickshaw stand outside the railway station. Despite being heavily drugged, all of the victims were rescued alive.\"After regaining consciousness in hospitals, all the train victims said they were offered food and tea by co-passengers, who befriended them on the train,\" said GRP SP Bhagyadhar Behera.Investigations by the commissionerate police have revealed similar facts. The fault lies with the passengers themselves. They should not accept food or drinks from strangers,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said, adding, \"Our PCR vans have rescued such victims from bus stands and auto stands and admitted them to hospitals.\"Passengers blamed slack police patrolling in trains and buses for the spurt in such incidents. \"Goons mostly target passengers in general compartments. We hardly find any police there. Similarly, police patrolling is not adequate in bus stand,\" said Laxmidhar Sahoo, a Bhubaneswar resident.Railway police said they had nabbed four anti-socials, including a habitual offender, from Bhubaneswar station last month. \"The accused included an engineer, who took passengers for ride with his fluent spoken English and suave personality,\" Behera said.He said the burglars were most active near Balasore, Berhampur and Cuttack stations.Social activists said the thugs have started targeting preys in parks as well. \"We rescued three people from a park last month. Police should install hoardings outside parks with the message cautioning against miscreants,\" social activist Susant Sahoo said.\"Some of the victims even fell prey to auto drivers as well. We came to know of this while attending to them. The proposed pre-paid auto service from stations and bus stands should be introduced at the earliest to curb the menace. In case of a passenger being robbed or drugged, the identity of the driver can be easily known from the pre-paid booth,\" Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17551230", "title": "2,500 courts to be set up in talukas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to bring justice to the doorstep of people in villages, the government plans to set up at least 2,500 courts at the taluka level, saving rural folk the trouble of having to travel to the district headquarters.The plan is an extension of the gram nyayalaya scheme in which mobile courts visit villages to dispense speedy justice by adopting summary proceedings.With the gram nyayalaya scheme beset with funding problems, the government plans to set up court buildings and provide for their running expenses.The law ministry has written to the finance ministry to increase funding for court buildings, and also provide for day-to-day expenses of these courts. In the proposed funding pattern, the Centre will meet 75% of the cost of infrastructure and running expenses while states will pitch in with the remaining 25%, the same as in the case of subordinate courts and high courts.Sources said the government has set a target of at least 2,500 taluka level courts, first notified in 2009, before the next parliamentary elections. These civil courts will be headed by a judicial magistrate but will not be bound by the rules of Code of Criminal Procedure or those followed in civil suits. These courts have also been exempted from strictly adhering to the rules of evidence, unlike other courts.The Centre had initially agreed to provide Rs 18 lakh in fixed expenditure to set up court infrastructure and Rs 3.20 lakh for running expenses for three years. However, the law ministry has proposed that the Centre meet 75% of the total expenditure as applicable in the case of setting up subordinate courts.The law ministry feels these courts will have an immense impact. Besides bringing down litigation in the higher judiciary, the taluka level courts will help people settle disputes in the villages itself without the need to travel to district centres or state capitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17550980", "title": "GMC to finally have two 24-hour canteens", "text": "PANAJI: Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, will soon have two canteens operating on round-the-clock hours.The GMC administration has decided to have two canteens in its premises that will be kept open for 24 hours, in addition to the four regular canteens in other blocks.\"The canteen in the Yatri Niwas which was never commissioned as well as the canteen in the OPD block will be kept open for 24 hours. We will be floating tenders next week,\" said Swapnik Naik, director of administration, GMC.The GMC has seven canteens, however, not all are operational but tenders will be floated for all seven canteens next week. Kiosks serving snacks and meals outside the GMC premises do a thriving business. It has been a long pending complaint of students, doctors, faculty members as well as public visiting the hospital that none of the canteens serve meals in accordance with the set standards.The canteens were filthy and unhygienic. Since none of the canteens in GMC remained open after 9.30pm, any person wanting to have food, had to go out of the GMC premises. It also inconvenienced GMC staff working on the night shift.The Yatri Niwas block has a canteen facility. Although commissioned three years ago, the canteen in it remained closed.It's opening was sabotaged in favour of another canteen operating from a prime location at GMC. The previous government did not allow the opening of the Yatri Niwas canteen. \"We know why it was never allowed to be opened but tenders for the Yatri Niwas canteen will be issued next week. Part of the canteen will be reserved for officers and doctors,\"said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550892", "title": "Consumer court tells bank to pay compensation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district consumer disputes redressal forum has directed a bank to compensate a man for freezing his account and not allowing him to withdraw money for a year. The bank did not give any reason to the man for freezing his account. The bank was asked to pay Rs 33,000 as compensation to the complainant.The complainant had deposited the compensation received by him out of an agricultural land in his savings account with the Oriental Bank of Commerce . From February 2009, the bank seized the account No 10072151004289 without giving any information and no amount was permitted to be withdrawn from his account. Though the complainant visited the branch several times to know why his account had been seized, he was never given the reason.The complainant sent a notice to the bank. Later, he also filed a writ petition in the high court, and the court ordered that the bank manager should tell the complainant why had his bank account been seized, and that the complainant should be allowed to withdraw from his account. However, after the bank did not comply with the order, a criminal contempt was filed, and the order said that \"the bank account of the complainant be immediately made operative and for the loss occasioned he should move the appropriate forum\". The complainant had about Rs 2.57 lakh in his account, yet he couldn't use the money as the account was blocked for a year -- between February 2009 and February 2010. Though the bank accepted that the account of the complainant was seized, it did not give the reason to the consumer forum. The bank allowed the complainant to operate his account only when he filed the criminal contempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552285", "title": "Mohun Bagan face two-year ban after walk-out", "text": "It was a Black Sunday for Kolkata football. The overhyped Kolkata Derby between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan had to be called off with the green and maroons refusing to take the field after half-time, following a serious injury to their winger Syed Rahim Nabi who was hit by a missile from the stands and had to be hospitalised.Bagan's antics could invite a two-year ban from the I-League, as per tournament regulations.According to I-League CEO Sunando Dhar, Mohun Bagan, by refusing to continue, may be considered to have withdrawn from the competition and thus be barred from taking part in the next two editions.If Bagan are scratched, the 2012-13 I-League will become a 13-team affair with the results of all matches featuring the green and maroons becoming null and void. Dhar, who was present at the stadium, said that the I-League committee will decide the game's fate after getting the match commissioner and referee's report, which will be passed on to the AIFF disciplinary committee and then ratified by the executive committee.Dhar added that Mohun Bagan could escape the ban if the I-League committee feels it was a force-majeure situation, which means a situation caused by unforeseen circumstances.It was a stone, apparently hurled by Bagan fans and probably directed at referee Vishnu Chauhan who had expelled captain Okolie Odafa for charging at him and hurling abuses, which hit Nabi around his right temple and opened up a deep gash. A profusely bleeding Nabi had to be rushed to hospital.40 injured, including 20 policemenKOLKATA: A wave of violence today engulfed the gigantic Yuva Bharati Krirangan, forcing the marquee I-League clash between Mohun Bagan and East Bengal to be called off, besides leaving 40 injured. The situation at the over-one-lakh-capacity stadium was, however, brought under control fast enough to avert a bigger tragedy. The casualties included 20 policemen who were injured in the scuffle, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550871", "title": "Government staff to strike against quota in promotion bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: State government offices are likely to witness a sharp decline in attendance post noon on Monday with employees responding to a work boycott call to protest the Centre pushing the reservation in promotion bill in Parliament. The protest would get full support of the Samajwadi Party-led state government which is already against the motion.The demonstration will see participation of over 18 lakh employee of various departments, essentially those who would be affected by the provision. Employee will completely stop working after 1 pm in various district headquarters. In Lucknow, the employees will hold demonstration outside Vidhan Bhawan from 2 pm.Shailendra Dubey the president of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti said employee associations of various departments coordinating to make the protest a success across the state. The employees, essentially from the general and OBC categories, have under the aegis of the samiti threatened going on strike in case the bill is passed. It is scheduled to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Monday.On the other hand, UP Officers' Association, the union of Dalit employees, said it would not allow government functioning to be affected by the protest. \"Reservation is the constitutional right of Dalits, who otherwise face harassment since the provision was withdrawn by the state government,'' said association president K B Ram.The move to introduce the bill in the upper house comes three days after Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati and party Rajya Sabha MP lend her support to the Congress-led UPA government on the foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in retail sector issue, in what was seen as conditioned to bring in the reservation bill in Parliament.BSP, a key proponent of reservation in promotion for government employees, has been pressing the demand to bring the bill days after Supreme Court upheld the Allahabad High Court order that struck down the provision put in place by the previous Mayawati government that came to power in Uttar Pradesh in 2007.Situation changed completely post-March 2012, when Samajwadi Party swept the UP polls. Heavily against the provision, Akhilesh Yadav government decided immediately to abide by the court order. Soon, hundreds of engineers and state government employees, waiting for their due promotion got their share.It remains to be seen how the SP combats the bill even as Mulayam Singh Yadav tries to consolidate his OBC vote bank (OBCs are not covered in the provision), while wooing the upper caste by opposing the bill. Senior party leaders, including SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav and national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav , had been insisting that the provision was against \"natural justice\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551808", "title": "Black paper on irrigation debunks govt theories", "text": "NAGPUR: The black paper unveiled by the Opposition on Sunday punches more than a few holes in government estimates highlighted in the white paper on irrigation. On the way, it debunks a few government theories and modus operandi it applied to create artificial cost escalations in projects worth Rs17,000 crore to Rs20,000 crore in Konkan and Vidarbha regions. The black paper counters several claims made by the white paper: in schedule rates quoted by the Maharashtra government, in the unscientific methods used to calculate total area brought under irrigation, all of this has been questioned in the black paper.According to the black report, peppered with some equally dark humour, a Central task force had established thumb rule of incurring Rs1,70,000 to bring per hectare of area under irrigation. However, the same cost as being projected in the white paper comes out to be Rs4,18,000 per hectare - a near three times rise. \"This shows there is a clear case of cost escalation in irrigation projects,\" said BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis, the chief architect of the report that has been based on findings of the past government panels.The new report highlights glaring anomalies in the schedule rates quoted by the Maharashtra government in its white paper. The government estimates were instead based on derived rates rather than district schedule rates (DSR). For example, in blasting of per cubic meter of rock, the white paper quotes Rs236.10 as DSR. But the actual derived rate was Rs600. \"These derived rates were arrived at on the basis of some ambiguous conditions. Worst, the government paid contractors at these rates,\" said Fadnavis. The DSRs in other states, too, are less than that of Maharashtra, debunking government theory that its rates were lowest. The DSRs for blasting in Andhra Pradesh is Rs344, Rs319 in Karnataka, and Rs275 in Gujarat.The Opposition's report also highlights most projects started without initiating the rehabilitation process. Therefore, there didn't exist a question of justifying escalations because of rehab. The other points highlighted in the report are: no scientific method or team to calculate the irrigation potential, cost escalations in projects worth Rs15,000 crore to Rs17,000 crore. The white paper also hid potential of other states, while pegging its own at 17.9%. The same is, however, 47.4% in AP, 29% in Karnataka, 22 % in Goa and 39.5% in Gujarat. \"When the white paper could highlight DSR rates in these states, which it claimed were on the higher side, how could they not highlight the irrigation potentials which grew by double as compared to Maharashtra's,\" said Fadnavis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553987", "title": "Why Brad Pitt feels lucky?", "text": "Actor Brad Pitt says his life isn't that remarkable, but he is extremely grateful for the wonderful movie roles he's taken on.He feels like he's won the lottery because he's so happy in his life.\"I still have to get up at 6 a.m. and make breakfast for six kids. I don't see my daily life as being that remarkable except for the fact that I've struck the lottery when it comes to my work and the opportunities it's given me,\" contactmusic.com quoted Pitt as saying.The 48-year-old, raises six kids, Maddox, 11, Pax, eight, Zahara, seven, Shiloh, six, and four-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne, with fiancee actress Angelina Jolie .He says he still has great passion for starring in movies, but would rather spend more time with his children than on a movie set.\"I am very happy with the projects I have been involved with lately. I still have a great passion for storytelling that has been part of my life ever since I was a kid when my parents would take us to drive-in movies.\"As an actor, I love being able to explore all the complex aspects of human nature and how we're constantly in various stages of conflict with each other. But it's not as consuming as it used to be because my family is my priority and I'd rather spend more time with my kids,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17551295", "title": "Why are there fewer Kannada novels?", "text": "BANGALORE: While short stories and poems are occupying a prominent place in Kannada literature, the novel, once a very popular form in Kannada has taken a backseat in present-day writing.\"That's because writing a novel calls for a lot of patience and dedication. A lot of research has to go into it. It takes three to four years to write one and the author should be driven by selflessness,\" said poet Jayanth Kaikini. Speakers on the third and final day of the Bangalore Literature Festival pondered over 'Hosa Ale,' the direction Kannada literature is taking.According to Kaikini, variety is the character of today's literature and young writers are drawing inspiration from rural as well as urban environs. Short stories and poetry have become the main media of expression whereas not many novels are coming out. \"Since the world is moving at a fast pace, even literature is catering to fast consumption. Writers do not have the patience and time to sit and write a novel that takes years to produce,\" he said.The session also dwelt on the role of criticism. Novelist Kum Veerabhadrappa observed that the media, except for a few newspapers, is not publishing book reviews. Another panelist Mamata Sagar felt that critics should go beyond categorizing authors as women writers, Muslim writers and dalit writers. According to her, genres have become multi-dimensional and hence categorization becomes absurd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17554591", "title": "Cloud over KSRTC e-ticketing machines", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state road transport corporation is engaged in a technology-based modernization to ensure transparency in its functioning but a controversy over electronic ticketing machines and software has put a section of its employees under a cloud of suspicion.Bangalore-based Micro-FX, which supplied over 3,500 ticketing machines to the KSRTC since 2003, has petitioned the chief minister, transport minister and corporation authorities that the software and spare parts of machines that had gone missing from its offices in Thiruvananthapuram and Aluva in 2006 were being used by the corporation. It has also registered a police complaint.The firm has alleged that the software and spare parts were hacked and stolen by a former employee, who is now engaged in repairing the malfunctioned ETMs that use the stolen software.\"This former employee and his companion were arrested and sent to jail in 2006 for hacking our software and billing machines, ticketing machines and its imported components. The same person is now supplying spare parts, stolen from our office, and repairing ETMs with KSRTC. In effect, the KSRTC is using stolen spare parts and software. A section of KSRTC employees is earning a commission in the name of the purchase and service of ETMs,\" Micro FX managing partner Sahib Jan said.The firm claims that the stolen ETMs are being used in some depots. It has alleged that the collection from these machines is shared among a section of employees.Nearly 60 ETMs had gone missing from various KSRTC depots from 2005 to 2009. It is suspected that these machines are also used on routes with the support of a section of officers in KSRTC headquarters. The corporation had not registered any police complaint in connection with the missing machines but it conducted an internal inquiry and took action against a few employees.Corporation officials, however, rubbished the allegation and said they had bills to prove that the software and spare parts were purchased locally. \"The firm has never approached us with the complaint. Also, we haven't found any of the missing machines being used,\" said the officer in charge of ticketing machines.They levelled a counter-allegation that Micro-FX had, from early this year, backtracked from its annual maintenance contract of machines it supplied in 2008. \"We had made advance payment for the maintenance. They did not provide the maintenance but instead locked the machines with a secret code. We are considering legal action against the firm, asenior officer from the EDP Centre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551608", "title": "Government employees pack up parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many paid parking lots in the city near government houses are mostly packed with vehicles of the government employees, leaving hardly any space for other visitors in the locality to park their vehicles. Sector 17 and 34 parking lots are the ones where the problem is prominent because of the presence of many government offices and banks around.The parking wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation found that weekdays witness parking lots packed with government employees' vehicles. The parking wing is contemplating to consult the parking contractors and consider their opinion in finding a suitable solution to this.MC's parking wing superintendent Kashmira Singh said they have asked the opinions of the parking contractors as they have paid huge sums for the contract. \"Our officials inspected the lots and found that there was hardly any space for outsiders, shoppers and tourists to park their vehicles at these parking lots,\" he added.City resident Aman Kumar who comes to Sector 17 daily to attend his computer classes said he wastes a lot of time every day trying to find a parking spot. \"Some even block parking slots for their friends and bosses until they come and park,\" he added.A parking contractor from the city, who declined to be named, said the residents face trouble as government officials pack up the parking lot. \"But, there is no other option for us than allowing them to park as it affects our business.\"Most government departments had until recently put up iron railings separating their space at the parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555084", "title": "News of a kidnap inspires two films", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Almost two decades ago, ten-year-old Austrian girl Natascha Kampusch went missing on her way back from school. For eight years, the girl's captor locked her up in a cellar. Later, she escaped from captivity and the teenager tells the world about her ordeal through her autobiography.Natascha's eight-year ordeal and escape in 2006 inspired two women directors from two different countries to make movies.The 17th edition of the IFFK has included one film in the competition section. The film, 'Ivan's Woman' scripted and directed by Chilean director Francisca Silva replaces Natascha with Natalia and her captor Wolfgang Priklopil with Ivan.Ivan's Woman was screened at 17th IFFK on Saturday. The other film, 3096 Days, signifies the number of days Natascha spent in the cellar. The film is now being made by Munich-based production company Constantin Films. The late scriptwriter Bernd Eichinger, who wrote for the film 'Downfall' about Hitler's last days, had finished the script for '3096 Days' before he died in 2011.The film is being directed by Sherry Hormann. While '3096 Days' covers all aspects of Natascha's tale-from her abduction at the age of 10 to her escape at 18, Ivan's Woman depicts the emotional intensities of a man and a girl caught up in a cellar for a long time.Natascha has also written memoirs of her experience titled '3096 Days' in which she recounts how her captor Wolfgang Priklopil had starved her, beat her so badly that she could her hear her spine snap and forced her to clean his house half naked. He treated her as his slave.She escaped in August 2006 and Priklopil committed suicide hours later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17550375", "title": "Fearing protest, TN N-plant fortified", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A thick security blanket has been thrown around the Kudankulam nuclear power plant with the anti \u00e2\u20ac\u201dnuclear protesters announcing their plan for another 'sea siege' on Monday to synchronize with the world human rights day. The first siege by protesters wading into the sea after their movement was blocked by road, was staged in October.On Sunday, the minister of state in the PMO V Narayansamy asserted here that the plant would be commissioned irrespective of the protests as all safety aspects had been taken care of.A large posse of police, in addition to several companies of CRPF and CISF has been deployed in and around the plant in the coastal village in Tirunelveli district since Saturday. The last time the protesting villagers made an attempt to besiege the plant it gave way to violence. The police lathi-charged the protesters and one fisherman was killed in police firing at Tuticorin on September 10 while another protester panicked by a low flying surveillance aircraft, died in hospital a few days later. On October 8, the fishermen attempted to besiege the plant via the sea route in more than 700 boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554345", "title": "Sambalpuri art film wins hearts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sala Budha (Stupid old man), the Sambalpuri art movie, got rave reviews at its premiere at Jayadev Bhavan here on Sunday.Although it is a black and white flick, which has been shot in villages, it has the power to stir emotions, said Sritam Das, actor. \"The presentation, screenplay and story line have been very powerful. The film has not diverted from the main theme for a single moment. It has the potential to get national accolades like Bhukha (hunger), the first Odia movie in Sambalpuri language,\" said Sritam. He said the characters were portrayed well. Other Odia movie stars present at the premiere were Sabyasachi, Usasi Mishra and Pinki Pradhan.The movie, which centred around how an old man of a village in Subarnapur district, reposed faith in almighty and despite exploitation by the king, he remained the same generous human being. \"While others in the village kept their hands crossed after drought loomed large, this old man kept inspiring everybody. Even when the king took away his lands, he was unmoved. He was a man of courage even though villagers called him Sala Budha,\" said Sabyasachi Mohapatra, film's director.The film, having six songs and made under the banner of Mohapatra Movie Magic Private Ltd, has been shot extensively in Karnapali village of Subarnapur district. 25 years ago, his film Bhukha received international acclaim. The film was the first from Odisha to get an international jury award at Gijon International Film Festival. Bhukha depicted how a rural musical party and its artistes could not survive the onslaught of modern music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554346", "title": "'Race 2' has been most challenging: Jacqueline Fernandez", "text": "Actress Jacqueline Fernandez considers \" Race 2 \" as her most challenging film and says a lot of hard work has gone into it.\"It is the most negative character I have played. It is very challenging to do something like that. I had to tackle each scene with an underlying thought that the character is concealing a deep dark secret. Every character is dark and that is the beauty of the film,\" she said in an interview.\"It is a nice change. It's something new to try. It was very challenging. To be this evil person and be negative, you have to work on yourself,\" she added.Comparing \"Race 2\" to her previous hit \"Housefull 2\" , Jaqueline said: \"' Housefull 2' was like a walk in the park. It was fun, everyone was having a good time. Everything was spontaneous. 'Race 2' is more calculative, you have to rehearse. You need to understand that certain messages need to be sent to the audience. So ' Race 2' was most challenging.\"With so many films crossing the Rs.100-crore-mark, Jacqueline feels the term is overrated now.\"I feel that a lot of films have crossed Rs.100 crore now, I think it has become overrated. Now we should talk about Rs.200 crore,\" she said.Asked how does she go about choosing scripts, Jacqueline said: \"I don't have any strategy, I just took whatever came my way. It just happened that these were fantastic offers which just came my way. Things have really started shaping up for me,\" she said.Directed by Abbas-Mustan, \"Race 2\" also features Saif Ali Khan , John Abraham , Anil Kapoor , Deepika Padukone and Ameesha Patel in prominent roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17551003", "title": "No respite from septic tank's stink", "text": "MARGAO: Agitated shop owners on the Isidore Baptista road behind Grace Church, Margao, have decided to seek police intervention in the matter of a faulty septic tank that hasn't been removed despite recent site inspections carried out by the Margao municipal council (MMC) and the Margao urban health Centre ( UHC).The shop owners had filed complaints on November 8 to the MMC and Margao UHC, but the government only reacted on November 24, after the tank was found to be overflowing, and a large amount of sewerage water was seen flowing out in front of their shops on November 23, creating a horrible stench. The complaint had stated that soak pit of the Rahda enclave's C-block on the Isidore Bapitsta road was overflowing and creating a nuisance in the surrounding area.The recently-transferred MMC CEO Srinet Kotwale, who the shop owners had initially complained to, had given instructions to seal the septic tank and instructed MMC officials to take measures to stop the leakage.On Sunday, the shop owners were aghast to find that allegedly illegal trenches were being dug without the building society's consent, that tried to connect the septic tank to the drainage near the shops, and they claimed that not only would this congest the gutter, but the unbearable stench would continue. Antonio Xavier de Souza, who owns a shop there, filed the complaint with the Margao police, who have said that they will look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551767", "title": "Before you turn a guarantor...", "text": "It is important to understand the financial liabilities you will incur since you may have to pay the dues if the borrower were to default. Has your best friend decided to take a bank loan and asked you to be a guarantor? Before you feel weighed down by obligation and agree to become one, consider the consequences . For, according to a ruling passed by the Supreme Court in May this year, if a debtor defaults, it is the guarantor's responsibility to repay the entire loan. The apex court ruling was passed on a case filed by one Ganga Kishun of Uttar Pradesh, who had stood guarantor for a loan taken by his friend, Ganga Prasad, who died without clearing the loan. The Supreme Court held Kishun liable to pay Prasad's dues as he had been the guarantor for the loan.So if you don't want to land in a problem, it is important to doublecheck the borrower's financial record and repayment ability. Here are the other things you should consider before you agree to turn a guarantor.The responsibility of repaying the debt doesn't automatically fall to the heirs. It's the guarantor's obligation to pay if the debtor defaults or dies. You should also ensure that you have the financial wherewithal to shoulder the additional liability that will come in case the debtor defaults.The bank will not immediately begin to pester you the first time a borrower is unable to pay an EMI. It will first send him a notice. If the debtor continues to default on three payments , the bank will send him a registered notice . It will send a legal notice to the debtor and the guarantor only after the borrower does not pay the EMI for more than four months. Depending on the terms and conditions of the agreement, the bank may initiate legal proceedings against the debtor and guarantor simultaneously , or independently.How it impacts youMany people agree to become loan guarantors believing that their responsibility is limited to ensuring that the debtor pays his EMIs on time. However, a guarantor is not only bound to pay the loan amount if the debtor defaults, but the transaction could impact his credit score and loan eligibility too.If the borrower defaults, it will negatively affect your credit score. A bad credit score could make it difficult for you to borrow when you want to take a loan yourself. This is because the lender will determine your borrowing capacity only after taking into account the loan for which you are a guarantor. \"This doesn't mean that you will not be given a loan at all, but banks will definitely be cautious while assessing your repayment capacity,\" says Madan Mohan , credit counsellor, Disha Counselling Centre. This is why experts advise that if you do need to be a guarantor , agree for loans with shorter tenures instead of longterm ones such as home loans. Not only will your responsibility end sooner, but the loan value will also be usually lower in a short-term loan than in a long-term one. The only exception to this rule is if you need to guarantee a home loan. This is because if there is a default, the lender can always recover its dues by selling the asset. However, in cases where there is no asset as in the case of an education loan, the bank will force you as the guarantor to repay the loan in case of a default, and if you are unable to pay the EMI, it is entitled to recover the dues from your estate. This is why banks ask guarantors for a collateral too.Know your liabilityYou cannot choose to limit your liability as a guarantor. The sole purpose of getting a guarantor for a loan is to ensure that the bank doesn't lose its money in case of a default by the debtor. In fact, if you are forced to pay the EMI, you won't even be able to ask the lender to tweak it in terms of the interest rate or tenure. So, do not go by the creditworthiness of the debtor alone. Check your own financial capability before signing on the dotted line. Take into account your own financial goals to see if you will require a loan in the future.One way to lessen your burden is to ask the borrower to get another guarantor. Of course, if a default occurs, you will have to pay, but in this case, the EMI could be split between the two guarantors.Another way to protect yourself is to insist that if the borrower has taken a long-term loan, he should take a loan payment insurance. So, if the borrower dies, the insurance could be used to pay the loan and you will not be financially burdened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554274", "title": "Teenager designs maths website for students", "text": "RANCHI: Are you one of them who suffer from mathphobia? Do you get lost in the maze of mathematical formulae on the eve of examination? Relax and take a deep breath. Here's a website that has solution to all your problems.Seventeen-year-old Yogesh Kumar has designed a website, which can solve mathematical problems for students between Classes VI-XII. Yogesh spent one year on developing the software. The website is based on the syllabi issued by the National Council for Educational Research and Training.\"I prepared the software on visual basics 6.0 - a software to design other software. I learnt about it through books and internet,\" said Yogesh.One of his teachers, Arun Kumar Murmu, taught Yogesh how to design websites and later encouraged him to design his own site.The software is available on Yogesh's website and can be downloaded free of cost. \"The software can solve any of the problems of Classes VI-XII. The software will not just give answers but also steps to solve any particular problem - be it linear equations, graphs or trigonometry,\" said Yogesh.Yogesh did not have any idea about computers till he was in Class XII. He was introduced to computer by a friend after their board results came out. But after the vast pool of knowledge on internet unfolded before Yogesh, he could not but develop keenness to know more about computers. He started reading voraciously on the technology.After his board examinations, he stared learning about software designing. On being asked, how he got inspired to develop software for mathematics, Yogesh said, \"My younger brother used to see me reading about computers so he asked me to design a game for him. As he is about to give his 10th boards, I thought instead of game, why not develop a software that would help him in his studies.\"Yogesh has developed the software but he has not applied for a copyright yet as he cannot afford this. \"Applying for copyright costs around Rs 20,000-25,000 and being a son of a farmer I cannot afford it. That is why I have put the software on website so people can utilize it. In future, I am planning to add physics and chemistry problems in the software too.\"However, Yogesh's father Rambrit Sahu did not sound very excited about this. \"We wanted him to finish his studies and start working so that we could get some financial support but instead he has this obsession for computers and spends the whole day reading books on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17551090", "title": "'Consumers must obey law to avail protection'", "text": "PANAJI: A mobile purchaser, who did not take a receipt to avoid value added tax , lost his case related to a defect in goods against the dealer before Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission.Dismissing the petition, the commission observed that the \"Consumer Protection Act, 1986, was intended to protect the consumers, but consumers can be protected only in accordance with law and not by overstepping the law.\"The case relates to Devdatta S Naik, who purchased a Nokia 1600 from Sai cellular services, Margao, at a cost of 3800 in December 2005. He paid the dealer 1000 by cheque and the balance of 2800 in cash. He did not obtain a receipt, in order to save 12.5% tax. The phone failed after two days and had to be sent to Pune for repairs. The replacement phone that the dealer gave him also failed. Naik then insisted on getting a new phone and refused to accept the repaired phone.When the phone stopped functioning and the citizen demanded a replacement from the manufacturer, he was advised by a lawyer that it would be futile to take up the case with the mobile phone company as the complainant did not have proof of purchase under the terms of the warranty.The commission noted that the complainant chose not to obtain the purchase receipt with a view to gain 12.5% of the purchase price causing corresponding loss by way of VAT to the government.He approached the South Goa district consumer forum and sought to recover from the dealer the sum of 3800 of the mobile phone and a sum of 228 as interest @ 18% for a certain period and 10,000 by way of damages on account of deficiency in service, etc. The forum allowed his complaint but with an interest rate of 9%.Aggrieved with the order, the dealer appealed to the Goa state consumer grievances redressal commission. After hearing arguments from both sides, the commission noted that it is Nokia that was liable to repair or replace or refund the price under the said warranty, and not the dealer. It faulted the findings of the district forum and set aside its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554710", "title": "Akaanksha not yet in Yogaraj Bhat\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film", "text": "In the days after the release of her hit film Edegaarike, actress Akaanksha was in the news for more than just the film, which traces the lives of two Bangalore-based dons. The rumour in Gandhinagar was that the two-film-old actress had been signed on for filmmaker Yogaraj Bhat's next production, which will be directed by his protege Gadda Vijay and stars Yogaraj and Neenasam Satish, among others.When we spoke to Akaanksha about the same, she acknowledged that she had indeed been approached by Bhatru production house. \"I have had discussions with them and was to have had a meeting with representatives of his firm the day before I left Bangalore for Mumbai, but that did not happen. I am not sure what transpired, and am hoping to hear from them soon,\" says the actress. She adds, though, that if she does sign up for the yet-to-be-titled film, that will bring her back to Bangalore earlier than planned.\"There is also some development for a Hindi film project, so either that or my new Kannada film. I will commit to whichever happens first,\" she says.Yogaraj Bhat, meanwhile, confirms having approached Akaanksha for the role, but feigns ignorance about why things haven't progressed beyond that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551439", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation plan to light up Jaipur falls flat", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) mega plan to deck up city with dazzling lights came a cropper due to lack of planning and technical knowledge.Recently, the JMC had purchased 2,500 white metallic bulbs, each costing Rs 45, to be installed across the city. However, when the bulbs were installed, its light failed to reach the ground.Sanjeev Sharma, chairman, light committee, said, \"The bulbs which were installed earlier were of 250 watts. However, the new bulbs are of only 150 watts. When bulbs were installed from Choti Chaupar to Haris Marg, the light failed to reach the ground from 13 metre long pole,\" he added.\"Now, we will replace old bulbs with new ones. Five thousand bulbs will be installed across the city. The labour charges for installing each bulb is about Rs 100,\" he said.The light committee and administration claim non-availability of technical staff as the major reason for such mistake.A senior engineer at JMC said, \"There are eight zones. In each zone, around four junior engineers, four assistant engineers, and one executive engineers are required. However, there is acute staff crunch; even civil engineers are deployed for the installation of bulbs.\"Sharma claimed, \"The issue has been raised many a times in general body meeting and executive meeting, however, no action has been taken so far.\"On the other hand, the recent proposal to save energy, the JMC has planned to install special road lights that could be switched on and switched off whenever needed. However, proposal remains in cold storage.As per the proposal, the lights fade slowly as the traffic pressure goes down and bulbs will be automatically switched off at 6 am. The decision is still pending with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555818", "title": "Vijay's treat to Venkat Prabhu", "text": "Venkat Prabhu is host a television show 'Kollywood King' on Vijay TV and he seemed to have shared an exciting bit of news about how Vijay was so impressed with Mankatha.Vijay seemed to have been very happy after seeing this Ajith starrer ' Mankatha ' as a fan and was impressed with the entertainment that the movie offered. He had invited Venkat Prabhu to his house. Vijay's wife cooked and served dinner to Venkat and the couple's hospitality bowled over the director.When asked if he would direct a mass film such as Mankatha for Vijay as well, Venkat said in typical Vijay style '\"I am waiting\" as he did in his latest hit movie ' Thuppakki ' sirected by AR Murugadoss.The audience were thrilled about this and perhaps Vijay fans could soon hope for a Venkat Prabhu-Vijay movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555468", "title": "Shyamche Vadil based on divorce cases in the country", "text": "Producer Ajay Pathak and director R. Viraj are coming up with their ambitious film 'Shyamche Vadil - Ek Nave Parva' under the banner of 459 Entertainment. The film has a star cast of Mohan Agashe, Tushar Dalvi, Vinay Apte, Sulekha Tendulkar, Rima Lagoo, Vidyadhar Joshi etc. While Chinmay Udgirkar plays the role of Shyam, Smita Talwalkar and Shekhar Navre play guest roles. The film has a very riveting subject about the way people look at divorce today and how in an attempt to get a divorce both the husband and wife even level false allegations at one another and often succeed in disgracing one another in society. Though twenty five years ago, no one used to seek divorce at the smallest pretext, today the times have changed and the situation is different and there are several people who opt for divorce for various flimsy reasons.While the producer Ajay Pathak himself has written the subject for the film, the screenplay and the dialogues have been penned by both Ajay Pathak and R. Viraaj. Incidentally, it is R. Viraaj's second film as a director. The film which will be an out and out family social drama emphasises on emotion and will be released in Mumbai, Pune and Nashik on December 14, 2012.Playback singers Hariharan and Soham Pathak have sung five melodious songs for the film composed by Soham, Aditya and Nikhil. Sandy is the choreographer while Satyavan Gavade is the executive producer for the film. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550764", "title": "Cops recover part of Mahankali diamonds", "text": "A day after four persons, an employee of a courier firm, were nabbed in the sensational diamond parcel missing case, cops recovered most of the lost property. Earlier, Srinivas Reddy, an employee of Green Dart Courier service lodged a complaint with the Mahankali police alleging that a parcel sent through their agency by Delhi-based diamond merchant, Haleemuddin, went missing.During the probe, police grilled staff of the courier firm and also workers of one Prem Ratan, who runs a diamond crafting business in the city including one Mavulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550742", "title": "AP Wakf Board questioned about shrinking dargah land", "text": "HYDERABAD: With squatters occupying several properties of Dargah Shah Khamoosh, the minorities welfare department has asked the AP State Wakf Board chief executive officer (CEO) to furnish a report on the dargah's land.Minorities welfare department secretary M Dana Kishore has recently issued a memo to the Wakf Board CEO and asked him to submit immediately a report on the dargah's land with the help of Hyderabad district revenue authorities.It is the second occasion in the recent past the properties of Dargah Shah Khamoosh came under the scanner. The Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (CCLA) had directed the district collector and commissioner, Survey and Land Settlement, to demarcate about 37,000 square yards land whose ownership is in question.The latest issue, however, now pertains to properties of Dargah Shah Khamoosh in the city. As per the gazette notification in 1984 (serial number 1685), the dargah had 865.37 acres at six locations -- Maktha Sultanpura, Ameerguda near Langar Houz, Kanajiguda at Alwal, Maktha Hassan Baig, Muglanikunta and Sabir Gulshan near Karwan.As per the second survey conducted by the AP Wakf Board the total properties of the dargah at Maktha Sultanpura, Ameerguda and Kanajiguda have shrunk to 558 acres. Nearly 69 acres at Maktha Hassan Baig, 266 acres at Muglanikunta and Sabir Gulshan were reportedly struck off the list of properties.Sources said the AP Wakf Board had not given any reason for deletion of the properties of the dargah and there was no accountability for almost 336 acres of wakf land as per the survey report, Dana Kishore said in his report.The minorities welfare department got into action after CPM state secretary B V Raghavulu wrote a letter to minorities welfare minister Syed Mohd Ahmadulla in October apart from writing to other ministers and the secretary himself. The CPM acquired details of the properties of the dargah under the Right to Information Act.\"The main allegations are that 121 acres of dargah land in Kanajiguda were sold by some people and 8.33 acres were illegally transferred to private individuals. The Wakf Board CEO has been asked to give a report on this,\" an official of the minorities welfare department said.When contacted, Dargah Shah Khamoosh mutawali Akbar Nizamuddin said some properties might have been deleted by the wakf survey commissioner due to 'oversight'. \"After I came to know about deletion of some properties, I wrote to the wakf survey Commissioner and minorities welfare department secretary to take steps to include all dargah properties in the list,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553969", "title": "'Vikram was the perfect fit'", "text": "Even as 'Kumki' produced by Thirrupathi Brothers N Lingusami and Subash Chandra Bose and Studio Green gets ready to hit the screens next week, the cast and crew of 'Kumki' met the media in Chennai on Friday to announce the release date and shared some interesting details.The filmmaker said that he selected Vikram Prabhu for the lead role, not because he is the grandson of thespian Sivaji Ganesan or son of Prabhu. Speaking on the occasion, director Prabhu Solomon said \"Vikram was the perfect fit for the role which I had in my mind. Also, he equipped himself fully well for the character. He will rock after Kumki 's release.\"The entire cast and crew of the film including lead pair Vikram Prabhu, Lakshmi Menon, Thambi Ramaiah, Joe Malluri, Ashwin, music director D Imman, lyricist Yugabharathi, cinematographer Sukumar, art director Vairabalan, producer N Lingusami and Studio Green's KE Gnanavelraja were present.The director said that the film is not just about an elephant and its caretaker. \"There is a beautiful love story and it will be the surprise package,\" he added.Kumki is all set to be released on Dec 14th along with Gautham Menon's ' Neethaane En Ponvasantham ' starring Jiiva and Samantha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552156", "title": "'50% companies unaware of pressing cyber threats'", "text": "PUNE: Many big businesses in the corporate sector remain unaware of the possibility of cyber threats, IT endpoint protection solutions company Kaspersky Lab has said.The company said statistics indicate an overall lack of awareness of IT security issues among businesses, even in developed countries. Around 50% of companies globally, and an even greater percentage in the US are in general unaware of, and don't take effective measures against, the most pressing cyber threats, Kaspersky said.According to its survey on global IT security risks conducted by B2B International, half of the companies surveyed around the world were not knowledgeable about the security threats they may face. \"This results in a lack of resources put into gaining relevant knowledge, into IT security systems, and into IT department staffing...,\" Kaspersky said, adding that this was admitted by 58 per cent of the IT professionals surveyed.Eugene Kaspersky , CEO and co-founder of Kaspersky Lab, said: \"Companies shouldn't underestimate global cyber threats. This issue has started to be taken seriously of late, and businesses have begun to worry, leading to increases in the number of IT staff working specifically in IT security (now about 40% of IT staff in companies all around the world). Increasing the level of computer literacy among staff is an essential element of security, while senior management needs to be fully aware of the potential consequences of cyber threats, and understand that reliable protection of the corporate network is vital in ensuring the effective development of a company's IT infrastructure.\"Websense Security Labs, in its predictions for the 2013 threat landscape has said cybercriminals are similar to legitimate application developers in that they focus on the most profitable platforms. A sizeable number of business organizations allow employees to use their personal devices for work. This, Websense said, will mean malicious mobile applications will increasingly slip through validation processes and continue to pose risks to organizations enabling the 'bring your own device' policies. \"The past year illustrated how quickly the threat landscape continues to evolve, with attacks and exploits redefining the concepts of crime, business espionage and warfare. The risk to organizations continues to be amplified by the frailty of human curiosity. It's now expanding across diverse mobile platforms, evolving content management systems and an ever-increasing population of online users,\" said Charles Renert, vice-president of Websense Security Labs.Vincent Weafer, senior vice-president of IT security software firm McAfee Labs, said, \"Cybercrime exhibits few signs of slowing down. Though we tend to highlight the numbers, the fact is that we continue to see increased sophistication of attacks. Cybercrime, hacktivism and cyber warfare are in a continual state of evolution. Everyone from governments to large enterprises, small business and home users are facing a wider range of digital threats from these forces, as they gain more actionable intelligence on their victims, and leverage the newest attack platforms and exploits tools to launch their campaigns. We all need to equip ourselves with basic situation awareness to our online risks and how best to prevent and combat these threats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17551312", "title": "Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited unearths oasis", "text": "JAISALMER: The Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited (RSMML) while mining lignite coal in Nagaur area struck upon huge water reserves. The RSMML is now working on the ambitious plan to utilize this water for drinking and industrial purposes.The huge reserve of water was detected when the RSMML was looking for lignite in the Kansau area of Nagaur. The company has set up a water filtration plant and is supplying water to 120 villages.According to RSMML managing director, Ajitabh Sharma, \"While mining for lignite in Nagaur at the allotted Matasukh block, we struck upon water reserves. The water pressure is huge. A plant has been set up and 13 MLD flitered water is being supplied to 120 villages. A complete system has been developed through PHED. Also, about 10 MLD water is being distributed to industries.\"He said similarly, in Nagaur's Kansau block, while mining lignite, water reserves were found and here the pressure of water is much more but here we need to use it for mining lignite. From here, 80MLD water can be drawn and a plan has been prepared to use this water for other purposes too. Sharma said a plant is being set up, so that water can be used for different purposes like for drinking, irrigation and industries etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554753", "title": "Freida Pinto part of Dubai International Film Festival 2012 jury", "text": "Freida Pinto, who joined Cate Blanchett and stars from the Arab world including Nelly Kareem and Khaled Al Nawaby at the Dubai international Film Festival, expressed her excitement on being part of the jury.The 28-year-old Indian-origin actress, who wore a glittering gold Ralph Lauren dress for the event, is the head of the jury for the short film competitions in the Muhr Arab, Muhr AsiaAfrica and Muhr Emirati categories.\"I love Dubai and it's great to be back. I haven't seen any films yet but I am excited to be part of the jury,\" Gulf News quoted her as saying.\"I will be seeing many movies with subtitles,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551906", "title": "5 components decide court jurisdiction in cheque bounce case: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench ruled that serving notice from a particular place in cheque bounce cases shouldn't mean that the dispute would come under the jurisdiction of the court of that place. \"Only because the cheque was presented at the bank from Aurangabad by the complainant, the place for 'presentation of the cheque to the bank' and 'returning it unpaid by the drawee bank' cannot become Aurangabad,\" Justice TV Nalawade ruled, while allowing a petition by a Delhi based businessman against Videocon Industries Limited.Videocon pleaded that since the notice regarding bouncing of cheque was served from Aurangabad, the case should be put on trial under the court's jurisdiction in the same city. However, high court made it clear that place of transactions and other criteria point towards Delhi, hence Aurangabad court doesn't have the required jurisdiction.Madan Gupta had given a cheque of Rs5.09 lakh drawn from a Delhi based bank to Videocon's registered office in Aurangabad. However, it bounced, so notice was served to him from Aurangabad and he was directed to make the payment in the same city. This is because, in the agreement, i.e. the tax invoice, it had been clearly mentioned that all disputes would be come under Aurangabad court's jurisdiction. The respondent company filed a case under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act, 1938 against the petitioner in Aurangabad. Gupta challenged this decision in Aurangabad JMFC stating that the cheque had been given to the company as security and it was misused by Videocon. The court rejected his application.Gupta subsequently filed a petition before the high court contending that since all the transactions had taken place in Delhi, so the case comes under the jurisdiction of the courts there.Citing an apex court verdict, Justice Nalawade laid down the test to determine where the jurisdiction will lie for such cases. Generally, the place of offence is used for determining the jurisdiction. \"The SC verdict laid down five components for a cheque bounce case to test the required jurisdiction,\" he observed. First is the place of drawing the cheque, second is the place of its presentation to the bank, third is the place of returning of cheque unpaid by the drawee bank, fourth is the place from where notice is served in writing to the drawer, demanding payment, and the fifth is the place where the drawer had to make payment within 15 days of the notice being served.Justice TV Nalawade further observed that offence described in the complaint made by Videocon can't come under Aurangabad JMFC's jurisdiction. He therefore asked the JMFC to return the complaint to Videocon with entire record and asked latter to approach the competent court in Delhi which has the jurisdiction to decide the case.(Inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550416", "title": "Mafia encroaches green belt", "text": "NOIDA: Even though Noida Authority on Thursday cleared nearly 90 acres of encroached land from three major sectors in Noida, they have failed to take action against land mafia who have encroached upon at least 100 acres of green belt at a prime location near Sector 74 where thousands of housing units are being developed. Authority officials had claimed that they would soon raze the encroachments, but so far no action has been taken.The Noida Authority on Thursday had flattened nearly 90 acres of encroached government land valued at about Rs 10,000 crore from three major sectors in Noida, but it appears officials are less bothered about the green belt in the city. A TOI team had recently visited Sector 74 and found that the green belt was heavily encroached on. Even construction work was being undertaken on some of the plots. When the issue was raised before the Noida Authority OSD Manoj Rai, he had said that a team would be sent to conduct a probe and demolish illegal construction, but to no avail.Nearly five years back, residential plots were allotted in various areas, including Sectors 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118 and 119 to various developers. Thousands of housing units are being constructed in these sectors now. With the development of this region, the cost of land in this area has gone up. Taking into consideration the realty market , land mafias encroached on the green belt and started trapping innocent people by selling them illegal plots at nominal costs.The illegal colonizers have been taking advantage of the land row that has been going on in Greater Noida for quite some time. The land mafia has been selling land at Rs 15,000 per square yard after illegally cutting plots on green belts. \"The government should take immediate action on such encroachment, otherwise the areas will turn into illegal slums. There should be a separate department to look upon such acts,\" said Amit Gupta, Assocham member.\"The Authority comes into action only after innocent people are cheated. We suspect that some local leaders are also involved in the encroachment. The role of government agencies and the police must be put under the scanner,\" alleged a farmer.When TOI tried to get talk to Noida Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran and OSD Manoj Rai, they refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555361", "title": "Water still a pipe dream for these families", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: About 10 families residing at Paruthippara near Kesavadasapuram have not seen water in the taps in their houses for the past couple of years. The residents allege that there has been no response from the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) authorities despite complaints being filed several times.The fact that Paruthippara, which is situated near the MC Road, comes under one of the fastest developing areas in the city has not helped them either in getting even the basic amenity. The irony is that the residents are still getting the bimonthly water bills from the KWA, which they have been paying promptly.\"It is such an insult having to pay money for something we don't even use or even see, though they are charging us only the monthly rent,\" said K Indira Devi, a housewife, holding the latest bill in her hand. \"We have to go to other houses in the neighbourhood to even take a bath,\" she said.Tired of running after the authorities, the residents recently dug a well in one of their compounds. Now, all the families use the water pumped from the well, which they say is highly insufficient. There are also risk in using the well water, they said.\"We do not have a sewerage system here. All the houses here have septic tanks. Chances are that the waste water may seep into the well. Hence using the water for a long period will invite health hazards,\" said Paruthippara Residents' Association secretary Scaria Chakkalakkal.The KWA officials blame the problem on the houses being located at an elevation higher than the road under which the pipeline supplying water to the locality has been laid, Chakkalakkal said. He further said that two months ago even MLA K Muraleedharan wrote a letter to the KWA officials upon hearing their complaint, but to no avail.Another resident, Syamala, said that they have tried digging bore wells at some houses, but that too did not work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17551865", "title": "In faux pas, media airs pic of wrong \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSaldanha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MANGALORE: Blind faith and over-dependence on social networking sites has created an embarrassing situation for a widow in the city.A section of the print and visual media carried the picture of a 63-yearold widow from Kinnigoli who is also called Jacintha Saldanha and now lives at Bejai in Mangalore, instead of Jacintha, 46, the nurse who was found dead in London. The photograph was sourced from Facebook.Fuming at the media, the older Jacintha said, \"When electronic media started showing my pictures in place of the deceased nurse, I called them and asked them to withdraw it. But... they did not remove my picture even after I informed them about the apparent faux pax committed by them.''To her shock, Jacintha found her pictures in some dailies on Sunday. She received calls from her well-wishers after seeing her picture on the website . On Saturday afternoon she filed a complaint with the police.Mangalore police sources told TOI that a non-cognizable receipt had been made out in this case. \"We tried our best to console Jacintha who was upset and irritated at this blatant invasion of her privacy,\" police said, adding that they would issue notices to all concerned from the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551234", "title": "New Town canals light up green dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to generate green energy, the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) has decided to install solar panels over all the canals flowing through Rajarhat. It will be a part of the Rajarhat-New Town solar city project and will also prevent pollution of the canal water.Hidco officials recently reviewed the progress of the solar city project report. \"There will be a component in the report on installation of photovoltaic panels over canals through New Town, including Bagjola canal and other link and periphery canals,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen.He added that the draft report is likely to be completed by January. Sources said that to be called a solar city, at least 10% of the power used by the township will have to come from solar energy.Street lighting, entertainment and community lighting are the standard areas where solar power is used. Two new concepts - energy efficiency and green building - have also been incorporated in the project and the authorities are currently working on elements such as solar water heater, solar streetlight, solar staircase light and green building.\"The concept is to develop Rajarhat into an energy-intelligent township, minimizing the use of conventional electricity and using renewable energy as much as possible,\" said an official.The authorities are working to ascertain the areas in which the use of solar power can be maximized. Already, a long stretch of the major arterial road has been lit up with LED streetlights and more such lights will be installed on various roads in the township.Hidco is also trying to introduce battery-run three wheelers on short routes. Discussions are on with the West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency to move ahead with the plan, an official said.However, experts feel that with scarcity of adequate land for setting up solar power plants, it's best to install solar panels over waterbodies to generate power. Earlier, the Arka-IGNOU Community College of Renewable Energy had come up with a proposal to set up floating solar modules on the city's wetlands, particularly those in east Kolkata. The proposal has been sent to the Centre.As a part of the Rajarhat New Town solar city project that was earlier announced by the Centre, the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) is preparing a draft report to place solar panels on the canals flowing through Rajarhat not only to generate green energy but also to protect the canal water from pollution. The draft report will be ready by January.Hidco officials recently reviewed the preparation of the solar city project report. \"It was discussed that there should be a component in the report that solar photovoltaic panels may be placed over the canals that goes through New Town including Bagjola canal and the other link and periphery canals. This will protect the canal water from pollution and will also give enough space to generate green energy through the solar panels on the canals,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen.To be a solar city, at least 10% of the power the township uses will have to come from solar energy. Street lighting, entertainment and community lighting are the standard areas where solar power is used and two more aspects - energy efficiency and green building - were also incorporated in the solar city concept to broaden the concept. Elements such as solar water heater, solar streetlight, solar staircase light and green building are all part of the solar city concept on which the authorities are working on.\"The concept is to develop Rajarhat New Town into an energy-intelligent township, minimizing the use of conventional electricity and using more renewable energy as much as possible,\" said an official.The authorities are working as to which areas the use of solar power could be maximised and effectively. Already, a long stretch of the major arterial road has been lighted up with LED streetlights and more such lights will be installed on various roads in the township. The authorities are working on introducing battery-run three wheelers to run in short routes Hidco was in touch with the West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency to move on with the plans.Experts said that with scarcity of adequate land for setting up solar power plants, using the waterbodies for installing solar panels could be very useful for generating solar power. Earlier, the Arka-IGNOU Community College of Renewable Energy that was set up came up with an innovative proposal to install floating type solar modules on the wetlands of the city, particularly on the waterbodies of east Kolkata wetlands. The proposal has been sent to the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552441", "title": "Rs 1000 for Kamal's Viswaroopam on DTH", "text": "Kamal Haasan is set to revolutionise cinema in India. He will be releasing his latest flick Viswaroopam on DTH eight hours prior to the release of the movie in cinemas.However, theatre owners are up-in-arms with this proposal. The latest news is that Kamal's Viswaroopam will be charged Rs 1000 on DTH - it will be single viewing and people will not be able to record the flick due to encryption. Kamal has sent out a statement to this effect late last night but this proposal has not been accepted by theatre owners.The movie which is set for release on January 11 - Pongal time in Tamil Nadu - has been involved in this controversy for the last few weeks. Kamal's opinion is that this DTH release will hardly affect theatre owners as only 3% of the population have access to DTH in Tamil Nadu.The worry for theatre owners is that the movie could be shown in public forums like clubs and hotels and other places where large number of people can view it. The theatre owners association head Abirami Ramanathan explained that they are not against Kamal's film but only the release on DTH.Meanwhile there may be another controversy set to erupt for the film. Since it shows Muslims and terrorism there is a section of the Muslim community that feels the movie may be disrespectful to them. When Murugadoss's Thuppakkki released, there were protests by Muslim groups and some scenes were deleted post the release of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550622", "title": "Call for unification of Telanagana forces", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the speculations doing the rounds on Telanagana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS) moving closer to the BJP, its senior leader Etela Rajender on Sunday called upon pro-Telangana forces to come under one umbrella. Taking part in a candle light march organised by the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) at Indira Park to mark the third anniversary of the Centre assuring initiation of official process for the formation of Telangana state, Etela said, \"The need of the hour is the unification of the pro-Telangana forces. They must come together to strengthen the movement.\"Politicians including Nagam Janaradhan Reddy, an independent MLA and president of Telangana Nagara, participated in the march along with the T-JAC leaders. T-JAC activists took out the candle light march at several places across the Telangana region.Meanwhile, BJP launched a three-day deeksha at Indira Park. Addressing the gathering, state BJP president G Kishan Reddy said, \"The Centre is using the T issue for its selfish political ends. When all the political parties have already made their stand clear on the issue, where is the necessity of holding an all-party meeting? We demand that the government move a bill on Telangana in Parliament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17555596", "title": "Now, toothbrush to polish teeth with ultrasonic waves", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed the world's first toothbrush which uses only ultrasound waves to clean teeth - meaning there is no abrasive brushing.While manual toothbrushes have long been replaced by whizzyelectric versions boasting super-fast vibrations and expensive whitening heads, the technology remains the same - abrasive particles in toothpaste rubbed against the teeth to remove plaque.The new high-tech product launched in the UK last week is claiming to be the world's first 100 per cent ultrasound toothbrush, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Some ultrasound technology has been incorporated into electric designs in the past, but this is the first time it has been used alone, requiring no movement of the brush.The new Emmi-dent toothbrush makes a staggering 86 million sound waves per minute and uses only these waves to clean the teeth.The product will cost 79.95 pounds and the manufacturers claim the ultrasound waves emitted cause millions of tiny bubbles to form in the special 3.99 pounds toothpaste you have to use with it.These bubbles are small enough to get between the teeth and into the gums, where they implode, killing bacteria and dislodging tartar and food debris. This means you don't have to use a conventional brushing motion.The technology also kills any bacteria left on the brush head.Since people can't feel ultrasound, the company ,Emmi Ultrasonic AG, has added a vibration to the brush to reassure that it's working.Professor Damien Walmsley, of the British Dental Association, said proper tests need to be done to prove the efficacy of the brush.\"The most important factor in maintaining good oral hygiene still remains regular brushing with fluoride toothpaste and avoiding excessive consumption of sweet or acidic food and drink,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549569", "title": "Delhi Jal Board gets down to plug leak at Yusuf Sarai", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI highlighted about leakage in a potable water pipe in the Yusuf Sarai market at Aurobindo Marg , Delhi Jal Board officials have swung into action.\"We had complained to the officials many times, but the situation remained unchanged since Diwali. Only after media took notice that these officials have come and trying to cap the leak,\" said Raj Kumar , president, Yusuf Sarai Market Traders Association.However, DJB officials claim they had no information about the leak. \"The cause is not yet known. Some days ago, Delhi Metro's digging work was going on in the area and this could have caused the rupture. We will try to fix the problem by Monday morning,\" said a DJB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550955", "title": "Will file defamation suit against Jindal: Subhash Chandra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra and his son Puneet Goenka were questioned for the second day on Sunday in connection with the alleged Rs 100 crore extortion bid from Congress MP Naveen Jindal's company. While Puneet Goenka stayed at the crime branch office for some 20 minutes, Chandra was reportedly confronted with his editors Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia for close to six hours.Subhash Chandra left the crime branch office around 9 pm. He, sources said, claimed during questioning that \"he had no idea about the extortion episode in which his two editors have been arrested and he was in America at that time\". Chandra later told mediapersons, \"I will file a defamation case on Jindals. I came to know about this matter only after the registration of FIR\". He told reporters that \"they are cooperating with the police in the investigation\".A source told TOI that \"Chandra had claimed during questionning that he was not aware of his editors meeting with Jindal executives as he was in America\".The source said, \"He claims that Naveen Jindal had texted him in September asking to meet him. He told Naveen Jindal that he was in America but if it was urgent, he can call. To this, Naveen Jindal texted him that it was not urgent. Chandra claims that if there was any problem, Naveen Jindal should have told him.\"When asked about the call made by Ahluwalia to Chandra after the meeting with Jindal executives, a source, \"Chandra replied to this saying that he talks to his editors on regular basis and Ahluwalia did not tell him about any such meeting\".Earlier, Chandra was questioned for more than nine hours on Saturday but the crime branch wanted to clarify other things so he was called again on Sunday. Both Chandra and Puneet came to the crime branch office around 1.30 pm on Sunday but Puneet left within 20 minutes. Zee Editors Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia, who had been remanded to two-day police custody by a court, were brought to the crime branch office on Saturday night where Chandra and his son were being questioned. Chandra had secured an interim protection from arrest till December 14 from a Delhi court.In a late night statement on Saturday, Zee Group said both Chandra and Puneet extended fullest cooperation to the Delhi Police so that truth emerges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550540", "title": "Govt sets up commission to tackle child abuse cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: With cases of corporal punishment and child abuse increasing in Hyderabad and elsewhere, the women and child welfare department has set up a special child rights commission in a move which is likely to give more teeth to curb violence against children.In the past six months at least 16 cases of severe corporal punishment, out of which one resulting in death of a teenager in a city school along with 60 cases of child labour and 14 cases of molestation have been reported from different parts of Hyderabad, government officials said.At present individuals and organisations can approach the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) for help, but since SHRC is only a recommendation body, the government decided to set up a body which can be more effective.The new commission will have a chairperson and six members, including two women members, who would deal with complaints on a daily basis. The commission will also set up a state-wide child helpline number.Initially, the body will coordinate with different departments to set up a 'child secure network', Sunita Laxma Reddy, minister for women and child welfare department said.The body will coordinate with the state police, labour department, educational institutions and welfare departments to deal with cases of rights violation.The proposal requesting the setting up of the commission came from NGOs dealing with child rights, the minister said.The commission in principle is a constitutional body and has been approved by the Union government and even the Supreme Court in two judgments.The body can take suo motu cases and can penalise the accused. The body is also expected to conduct adalats in each of the districts once in three months to record cases of child rights violations and take legal action against those responsible.However, it's the schools in the state which will have to be wary of the commission as from implementation of Right to Education (RTE) Act to providing basic facilities, the commission would monitor closely the functioning of educational institutions.\"Currently, the secondary and primary education departments are dealing with the cases of RTE violation. Since these departments do not have enough powers to penalise the managements, several cases are left to SHRC to act on. But once the child rights commission becomes functional, schools in the state will have to be on their toes,\" said the minister.The commission is also expected to monitor even the appointment of teachers in schools. As per the RTE rules, teachers who have a history of indulging in corporal punishment cannot be employed.\"However, currently most school managements are not checking their employees' background,\" said Achyuta Rao, president, Balala Hakkula Sangham, a child rights NGO which had petitioned the state government requesting the setting up of the commission.The commission is expected to be fully functional by January, 2013, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17554799", "title": "Gardens to come up in each ward", "text": "HUBLI: For the beautification of the twin cities, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation ( HDMC) and Hubli Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) are identifying gardens to develop in each ward. Both the authorities are seeking public participation for the maintenance of the gardens once they are developed.Each garden will have a high mast lamp and around 6-10 benches and a walking path, said Lingaraj Patil, chairman of HDUDA.Already three parks at Dollars Colony, Laxmi Park and Mayuri Garden on Gokul Road have been provided with high mast lights and benches. Another 10 parks will be facilitated with basic infrastructure.Hubli-Dharwad will convert into a garden city if all the parks developed and well maintained. And sine it is not possible for civic body to maintain all parks in the twin cities on its own, it is seeking help of residential associations and other organizations for their upkeep.Mayor Pandurang Patil said that the process of identifying gardens in each ward has started. By the end of this month, we will identify around 67 gardens and develop them within three months, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17551288", "title": "Protests continue in Egypt against proposed referendum", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt continued to witness protests as opposition members, despite annulment of the controversial decree by President Mohamed Mursi, staged demonstrations against the proposed referendum slated for next Saturday.Large number of people marched towards the presidential palace yesterday for joining demonstrators camping there for past one week.However, The Republican Guard forces blocked all roads leading to the palace to stop them, and only allowed those already inside the road blocks to leave, leading to a verbal friction between the two groups.The supporters of President Mursi, on the other hand, gathered in large numbers in front of the main headquarters of the Muslim Brotherhood in Muqattam.The opposition is objecting to the draft constitution which Egyptians will go to referendum next Saturday.National Front for Salvation, the opposition bloc, wants to escalate the peaceful means of demonstration and has called for massive protests next Tuesday.Pro-Mursi Islamist groups are also calling for massive marches on Tuesday in an apparent show of strength and support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550489", "title": "Tourists under lens for SARS-like virus", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is keeping a close watch on inbound travellers, fearing import of a new respiratory virus that is being seen as a potential global threat and belongs to the same family as the deadly Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday said that the government and the Integrated Disease Surveillance Project have been keeping a close watch on this virus.He said there are 21 ports of entry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 10 port health, 10 airport health and one land border health unit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which have been alerted to prevent and control the spread of communicable diseases such as this.According to Azad, the World Health Organization (WHO) has instructed India against screening at point of entry as \"the current understanding of this novel virus is that it does not appear to transmit easily between people\". He added that the government has prepared a plan of action for 23 new ports of entry with health units for strengthening surveillance.Surveillance against dangerous global pathogens, capable of being brought by international passengers, has been low in India. The country has 25 airports, 12 ports and seven international land borders catering to international traffic. Health units, however, exist only at 21 points \u00e2\u20ac\u201d most of which were established way back in 1950.Health ministry data shows 31 dangerous viruses have till now spread across the world and caused outbreaks through international travel.Union health secretary P K Pradhan had told TOI earlier that by 2014, India plans to have health units in all its airports, ports and land borders. \"This was a WHO requirement for all its member countries under the international health regulations. The deadline was originally till the end of 2012, which has been extended by a year,\" Pradhan had told TOI.WHO said it encourages all member states to continue their surveillance for Severe Acute Respiratory Infections (SARI) and is currently reviewing the case definition and other guidance related to the novel coronavirus.\"Until more information is available, it is prudent to consider that the virus is likely more widely distributed than just the two countries which have identified cases. Member states should consider testing of patients with unexplained pneumonias for the new coronavirus even in the absence of travel or other associations with the two affected countries. In addition, any clusters of SARI or SARI in health care workers should be thoroughly investigated regardless of where in the world they occur,\" WHO said.According to the ministry's 12th Five Year Plan, it seeks to establish health surveillance units, isolation wards and quarantine facilities in 23 additional airports, ports and land borders. The new airports where health surveillance units will come up include Amritsar, Goa, Jaipur, Pune, Nagpur, Srinagar and Guwahati.The land borders with increased surveillance will include Moreh (Manipur), Dawki (Meghalaya), Petrapole (West Bengal), Akhaura (Tripura) and Jogbani and Raxaul (Bihar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550688", "title": "Chain-snatcher has masters in engineering", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aashiana police caught two motorcycle-borne youths Deepak Singh an M Tech and Sunny alias Sonu from Pakri ka Pul, near LDA colony in Aashiana on late Saturday evening in possession of a mobile phone stolen from their area which was under surveillance. The police said the two along with another accomplice Ravi committed the offence of chain and purse snatching and auto lifting several times. Police added that stolen mobile phones, drugs, country-made pistol, cartridges and cash were recovered from the duo. The gang is from Husainganj area in the city and their families have been informed by the police.Deepak Singh told police that he did not find a job even after securing a Masters degree in engineering and to meet his expenses, resorted to anti-social activities. Sunny had given up studies after failing repeatedly in board exams, added in-charge of the Aashiana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550002", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTihar Idols\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 set for album launch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven Tihar Jail inmates are all set to become famous with the release of their own music album by the end of this year. These inmates are winners of 'Tihar Idol', a music competition going on for the past six months in the 10 sub-jails. The winners are now recording songs for a two-part album at a spanking new recording studio at jail number 3. One of these inmates is a Canadian national, sources said.Chosen from five categories - singing, dancing, playing an instrument, acting and writing lyrics - the seven winners include two women. Most of them are undertrials. The lyricists chosen for the album are members of Tihar's in-house band Flying Souls.Starting with 350 hopefuls, four elimination rounds finally short-listed 32 contestants. The inmates were imparted musical training and personal grooming as they progressed through various levels of the contest.Music therapy was introduced in the jail last year. \"The programme is part of the effort of reform through education. We started introducing music rooms in every jail last year. Now every jail has rooms with musical instruments where inmates can come and practice,\" Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta said.The project of Tihar Idol is aimed at uncovering talent as well as building self-esteem. \"Their talent gets recognized in this way but the big prize is self-esteem and pride,\" Naresh Baisla of Music One Records, who hosted the competition, said.Jail inmates are extremely excited about the recording as the album is expected to be formally released by the end of this year. \"Many of them discovered a hidden talent for music. The entire process has been very uplifting,\" a senior jail official said.While Dheeraj Sansi from Rohini Jail and Shivani Wassan from Tihar's jail no. 6 have been chosen among singers, Rishabh Chauhan from jail no. 1 and Swati Mishra from jail no. 6 are the best dancers. Canadian national Joe from jail no. 4 has been chosen as the winning instrumentalist while Akram from jail no. 5 bagged the prize for acting.Among the jury were several Bollywood artists including actor Shehzad Khan, music director Kanwar Bharati and choreographer DS Bhatti, jail officials said. Renowned dancer Birju Maharaj was also part of the selection panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554268", "title": "Juicy forecast for mango cultivators", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state horticulture department hopes to export about 3000 to 5000 tonnes of mango in the forthcoming season, providing farmers an opportunity to reap profits to the tune of Rs 10 crore. About two lakh farmers, including small and marginal cultivators, are expected to benefit from the export.\"We are training farmers on better harvest and packaging so that their produce has a better demand in the export market,\" said horticulture director Sanjeev Chaddha. \"Two varieties of mangoes -- Dasehri and Amrapali -- are in great demand in north India. The two varieties are available in north India market only in August, while we are able to produce them before May. These varieties have a good export potential. More than 4000 tonnes of mangoes will be ready for sale before May,\" said Chaddha.The sale proceeds are expected to garner nearly Rs 15 crore, of which farmers will be able to take home nearly Rs 10 crore, said horticulture assistant director Sankarsan Rout. About two lakh farmers in Odisha grow mangoes, of whom around 40000 are big farmers, he said.\"Marketing of mango was not organised earlier. The horticulture department roped in an NGO called ITS a year ago to procure mangoes for export and supply in the state. If the farmers grow Dasehri and Amrapali, they will earn a profit of Rs 30 per kg. The profit margin will increase after the completion of construction of a mango hub in Dhenkanal, where all the varieties of mangoes from farmers across the state will be collected,\" said Rout.\"We have around two lakh hectare area for mango cultivation in the state, where around 10 lakh tonnes of mango is produced every year, apart from 95 government nurseries where we grow 24 lakh mango saplings. There are also private registered nurseries, which grow about 40 lakh saplings,\" said Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17554475", "title": "Chanpreet Singh brings home gold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fifteen-year-old Chanpreet Singh has added yet another feather on his cap and made the city proud by winning a gold medal in the national Karate championship held at Mumbai. However, an interesting thing about this fighter is that he is an equally good dancer as well.A resident of Dugri, Phase II, Chanpreet said, \"More than 500 karate fighters from all across the country had participated in this championship, 'Chitah Jeet Kune Do 2nd National Championship' held at Mumbai. I am happy that I could emerge on the top with so many talented players in the opposition.\" At present, he is gearing up for the Asia Cup Karate Championship scheduled to be held on January 7 and 8 at Mumbai.A big fan of Bruce Lee and Jacky Chain, Chanpreet has been learning and playing karate since he was just 10 years old. \"I recognized my love for karate when I was 10 years old, and since then I have been training hard to make it to the top. With God's grace I have also won many championships,\" he said.Chanpreet's coach Pawan Kumar said, \"Chanpreet is a very promising player. I am sure he will bring many laurels for the country. I am particularly proud of his gold medal at the North India Ashihara Karate Championship in 2008 and All India Ashihara Championship in 2009. He also won a silver medal in the 10th North India Wuko and Full Contact Karate Championship in 2009.\"The karate champion is also passionate about dancing. \"I am also passionate about dancing, but karate would always be by first love. I was selected among top 10 dancers from all across the country in a reality show on TV. I regularly attended workshops with choreographer, actor and film director Remo D'souza,\" he said.Chanpreet's mother Manpreet Kaur, who is a homemaker, said, \"I am proud of my son and I'm sure he will become a superstar some day. He would be like Akshay Kumar who knows marshal arts and is a superstar as well. He is just 15 and is much ahead of all other students of his age.\"His father Varinderjeet Singh, who is a businessman, said, \"My son is devoted to the game. With God's grace he is flying high and I hope he achieves his goal in life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553359", "title": "Pledge to take every child to school", "text": "ALLAHABAD: International Human Rights Association organised a programme on the eve of Human Rights Day at Darbhanga Colony on Sunday. The day is also being observed as 'Malala Day' as the girl from Pakistan had become a symbol for fight to get education. People pledged to send children to school.Speaking on the occasion, Justice Pankaj Mittal observed it was a matter of concern if children did not go to school and stressed the need for people to ensure children living in their neighbourhood went to school lest the meaning of human rights be left with no relevance. He also laid emphasis on protection of human rights.Mayor Abhilash Gupta observed that women should come forward and fight for their rights and opined that there is a Malala in every women waiting to be awakened.City president of International Human Rights Association Dhananjay Singh emphasised sending children to school to secure their future.S S Tomar chairman of International Human Rights Association stressed efforts be made to take children to school. Education gives broader horizon to children for development. He also raised the issue of custodial death of Chhote Lal Sahu and observed that law and order be maintained in the society.Many people were present in the programme and expressed their views and pledged to work tirelessly to bring children to school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550874", "title": "Musical treat marks end of Mahotsav", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 14-day Lucknow Mahotsav ended on Sunday amid fireworks and performance by folk singer Malini Awasthi and Aparna Yadav.Prior to this, Governor B L Joshi declared the Mahotsav closed and congratulated the organisers for the wonderful show to promote the art and culture of Lucknow.\"This is my fourth visit to the Lucknow Mahotsav and I am thankful to the organisers for inviting me again. Festivals like Lucknow Mahotsav not only create communal harmony but also give a peek into the art, craft and culture of different states,\" he said. Appreciating the Lucknow Mahotsav theme, 'Ekta Ki Virasat', he said, Lucknow is known the world over for its 'Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb'. Former Governor of Andhra Pradesh N D Tiwari also graced the mahotsav closing ceremony.Governor's address was followed by Aparna Yadav's performance in which she regaled the audience with her hit numberslike 'Kabhie sham dhale to mere dil mein aa jaana', 'Jab se tere naina', 'Yeh tumhari meri baatein hamesha yu hi chalti rahein' and 'Yaad wo aye re'.And them amid thunderous applause, the crowd welcomed Malini Awasthi. She sang folk songs related to the wedding tradition of Hindus as well as Muslims. Her songs 'Mubarak rahe lalna ki ghadi', 'Haldi re haldi', 'Kahe ko byahe bides' and 'Lagi nazar bharpur Nizamuddin' enthralled the audience.In her last song 'More Ram Awadh ghar aye re' she set the court of Lord Ram and followed it with welcome of Lord Ram, Laxman and Sita with lighting of diyas. The pandal was jampacked as the crowd enjoyed the melodious voices of Yadav and Awasthi. As Mahotsav approached its climax, the dazzling display of fireworks took place.Meanwhile, according to the organisers, more than 50,000 people thronged the place on Sunday. Visitors had fun with the last day celebrations. Kids took joy rides and women shopped till the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556339", "title": "Water cuts will not exceed 33 per cent: Official", "text": "AURANGABAD: Regional officer of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation, Aurangabad, Annasaheb Shinde has said that with water level rising in Jayakwadi dam, water cuts for industries will not exceed 33%. \"We have been supplying water to the industries 24X7, but with low pressure. It's only that the quantity of water that was pumped by MIDC has been reduced from about 55 MLD to 45 MLD. Hence, there are no irregularities in the 24X7 water supply to the industrial sector,\" he added.After the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation declared 33% water cuts from October, the Marathwada Association of Small Scale Industries and Agriculture officials said that most small scale industries though do not use water as raw material.\"A meeting with the district collector has been organised on Monday to take stock of the water situation. We will discuss the issues related to water and would take some concrete decision about the industries that are using water as raw material. We will give special attention to such industries which will have to use water judiciously,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554215", "title": "Private hospital driver held for kidnapping bid", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A driver employed by a private hospital was arrested here on Sunday for allegedly trying to kidnap a lady attendant of the same hospital in BDA Colony of Chandrasekharpur area.The woman, who police claim is his ex-girlfriend, jumped off his speeding bike while he was allegedly taking her to a place in Mancheswar, foiling his abduction bid.While locals caught hold of the accused, Premananda Parida (28), the woman was rushed to a nearby hospital with multiple injuries on her body. \"The woman is safe. After arresting Parida, we have handed him over to Mahila police,\" said inspector-in-charge of Chandrasekharpur police station Rabi Satpathy.Police said the couple had recently fallen apart after 4-year courtship. Parida, who stays in the BDA Colony, happened to come across the woman, who came to meet her sister in the same Colony. \"Parida waylaid her and tryied to woo her again. But the girl was in no mood for rapprochement. He forced her to sit in his bike and drove fast when she jumped off,\" Satpathy said.The audacity of the accused rekindled memories of similar abduction bids in Chandrasekharpur area in the past. Police on July 12 rescued a city-based engineering girl from Barang area on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar, hours after she was allegedly kidnapped by two youths from Sailashree Vihar area under Chandrasekharpur police limit. The incident occurred when the girl was on her way to her room. The incident was fallout of an unrequited love story. Police arrested two kidnappers, who were acquaintances of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17555765", "title": "Tripura Congress dogged by squabbles ahead of polls", "text": "AGARTALA: Internal squabbles and groupism plague the Tripura Congress ahead of the assembly election next year even as Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) general secretary and royal icon Pradyot Kishore Debbarman submitted his resignation last night.Debbarman made it clear that he would neither contest the upcoming election nor retain any responsibility in the party; he would work as a common supporter maintaining his family tradition, he added.Meanwhile, three senior leaders of the party and MLAs Birajit Sinha, Surajit Datta and Subal Bhowmik raised their voices against the decision of Pradesh Congress president Sudip Roybarman to expel a block Congress president barely a month before the election without serving any notice .Moreover, bargaining for tickets in the election by several aspirants has caused tension among the party workers and leaders despite issuance of a warning from the AICC that workers should accept the party's decision and work united to pull down the Left Front government.The TPCC had suspended Sunil Deb, the BCC president of 5-Khayerpur assembly constituency, from all party positions including primary membership on the charge of anti-party activities last week. The TPCC alleged he harassed TPCC president Roybarman on the eastern outskirts of Agartala.Former TPCC chiefs Birajit Sinha and Surajit Datta and MLA Subal Bhowmik criticized the decision to expel Deb and expressed solidarity with him, adding that the matter would be taken up with AICC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551441", "title": "Weekend fest a getaway for smart set", "text": "Great line-ups don't always broker great conversations, but at the second edition of The Times of India's Literary Carnival, A-listers such as Anita and Kiran Desai, Mira Nair , Katherine Boo, Sunil Khilnani, Ruchir Sharma, Daniyal Mueenuddin and Madeline Miller raised such provocative ideas that they couldn't be contained by the grand halls in which they occurred, but spilled over into the quadrangles and streets around Bandra's Mehboob Studio, where the festival took place. \"Literature unites us,\" beamed one woman to another, evidently a long-lost friend. The Carnival couldn't have been better described, as it united word with thought, reader with author and city with story. Young and old, invalid and hale, chic and gauche, they all came with their saddlebags and walking sticks, their children and dogs, and mingled and mused about literature and its ineluctable lure.From December 7 to 9, Mehboob Studio was packed with the literary and those who knew literature laterally; ones who live the stories and ones who aspire to write them. Each of the festival's four venues was teeming at every session, with people squatting in the aisles and pressed against the walls. And they didn't just sit pretty; they engaged energetically with the panellists, probing and questioning the authors . It was an engagement that must have taken its cue from the easy chemistry of the panellists themselves. There were fractious moments, for example when a member of the audience was curious about translator and author Arshia Sattar's choice of the Ramayana for a subject, or when Anita Desai was questioned about whether she considered daughter Kiran as her rival, to which the veteran responded, \"Why should I consider any author my rival, because each one makes the literary landscape richer.\" Thankfully, though the gloves were off, fists didn't fly.It was Maximum City author Suketu Mehta who at the onset plotted the course of the Carnival with his keynote address, which elaborated on the event's theme of 'Greed, The City and The Pursuit of Happiness' . Each ensuing panel then directly or obliquely advanced new interpretations of this equation. 'Songs of Our Times', for example, dwelt on modern, unorthodox lyrics that reflected urban reality, while the session 'Our Ram, Their Achilles' showed how human nature was at the heart of all mythology, be it Greek or Indian.The litfest claimed two lit 'firsts' \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe joint appearance of mother and daughter Anita and Kiran Desai, and husband and wife Sunil Khilnani and Katherine Boo. There were other star attractions. Activistturned-politician Arvind Kejriwal was incendiary, writer William Dalrymple was incandescent, and the whole lot in between was illuminating. It probably explains why writers (and chefs) have their groupies too. Not only were they mobbed for autographs and book inscriptions, but the design and layout of the Carnival made writers accessible to their fans, many of whom managed corner conversations with their favourites.Over three days, more than 70 authors, activists, journalists, chefs and filmmakers presided over Mehboob, taking the audience across such varied terrain as contemporary politics, 19th century Mughal art, philanthropy, urban planning, Greek and Indian mythology, globalization, haute couture and competitive sport.That literature still lives with the young was evident from their considerable turnout, and not just at predictable sessions like 'To Serve with Love', where Sania Mirza and Boria Majumdar discussed sport, or 'The Anatomy of Corruption' where Swaminathan Aiyar, Amitabha Bagchi, Shiv Viswanathan and Anjali Damania chewed on the C word, but also at sessions that discussed Manto and Achilles. At the session 'Alien in My Own Land', which looked at marginalized groups, they spoke about how the young, too, feel alienated in the modern city.A festival in a city can't truly be a city festival unless it reflects its myriad realities. This, the Carnival did to full credit. It touched on cinema, food, fashion, the arts, urban design and urban argot. Its inclusiveness was best described by festival director Bachi Karkaria, who called it a 'diwan-eaam' and not a sterile 'diwan-e-khas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555885", "title": "Karnataka keeps its fingers crossed", "text": "MYSORE: As the furore that erupted over the release of Cauvery showed no signs of abating, Karnataka continued to release water to Tamil Nadu, complying with the directive from Supreme Court which will resume its hearing on Monday.Karnataka has been releasing 10,000 cusecs of water for the past four days, an action which has drawn flak from farmers and sparked stir in Cauvery-basin districts. On Sunday, former MP G Made Gowda, who is spearheading the Cauvery agitations, launched a hunger strike at KRS in Mandya. But he soon withdrew following a formal assurance from Mandya district administration on stopping the release of water on Monday.Earlier, protesters led by Gowda and Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha leader K S Puttannaiah staged a demonstration at the KRS dam site, seeking stoppage of water.But the protest failed to make any impact because of the high police security at the site.As Gowda began his fast at the north bank gate, Mandya DC B N Krishnaiah and IGP (southern range) Ramachandra Rao intervened and held a meeting with Gowda, Puttannaiah and other farmer representatives. They assured them that the water release will be stopped after Monday midnight after fulfilling the court's directive.Karnataka still cannot heave a sigh of relief as the union government is likely to submit a report to SC on Monday on the recent decision taken by Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) directing Karnataka to release 12 tmcft of water to Tamil Nadu in December. Though chief minister Jagadish Shettar has asked PM to keep CMC decision in abeyance, the farmers in Cauvery belt are apprehensive that the apex court might direct the state to abide by the CMC's directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550037", "title": "RTO to spare mechanical meter taxis", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the RTO has directed 4,000 taxis that have failed to recalibrate e-meters to stay off roads from Saturday, it plans to go soft on drivers of nearly 9,000 other cabs fitted with the old mechanical meters.\"The transport department should put pressure on these drivers and ensure that they are among the first ones to get the meters recalibrated or replaced with new e-meters,\" said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. \"Instead, these drivers are being treated with kid gloves,\" he alleged.While, taxis with mechanical meters have been given a deadline of January 31 for recalibration and allowed to ply, those with e-meters have a deadline till December 15 and have been asked to stay off the roads.Regional transport officer M B Jadhav said, \"In case of mechanical meters, drivers have to replace them with the new e-meters. This process will take some time. Our target is taxis with e-meters.\"\"Our flying squads will conduct surprise checks from Monday and nab drivers plying without recalibrating e-meters,\" he said. Taxi union leader A L Quadros, \"The government has extended the deadline till December 15. We are certain that all the taxis will recalibrate their e-meters by then. Drivers should be allowed to ply and earn money.\"Jadhav said the RTO was firm on its decision and planned to fine Rs 600 for plying without recalibrated e-meters. But those with mechanical meters will be spared, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17552069", "title": "Campaign against genetically modified food products takes root", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as MNCs are trying to woo various state governments to allow them sell genetically modified (GM) food products and Punjab government also showing keen interest in this regard, volunteers of various organizations and public forums and members of different communities like students, lawyers, engineers and doctors came together on a common platform here on Sunday to raise their voice against GM foods.Starting their campaign by organizing a workshop at Panjab University on Sunday to highlight the ill effects of GM foods, the activists have targeted US-based food products firm Monsanto with a campaign named \"Monsanto - A threat to health, environment and human rights.\"\"GM foods are totally banned in many European countries as numerous scientific studies revealed that its intake could have severe ill effects on human health and environment. The greedy MNCs are now bringing this poisonous food to India. Monsanto controls majority of GM crops cultivated in the world and have managed to put a gag on farmers, who raise their voice,\" said Gaurav Goel, coordinator of Aawaaz, a city-based non-government organization.Last month, a senior representative of Monsanto had met chief minister of Punjab, urging him to allow GM foods in Punjab. The Punjab government has reportedly assured all help to Monsanto and have even asked the firm to set up a research and development centre in the state to produce high yielding hybrid seeds.\"We express serious concern and objection to Punjab government's move to ask Monsanto to set up a research and development centre. Monsanto is known for its anti-farmer and anti-environment operations across the world,\" said Dr Amar Singh Azad, director of an organization working to spread knowledge about the ill effects of GM foods across the country.The anti-GM foods volunteers started their campaign on Sunday and would cover whole Punjab in the next one month. They use live demonstrations, seminars and protest marches to convey their message.Despite repeated attempts, Monsanto officials refrained from commenting on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550695", "title": "CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea to put off all-party meeting angers Telanagana leaders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's plea to the Congress high command to postpone the all-party meeting on Telanagana, slated for December 28, stating that it would clash with the World Telugu Conference being held at Tirupati between Dec 27 and Dec 29, greeted with howls of protest from Telangana leaders. Senior Congress leaders including panchayat raj minister Jana Reddy on Sunday said the meeting should not be postponed at any cost and warned the CM against playing politics with the issue.\"Postponement of the all-party meeting will send a wrong signal and put the Congress in an awkward position in Telangana. We request the CM not to press for the postponement and, at the same time, we demand that the Union home minister stick to the schedule,\" said Jana Reddy.An incensed G Vivekananda, Congress MP from Peddapalli, went to the extent of warning the CM against playing politics with the issue. \"Why is the CM seeking its postponement when only one representative from each party is required to attend the meeting? After all he need not have to go to the meeting. Let him take part in the Telugu conference and send a representative,\" Vivek said.At an informal meeting here on Sunday, they are understood to have discussed the issue and explored the option of quitting the party to form their own front. \"Telangana leaders thought of finding their own way to realise the dream of a separate state before the Centre assured of positive steps and called for the all-party meeting on December 28. Let us wait till December 28. Depending on its outcome, we will take a further call,\" said K Keshava Rao, a senior Congress leader.He said the Centre must move a bill on Telangana in the ongoing session of Parliament if at all it was sincere. \"Moving the bill in the Parliament is more important than convening an all-party meeting. Let them move the bill, or at least state clearly it's not willing to form a separate Telanagana state. Then you will see the consequence,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550329", "title": "Vikalp financial scam case transferred to economic offences wing", "text": "NASHIK: The alleged financial scam involving Vikalp Trade Solutions has been shifted to the economic offences wing ( EOW) of the city police for further investigations. Senior cops said the investigation would be more focussed.Main accused Mayank Dhruv has been remanded in police custody till Monday. He was sent to judicial custody after his police custody ended on December 3. However, on December 5 a second offence was registered against him following which his police custody was sought, said investigating officer senior police inspector Suresh Sapkale of Sarkarwada Police Station.Meanwhile, his wife Smita Dhruv, who is also accused in the case, has been sent to judicial custody earlier. The other accused in the case Sanjay Bhalerao, Vijay Nikam, Yogesh Khairnar and Santosh Aher are still at large.On November 19, a complaint was lodged against the six accused with the Sarkarwada police station, wherein the complainant Vimal Modak had alleged that the accused had duped her for Rs 20 lakh through their fake financial scheme.Subsequently, a few more investors had rushed to the Sarkarwada Police station to testify the fraud, after which the police deduced that the fraud could be to the tune of Rs 1.50 crore to Rs 1.75 crore.Smita Dhruv was arrested from Mumbai on November 22 and after her police custody, she was sent to judicial custody on November 26. Meanwhile, Mayank Dhruv was arrested on November 27. A second offence was lodged against Sanjay Bhalerao, Mayank Dhruv, Vijay Nikam, Santosh Aher, Yogesh Khairnar and a lady named Manisha with the Sarkarwada police station by one Satishchandra Suri of Dream Citi who alleged that he was cheated by the accused to the tune of Rs 40 lakh.Acting on the complaint, the Sarkarwada Police sought police custody of Mayank Dhruv.The Sarkarwada police have also visited the offices of Vikalp Trade Solutions at Dadar and Borivali in Mumbai and confiscated some documents. Police officials said that the fraud had earlier came to fore in Dadar Mumbai.While the police have managed to trace the two accused, the other accused are still at large. Two of the accused - Sanjay Bhalerao and Santosh Aher are former cops who have taken voluntary retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553681", "title": "How to win Nobel: Laureate tells students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Recipient of the Nobel Prize for research work on Hall Effect in Physics in 1985, K Klitzing of Germany expressed concern about Indians not featuring in the league of Noble Laureates for a long time. He said Indians were capable and intelligent to win the coveted prize but few and far between.Addressing 1,700 participants on the second day of the Science Conclave organised by the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) here on Sunday, he reasoned it was probably because of Indian's tendency to believe too much in astrology. He said, \"Astrology has nothing to do with science\".But, he highlighted an article in an Indian newspaper by David Pendlebury, a bibliometrics analysis consultant with Thomson Reuters and a leading predictor of the Nobel awards, believing that the country's track record in scientific research, particularly in the physical sciences, indicates that an Indian scientist may win the prize within the next decade. This article motivated the budding students present on the venue to a great extent and they were found motivated and charged by their humungous response.He started his session with details of his experience in Germany and throughout the world locating on map through pictures. He was happy with the presence of bright students across the globe and talked about how the Nobel Prize originated from an unexpected discovery. Talking about his personal life he said he was born in Poland, studied in Wurzburg University. After spending 11years in Wurzburg, he moved to Munich in the footsteps of another Nobel Laureate from Germany, Roentgen and ended up winning the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1985. He said students should follow in the footsteps of other winners if they were looking for a Nobel Prize, but on a serious note he advised young and budding scientists to travel across the globe if they were really keen on achieving something as great as Nobel in future.He shared with the students his achievements and showed his Nobel Prize coin, original research papers, and photograph of his achievements. He also showed a picture showing the moment of his discovery in laboratory and termed his lab as a monument. He shared the secret of his discovery that led him to the Nobel through a photograph in which there was a device called 'silicon field transistor' located at the entrance hall of Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research.Since 1901, 106 Nobel Prizes for Physics have been awarded and he has bagged one.Later, speaking at the first session, M Narlekar from University of Mumbai and Pune, Department of Mathematics started the presentation with a very interesting concept of 'Math Coloring Problem'. In this colour scheme all countries in the world are imagined to share a common boundary, with no disjoint countries. In short, the basic condition for this coloring scheme is 'if the neighboring countries have common boundary of positive measure they can't have the same color'. She explained different colouring problems on screen and detailed them with proof. She derived her proof through different theorems.Prof Syed Hasnain from Indian Institute of Technology-Delhi and former Vice-Chancellor of University of Hyderabad said, \"Biology will dominate not only this century but early half of the next century too.\" He talked about DNA and explained how it was the basis for unifying life. He talked about the applications of DNA and its relation to RNA and Protein.Afternoon session was started with the promotion of 'INSPIRE' which stands for 'Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired research' programme to encourage young minds for future research in science and technology. Students were initiated into the needs and details of the 'Inspire Internship and Inspire Award' scheme.The session progressed further with interaction of students with the Nobel Laureates R FCurl, professor of Chemistry at RICE university , eminent scientist Douglas G Currie who graduated from CARNELL University and is pursuing research in 'lunar laser ranging refrectrometer', H C Joshi, professor in Department of Cell Biology in EMORY university , School of Medicine, Atlanta and two Russian geo-physicists Alexey Lobanos and Elene Pavlymkova.Starting with basic questions, the discussion covered all fields of science like the Big Bang theory , evolution of life, fullerenes and its use in prevention of cancer , comets, etc. Young students, teachers and research scholars from across the globe participated in the discussion.Students evince keen interest in science conclave", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "cairo, november 28, 2012. the 35th edition of the cairo international film festival (ciff) got underway at the newly spruced up opera complex. last year the festival was cancelled since egypt was still in the aftermath of the arab spring. as the fiapf accreditation was in jeopardy, the ministry of culture swung into action and in less than 100 days, it revived the festival that celebrated \"positive thinking", "code": "17551227", "title": "Cairo toasts freedom after Arab Spring", "text": "Cairo, November 28, 2012. The 35th edition of the Cairo International Film Festival (CIFF) got underway at the newly spruced up Opera complex. Last year the festival was cancelled since Egypt was still in the aftermath of the Arab Spring. As the FIAPF accreditation was in jeopardy, the ministry of culture swung into action and in less than 100 days, it revived the festival that celebrated \"Positive Thinking: Revolution and Freedom.\"However, the second round of protests on Tahrir Square cast its shadow and the inauguration had to be put back by a day. When the curtain went up on the near-impossible festival, the minister broke into tears. CIFF, that concluded on Thursday, was a victory of culture, and cinema, and freedom of expression, and of human rights.Today, when the world celebrates the Human Rights Day, it seems uncanny that the festival had a competitive section where 16 films, no less, vied for the Tahrir Square Prize for best film promoting human rights values which eventually went to Polish director Wojciech Smarzowski for Rose.It told the story of Rose, widow of a German soldier whose husband was killed in WWII. Rose was a native of Masuria, a small region that was once part of Germany and then - after the war - became part of Poland. Rose finds herself at the wrong end of 'popular' justice: initially she's treated as an outcast by Germans, then she's hated as Germans by the Poles, and finally the Russians rape her and overrun her property. A moving testimony of how wars subject the weakest citizens to the worst crimes against humanity.Films in this section included Khoja (Azerbaijan), against the background of genocide wrought by Armenians in Karabakh some 20 years ago. White Tiger (Russia), seen at KFF, used the metaphor of a mysterious war tank to hint that war is always round the corner. Where the Fire Burns (Turkey) told the moving story of a father trying to kill his unwed pregnant daughter, only to lament the loss when the daughter takes her own life. Bol (Pakistan) had three daughters constrained by conflicting sets of values of the father. Love between Jews and Muslims, corruption in Palestine, elderly lives in China (Full Circle), problems in the African continent (The Italian Consul), Israeli ships stranded on an island during the Arab Spring (Unknown Land), films from Greece, Canada, and yes - one Indian entry, Drapchi.Arvind Iyer's film had premiered in Osian 2012 before being screened at Indisches festival at Stuttgart and the 28th Warsaw festival. Set in Tibet and Nepal, it was also filmed in Ladakh and Kashmir, amid heavy military presence, using guerrilla tactics. Based on a true story, Drapchi revolves around a Tibetan singer, Yiga, who's abducted and held captive in the Drapchi prison of Lhasa, for \"singing songs of freedom and oppression.\" After two years of mental abuse, lack of food and starved of water, she escaped to reach India and then Europe - where she sings the songs that caused her the trial.Drapchi, a military garrison, was transformed onto a prison in 1959. Reportedly, of the 1000 or so inmates, 600 are political prisoners even when they are monks or nuns. Today it has become a metaphor for illegal detention and unlawful persecution. The human rights jury was chaired by Ghada Shahbender while Bollywood director Madhur Bhandarkar , the sole Indian, was in the international Jury chaired by Marko Mueller, former director of Venice Film Festival. The Arab Competition jury was headed by Mahmoud Abdel Aziz.Kolkatans would be happy to know that Rituparno Ghosh's Chitrangada was the only non-Bollywood entry at CIFF which had India as its focus in 2009. The other four Indian entries in the World Cinema section were Pan Singh Tomar by Timangshu Dhulia, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara by Zoya Akhtar , Agneepath by Karan Johar and Teri Meri Kahaani by Kunal Kohli. Unfortunately, the films did not care to publicize their presence in the festival which, in any case, saw reduced attendance by locals who were in the throes of rapid developments that have gone from President Morsi granting himself extraordinary powers, to passing a Draft Constitution that would be put to referendum on Saturday, and now, perhaps to military rule.It's time indeed to remind the world of Everyman's Human Rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555465", "title": "Ranbir, Shahid, Imran get rustic", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor, Shahid Kapoor and Imran Khan are going rustic in their roles to appeal to both the single screen and multiplex audiences.After the Khan trio, it is these three youngsters - Ranbir Kapoor, Shahid Kapoor and Imran Khan - that are emerging as crowd puller among the multiplex audience. What they need is mass appeal. And with the collective line up that they are putting up, it looks like there is a plan.The three Khans Salman, Aamir and Shahrukh have been ruling the roost for two decades and are still the high ranking guys at the box office, as they appeal to multiplex as well as single screen audience. Now, Ranbir Kapoor, Shahid Kapoor and Imran Khan are following in their footsteps to woo both - multiplex and single screen audiences.Ranbir is doing Besharam with Abhinav Kashyap of Dabangg fame, Shahid has chosen Prabhudheva's Namak and Rajkumar Santoshi's Phata Poster Nikla Hero and Imran, the poster boy of urban cinema, has moved into unfamiliar territory with his choice of Vishal Bharadwaj's Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola and Milan Luthria's Once Upon a Time in Mumbai Again .All three are moving towards more earthy and grounded characters that will have a mass appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551157", "title": "Empowerment comes via education", "text": "Noted Kannada writer and social activist Banu Mushtaq grew up in an atmosphere where Muslim girls attending schools other than the Urdu schools was vehemently opposed. A fighter all along, Banu strongly feels that education is the only way out for women for realization of their rights.Recently there have been incidents of girls insisting on wearing headscarf or burqa to college. Are Muslim women still reluctant to break barriers?It is not about women being reluctant or not. It is about what makes them still wear burqa. I grew up at a time when female education was considered against Islamic teachings. A lot of change has taken place since and permission is being granted to girls to attend school and college. However, it is only a conditional permission. There are parents sending their daughters to college only after confirming that they would be allowed to wear the burqa. Hence, the debate of the hour is not about what Muslim girls are wearing, it's about how to empower them. Empowerment comes only through education. Hence, women should be allowed to wear burqa in college premises if they want so. But not in the classroom, because that will come in the way of communication between the teacher and student.Being a Muslim you wrote in Kannada. Do you feel you have had the freedom to express yourself?While I had to face the ire of the people of my own community, the society at large has recognized and appreciated my writings. In fact, it is a privilege to be a writer in India. Also, it's a matter of pride to be an Indian Muslim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag ", "code": "17554445", "title": "20 tonnes of coal seized from Hazaribag villages", "text": "HAZARIBAG : Charhi and Barkagaon police with the help of Charhi forest officials seized over 20 tonnes of coal after conducting raids against illegal mining and smuggling of coal in several villages.During the raids conducted in Jordag, Chipri, Harli and adjoining villages on Saturday, police found more than 20 tonnes of steam coal which are generally used by the brick manufacturers in kilns. The stock was brought to the Barkagaon police station. \"On the basis of investigation, Rameshwar Mahto of village Chapri and Daulat Mahto of Harli were arrested and cases were registered against them,\" said officer in charge of Barkagaon police station Devendra Bhagat. Police produced the arrested persons before the chief judicial magistrate on Sunday who sent them to judicial custody.\"The raids are still on in several villages,\" Bhagat said. To prevent the entry of coal smugglers in deep forests, foresters have dug trenches so that no vehicle can enter the forest for ferrying the illegally mined coal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17554225", "title": "Chill forces schools to alter timings", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In the wake of minimum temperature staying around 10 degrees Celsius for the past three days, English medium schools here have changed the timing from December 10.Earlier, a few institutions had altered the timing but others announced the decision on Saturday to commence classes 30 minutes beyond the current schedule. Now, both junior and senior classes will begin at 8am instead of 7.30am. While nursery to primary classes will end at 12.30pm, those for the senior will end at 2pm.\"The falling temperature has driven us to change the school timing to keep the children away from the biting cold,\" said St Mary's English School principal Fr. David Vincent .Loyola School, Carmel Junior College, Sacred Heart Convent School, DBMS English School, Beldih Church School, Jamshedpur Public School are among the prominent schools, which have changed the school timing.\"The temperature is likely to stay around 9 and 10 degrees Celsius for the next couple of days,\" said an official at the Met office.There's no timeframe, however, for the withdrawal of the revised schedule. \"Depending on the weather condition, we will take further decision (to change the revised timing) but probably till the first week of February, the new schedule will be in force,\" said a principal of a school.Parents, who were expecting the schools to announce a revised schedule, have welcomed the decision. \"The mercury will dip further in the second and third week of December, so we were expecting the schools to resume classes from 8.30am,\" said 42-year-old Kadma resident Birender Singh whose nine-year-old son studies at Loyola School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17552133", "title": "Man burnt to death by wife, mother-in-law", "text": "TRICHY: A 29-year-old man was set on fire by his wife and mother-in-law over a family dispute in Edamalaipattipudhur in Trichy on Saturday. Police have arrested the two women and lodged them in the Central Prison.Police said, the deceased has been identified as Vinayagamoorthy from Ramji Nagar. He was immolated by his wife, Vembarasi (20) and her mother Malliga (34) on Saturday night. Initially, police believed it to be a suicide. However, Vinayagamoorthy's statement to the magistrate at the hospital revealed that his wife and her mother had committed the crime.Police said, the couple was married for over one-and-a half years. However, within a short period of time, disputes arose between them and Vembarasi left her husband's home to stay at her maternal home. Despite many attempts, Vinayagamoorthy could not convince Vembarasi to return home. On Saturday night, he went with his relatives to speak to her. Arguments arose between the couple. As the quarrel continued, Malliga poured kerosene on Vinayagamoorthy and Vembarasi set him ablaze.His relatives rushed him to the Mahatma Gandhi memorial government hospital but he succumbed to the burn injuries. Based on his statement to the magistrate, the police arrested Vembarasi and Malliga. The duo has been lodged in Trichy Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17552111", "title": "Encroachments in front of Srirangam temple removed", "text": "TRICHY: In an effort to ensure congestion-free traffic in front of the Srirangam Ranganathaswamy temple in Trichy, officials from the state highways department carried out an eviction drive to remove encroachments.The highways department officials commenced the eviction drive in front of the Rajagopuram of the temple at 10.30 am after giving a short period to the shops to voluntarily remove their things. In the eviction, they removed the small structures put up in front of the shops that caused hindrance to traffic movement. As a highlight, the compound wall of a building where the Srirangam police station functions in front of the Rajagopuram was also constructed on the encroached land. But the compound wall was not demolished in today's eviction drive. The highway officials informed the police officials concerned about the encroachment and to remove it at the earliest. Moreover, the temporary shops occupying the three mandapams (halls) in front of the Rajagopuram were evicted.The removal of encroachments at a distance of nearly 170 metres from the mandapams to the Srirangam bus stop is the need of the hour as it causes hindrance to the movement of vehicles. The width of the road has also shrunk in the course of time. With the eviction drive, more than eight meters width of encroached road can be recovered.A highways department officer said a proposal was pending for approval from the collector to lay a cement road for the 170-metre distance from the mandapam to the bus stop and to put a centre median in the area to provide congestion-free traffic. The removal of the encroachments is believed to reduce congestion during 'Vaikunta Ekadasi' festival that is scheduled to be celebrated from December 13, 2012, to January 3, 2013, in the Srirangam temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554949", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak audio to release on Dec 16", "text": "The audio release of Ram Charan-starrer Nayak will be held on December 16 at Ramanaidu Cine Village, Nanakramaguda. This time around, the makers have changed both the date and the venue of the event and it looks like the date has been locked. Nayak, which has recently wrapped up the Kolkata schedule, is currently being shot in Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.For the first time, Charan will be seen in a dual role in this film, which has Kajal Agarwal as the first female lead. Yesteryear super hit number 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Kondaveeti Donga is being remixed in this film and the song was shot on Ram Charan and Amala Paul in Iceland.Thaman is composing the music, Chota K Naidu is the cinematographer and Akula Shiva is providing the story. Nayak is gearing for release on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur ", "code": "17551806", "title": "Chandrapur faces threat of groundwater pollution", "text": "CHANDRAPUR : Chandrapur, already infamous for air pollution, is now faced with the serious threat of pollution from below the grounds. The latest report of Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) has revealed alarming rise in nitrates level in the underground water in the district.According to the GSDA report for groundwater analysis for 2011-12, almost 60% of tested samples of groundwater in district have been found positive for alarmingly high content of nitrates. The department had collected a total of 6,339 water samples from all 15 tehsils. Of these, 5,904 samples were tested for nitrate, fluoride, chloride, iron and TDS contents in its laboratory and as many as 3,510 samples were found positive for alarmingly high nitrate contents.\"Natural content of nitrates in groundwater should be 10 - 20mg per litre. America and Europe have standards of 10 mg/lit for nitrate content in water, while India holds safety standards of 45 mg/ lit for nitrates. However, the latest GSDA report states that majority of tested water sample have nitrate content between 200 mg and 300 mg per litre,\" said president of NGO Green Planet Society, Suresh Chopne.He claimed that at places like Yerkheda in Warora tehsil, nitrate content is as high as 1,218 mg/lit, while at Khadsangi, nitrate content in groundwater is at alarming level of 1,092 and 1,008 mg/ lit. As many as 660 samples from Chandrapur tehsil have been tested positive for high contamination of nitrates in the report. Other tehsils with high nitrate contamination are Nagbhid, Rajura, Korpana, Warora, Bhadrawati, Bramhapuri and Gondpipri, he said.\"High industrialization in Chandrapur has led to higher emission of nitrogen in the air from coal burned in furnaces. Atmospheric nitrogen reacts with water vapour and falls in the form of acid rains on the ground adding nitrates to the underground water,\" Chopne said. Other major source of nitrate contamination is high use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides rich with nitrates.Human and animal faeces flushed into rivers and nullahs without processing also adds nitrates in the groundwater, he claimed.\"Intake of nitrate contaminated water leads to 'Blue Baby Syndrome' in infants aged less than six months. This ailment decreases the oxygen carrying capacity of blood vessels leading to infant death. High nitrate contents in drinking water could also lead to deformities in unborn babies and diseases like dermatitis, gastric and intestine cancer, kidney ailment and other skin diseases,\" Chopne warned.Chopne has filed a complaint in this regard with the Central Pollution Control Board, chief minister, health minister, environment minister, local MLAs, collector, ZP CEO, district health officer and regional office of MPCB. He has urged the government and administration to take immediate steps to curb the nitrate pollution in groundwater and ensure supply of clean drinking water free of pollutants to the citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17551314", "title": "Population in 25 border villages decreases", "text": "JAISALMER: In contrast to the population explosion trend of the last two decades, the population in 25 villages adjoining the Pakistan border in Jaisalmer district has decreased.The union home ministry has taken note of the declining population in these villages and expressing confusion over it, the census department has asked for the report of the complete case from the district collector. At present, district collector Shuchi Tyagi has issued instructions to officers to find out the reasons of decrease in population in the concerned villages tehsil-wise.Administrative sources said that on analyzing the data of census 2011, home ministry took note of the decrease in population of these border villages as compared to census 2001. However, in the entire district, the population has shot up by 32% as compared to 2001.The local administration has started looking for reasons of declining population in the border villages.The population in Longewala has declined to 188 from 569, in Kishangarh the population has come down to 405 from 621, in Gamnewala from 167 to 154, in Kabirbasti, it has come to 506 from 524, in Balana from 111 to 4, in Rampura it has come down to 48 from 107, in Karda it is reduced to 54 from 151 and in Dhanana it is 467 as compared to 934 in 2001.Similarly, the population has declined in Aasu ka tala, Telwa, Jalria, Murar, Chauhani, Gunjangarh, Mithdau, Malasar, Raichandwala, Karnewala, Khetolai, Chitroti, Ranjeetpura, Malusar, Bahla, Ola and Sodat.Jaisalmer district collector Shuchi Tyagi said that there could be a possibility that incorrect statistics were sent during the survey which lead to the wrong figure being printed, as so investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554388", "title": "Medical colleges plan massive tree plantation drive", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Medical colleges in the state seem to be bitten by the green bug. College authorities of SCB and VSS medical colleges in Cuttack and Burla are planning to paint the campus green by embarking on a massive tree planting drive on the college premises.The Burla medical college in Sambalpur district, one of the premier colleges and hospitals in the state, is the most sought after by patients from 10 western Odisha districts with nearly 2000 people visiting the hospital every day. However, the college was yet to have a good green cover. \"In order to make the campus look green, we have sought the help of State Bank of India (SBI), which will provide us saplings, to be planted in vacant space on the campus. Initially, there were a few trees but as the campus was gradually extended the trees were uprooted,\" said Santosh Behera, principal, VSS Medical College.The college staff, along with first year students, will be engaged in the plantation drive, Behera said. \"We are planning to plant around 500 trees. We will also seek the help of the forest department for maintenance of the trees,\" said the principal. Students are showing great enthusiasm for the plantation drive, he added.SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack has similar plans. \"We are planning a massive plantation on the college campus, not only for beautification, but also to ensure an oxygenated environment for patients,\" said Prakash Mahapatra, principal of the medical college. \"There are already many trees on both sides of the road leading to the college campus. However, there are still many vacant spaces, which have been identified for plantation. We have asked the Cuttack Municipal Corporation ( CMC) and the forest department to supply us with saplings of trees and also to help in the plantation,\" said the principal.SCB students have been asked to devote time for planting trees as well as maintaining them subsequently. \"This year, our main motto will be to keep the campus environment-friendly by planting fast growing trees in front of a few departments, which have no trees at all. In the drive, the students of a particular department, as well as the faculty members, will be involved,\" said the principal. Deemed as the best government referral hospital in the state, SCB witnesses a rush of about 3000 patients an any given day, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555777", "title": "Preparation is on for Christmas", "text": "MYSORE: The traditional cake-mixing ceremony, considered as the preface to Christmas, was organized at Hotel Regaalis recently. The event spearheaded by executive chef Aga Thamar along with hotel executives brought in the spirit of an early Christmas.An interesting array of black currant, orange peel, walnut, almonds, pistachio, cashew nut, and figs was poured into trays along with a variety of liquors. \"This will be stored until December 15 to prepare 100kg of Christmas cake for sale,\" said Inder Dhawan, vice-president and general ganager of Hotel Regaalis.According to him, Christmas is no fun without the traditional Christmas cake. Making such a big cake is not an easy task. The preparation begins well in advance. The first step is mixing, and it is believed to be a forerunner of good things and happiness.He said the ceremony dates back to 17th century in Europe. Cake-mixing ceremony marked the arrival of the harvest season. During this time, lots of fruits and nuts were harvested and prepared to go into the making of the traditional plum cake. This was saved till the next harvest, with the hope that it would bring yet another fruitful year. The sugar content of the liquor and fruit juices help preserve the ingredients. Also, for the cold Christmassy weather, the plum cake is a perfect energy food. England loved this fruit cake so much, that no tea was complete without a slice of the rich cake.Suma Roy, the hotel's sales and marketing manager, said they will also organize a special Christmas eve dinner on December 14 at La Gardenia along with a carol-singing event, and a gala lunch on December 25 for Mysoreans at their Palm Spring lawn. The menu will comprise specially imported American turkey, German-style smoked ham, leg of lamb braised with rum, Bavarian meat loaf, paprika salami and other Christmas delicacy like Yule log cake and plum cake along with beverages. \"A special Christmas band will also play on the special day,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "how many of us have the courage to follow our passion instead of opting for the safe route of taking up a regular job? through this new column, we will share extraordinary stories of ordinary people who turned their passion into a profession. women on wanderlust or wow took shape on top of one of the world's highest motorable road. in the summer of 2005, sumitra senapaty (then) 47, flagged off her first all-women's travel troupe to leh. \"i was thinking aloud and the ladies heard me say the name. in response i heard them say", "code": "17552230", "title": "Secrets of the sisterhood", "text": "How many of us have the courage to follow our passion instead of opting for the safe route of taking up a regular job? Through this new column, we will share extraordinary stories of ordinary people who turned their passion into a profession. Women on Wanderlust or WoW took shape on top of one of the world's highest motorable road. In the summer of 2005, Sumitra Senapaty (then) 47, flagged off her first all-women's travel troupe to Leh. \"I was thinking aloud and the ladies heard me say the name. In response I heard them say: Oh, WOW! And that's how the WoW Club came to be.\" The word 'club' was added by her husband. \"He understood that I wasn't looking to start a travel agency, but something far better for women... a firstof-its kind travel platform for like-minded women to travel together.\"At 47, a woman just doesn't wake up one day to become a travel entrepreneur. She plans out her destiny - slowly but surely. \"I was a travel and food journalist for almost 10 years.\" She must be then armed with a tourism and journalism degree? \"No! As a child I travelled across much of rural and urban India with my father and that was my first indoctrination into the cultural diversity that exists in our country. I studied hotel management and was bored with the industry. I moved to a media house and was soon sent to South Korea on an assignment and that's how I embarked onto international travel journalism.\"Once bitten by the wanderlust bug, Senapaty continued her travels and wrote about them. \"I often heard women tell me how lucky I was because I travelled all over the world. I could see beyond the envy and knew something deeper existed in those words. I also knew I was equipped enough to arrange travel for more people. I got the idea to form an all-women travel group, so that solo women travellers could enjoy the safety and security that group travel provides. It challenged the societal perception that women could not venture out on their own.\" How is she different from other tour operators? Well, for one she is a woman and knows what exactly other women want and expect . \"They want an honest and transparent plan laid out. Besides, I have the knowledge of destination , and of how to manage the other component of running a travel outfit. Women distrust travel operators/agencies as they run a highly commercialised business. We are definitely not a travel agency, we are a close sisterhood.\" The Wanderers, as they are known, come in from all parts of India and from all walks of life; NRI women fly in directly to the WoW destinations.What is her advice for women wanting to start a travel company? \"Firstly, have the patience to interact with people or customers, perseverance to maintain relationships with operators and infrastructure providers, and finally be prepared for all the grey areas that show up during the travels - mostly learn to identify them in advance.\" What are the challenges that come with running WoW? \"I am my own biggest challenge. I have set the bar rather high, the challenge for me is to be consistent and keep my travellers satisfied.\"What is your future vision? \"I want to be able to achieve 100 group tours annually for women. I have an idea of women of different nationalities travelling together . I also want to be able to do something for the less privileged women of India. Support a rural women's group, gather clothes and toys for their children , do a benefit annual dinner, however small the effort , it has to start some day and soon.\"WoW Club, according to Senapaty, continues to maintain a low profile. \"It is a conscious decision to stay away from the travel trade, because we do things differently, and don't want anybody to know of our existence other than women. Has WoW won any travel awards? \"Our awards come to us almost everyday in the form of appreciation that we get from all the women who travel with us,\" she sums up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555067", "title": "Celebs who shed excessive weight for film roles", "text": "Sure, celebs are always on some diet or the other, but when it comes to certain films, they go all out to live their characters -- even if they have to reduce themselves to skin and bone to look the part.Actor: Anne Hathaway Film: Les Miserables She may have had to get an all-new bod to get into the famed Catwoman suit for The Dark Knight Rises , but Anne Hathaway had to look \"near death\" for her next onscreen outing in Les Miserables . It is said that she lost 25 pounds for the film and was consuming less than 500 calories a day to achieve rapid weight loss. It is also said that Hathaway dropped 10 pounds by undergoing a strict cleanse before filming began, and lost the remaining 15 pounds by eating just two thin squares of dried oatmeal paste a day.Actor: Matthew McConaughey Film: The Dallas Buyer's Club He's known for parading around shirtless and flaunting his buff bod, but Matthew McConaughey has also undergone a dramatic physical transformation to play a man diagnosed with HIV/AIDS in 1986. The actor is said to have lost 38 pounds to play the role. He attributes his weight loss to \"doing cardio\" and watching what he eats -- \"90 per cent\" of it.Actor: Christian Bale Film: The Fighter and The Machinist Christian Bale is known to yo-yo as far as his weight is concerned. His first dramatic weight loss was seen for the 2004 film The Machinist , for which he went from 173 pounds to about 110 pounds to play an insomniac. His diet consisted of one can of tuna and an apple per day. Later, for the 2010 film The Fighter in which he played drug addict Dicky Eklund, Bale dropped the weight and muscle he gained while playing Batman to look emaciated, but it was nowhere near the 63-pound weight loss he underwent for The Machinist.Actor: Matt Damon Film: Courage Under Fire Before he won an Oscar for Good Will Hunting , Matt Damon starred in the war drama Courage Under Fire in which he played a heroin addict. He lost 40 pounds in four months to play the role by running 12 miles a day and eating only chicken, egg whites, steamed broccoli and plain potatoes. However, in hindsight, Damon said the weight-loss regime was excessive. \"I was getting dizzy spells and hot flashes,\" he said. It is said that he also suffered from adrenal-gland problems as a result of his dieting, and doctors said he was fortunate his heart didn't shrink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17550918", "title": "Case against dad for fake gold gift", "text": "KOCHI: When it comes to the bridal trousseau most Malayali women would like to insist that what glitters is indeed gold. With the yellow metal's price hovering at Rs 23,000-plus for eight grams, a father gifted his daughter 'rolled' gold for her wedding - with predictable results.Fathima Hussain Haji (19), who discovered she had been conned almost 10 months after her wedding, approached Perinthalmanna police station in Malappuram district with a complaint against her father, E P Husain, a Gulf-based businessman. She alleged that of the 30 gold sovereigns given by her father at the time of her marriage, 22 were found to be rolled gold.\"A few months after my marriage, I realized that most of the sovereigns were not real gold. My husband asked me to ignore it, but I felt cheated and decided to approach the police,\" said Fathima, who got married on January 26, 2012.\"My father is a rich man and I want to ensure that he replaces the 22 sovereigns of 'fake' gold with real gold. I don't expect anything more from him,\" Fathima fumed.However, the police are yet to register a case. Circle inspector of Perinthalmanna police station, Jaleel Thottathil, said, \"We received a complaint from Fathima and called her father to the police station. As it was a matrimonial and civil dispute, we didn't register a case. Meanwhile, the local Jamaat members got involved and said that they would try to resolve the matter.\"Recently, Husain approached the Kerala high court complaining of harassment by Perinthalmanna police in the matter.However, the court disposed the petition after the government pleader submitted in court that Hussain was called to the police station after they received a complaint from his daughter. He also added that the police have not registered a crime.Meanwhile, Fathima claims that she is still waiting for her father to replace the fake gold with 22 carat gold. \"I hope the community members can help resolve the matter,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554339", "title": "Museum to be named after Pathani Samanta", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government plans to set up a museum in the name of noted astronomer Pathani Samanta at Khandapada in Nayagarh district, minister for science and technology Ramesh Chandra Majhi informed the assembly recently.At present, a planetarium in the name of Samanta Chandrasekhar, popularly known as Pathani Samanta, is located in Bhubaneswar. The planetarium aims to make people aware about astronomy, astrophysics and space science. It also aims to generate awareness among people regarding their environment.Replying to a written question in this regard in the assembly, the minister said the government has already introduced a new digital technology in the planetarium. Also, in a bid to attract students to study astronomy, the government has set up an astronomy park on the planetarium premises. The government is also organizing several events like seminars, debates, drawings and GK competitions in the name of the illustrious astronomer of Odisha.Majhi said the state government, as a part of its effort to attract students to study space technology, has introduced a summer course through the Orissa Space Applications Centre (Orsac). Besides, the government is also taking several steps to promote science and technology in the state, he said.According to the minister, the construction work of a biotech park at Andharua on the outskirts of the city is on in full swing. Odisha Bigya Akademi is organizing a series of events and also publishes a magazine to kindle the scientific spirit among students, the minister said.Majhi said the government has also got a proposal to set up a GIS laboratory through Orsac through a geographic information system. Similarly, steps are being taken to set up a DNA or gene bank at Utkal University, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552054", "title": "CM to meet Cong corporators on Nagpur issues today", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured to hold a meeting with corporators for discussion on various issues related to the city on Monday. Chavan's immediate response is seen as consistent follow-up taken by AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar towards issues related to the city.Corporators and Congress leaders under the leadership of leader of opposition at the NMC Vikas Thakre and South Nagpur MLA Dinanath Padole met Chavan on Sunday evening and requested his attention towards the city's problems. Thakre told TOI that the CM was very serious about city's issues and assured to hold meeting at 5pm on Monday. \"Several issues like ownership rights to slum-dwellers, unauthorized layouts, JNNURM projects etc need attention and we hope to discuss them with the CM,\" he said.In April, Muttemwar had, through a letter, reminded Chavan about assurance given to Nagpur for making it an international-level city. Taking a dig at NMC and NIT, Muttemwar highlighted about delay in several developmental projects like Mihan, metro rail, tiger capital, modernization of GMCH and Mayo Hospital etc. The city MP also alleged that the developmental works were marred with massive corruption at NIT.Chavan took cognisance of the letter and asked for replies from the NMC and NIT in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17555744", "title": "Four students crushed to death", "text": "CHENNAI: Four students who were travelling on the foot board of an MTC bus were crushed to death when a lorry hit the bus at Kanthanchavadi on Monday morning.Three other students were injured in the incident. Police identified the deceased as Sekar (18), a B com first year student of Nandanam Arts College, Balamurugan, 14, a 10th student of Tsunami Nagar, Vijayan(16), a plus two student of Kannagi Nagar and Manoj kumar , a second year EEE student of CPT College. Yogesh, 14, a Class 9 student of Semmenchery, Manikandan, a Class 10 student and Parthiban, a DCT student of CPT College were injured in the accident.Police said the students were travelling on the foot board of bus no. 519 ( Thiruporur to T Nagar). When the bus reached Kanthanchavadi, a lorry driver who trying to negotiate a curve reversed his vehicle, hitting the MTC bus which was behind it.In the impact the students fell from the bus and came under the wheels of a lorry. The injured have been admitted to a private hospital. Police are questioning the lorry driver who transporting goods from Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553288", "title": "Ameesha takes uncles to court", "text": "The actress has filed a case in the Pune Civil Court, claiming rights to the Manali Apartments flat that belonged to her grandmotherAmeesha Patel, who had once slapped a legal notice on her father Amit Patel alleging mismanagement of her accounts has now dragged her uncles to court over a disputed property.Just back from her European holiday, she has filed a case in the Pune Civil Court, claiming rights to a flat at Manali Apartments on Prabhat Road in Pune. In an earlier interview with Mirror, Ameesha had referred to her late grandmother Sushila Patel (wife of famous lawyer-politician, Barrister Rajni Patel) as her benefactor while speaking about the same flat.On December 18, 2010, this newspaper had reported that Ameesha's uncle Nalin Rajni Patel had submitted an application to the Deccan Gymkhana police on November 25. In his application, he alleged his niece had 'sneaked into' the flat with a duplicate key and stolen some domestic articles jointly owned by his brother Sunil Rajni Patel and him.He said the actress chose to visit the flat when they were away in Nasik. At the time, Nalin had claimed the flat was in the name of their late mother Sushila Patel and she had executed a bonafide registered gift deed in Sunil and his name in 2007.In Ameesha's petition (Case No. 970/2011) before Judge Shri Tankhiwale, Ameesha has said her grandmother has bequeathed the property to her by will. Meanwhile, Nalin and Sunil have replied to Ameesha's petition, claiming their mother's signature on the will has been forged.Bhairav Kulkarni, one of the advocates defending Nalin and Sunil confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, we are respondents to a case filed by Bollywood actor Ameesha Patel, where she has claimed rights to the flat on Prabhat Road in Pune that comes under the Deccan Gymkhana police station. We have replied to her petition saying that the will she claims to have been signed by Shrimati Sushila Patel is fake and the signature there is forged.\"Kulkarni informed Mirror that the matter has been postponed for framing of issues before the judge to December 13. \"Ameesha's uncles are defendants in the case and they have produced certified evidence in court to prove their point. We are ready to fight the case also because the property belongs to a prominent icon of Mumbai,\" Kulkarni said.When contacted, Ameesha confirmed filing the case but didn't elaborate on the issue. \"I am sorry I cannot talk as it is sub-judice,\" she texted us back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556655", "title": "MNCs waiting for land acquisition: CMIA", "text": "AURANGABAD: The land acquisition process is set to gain momentum now with many multi-national companies lining up to set up base in Aurangabad along the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC).Regional officer of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation, Aurangabad, Annasaheb Shinde said that many industries were waiting for land acquisition process to be completed. \"The DMIC project will give a major industrial boost along with other benefits,\" he said.\"Aurangabad contributes about 80 per cent of the revenue in the region. Unfortunately, the amount spent on the infrastructure of the city is meagre. When people are looking at alternate destinations other than Pune, Mumbai and Thane, Aurangabad is the most favoured destination. Aurangabad is a tourist capital with international heritage sites, but it is sad that the administration is not serious about providing adequate facilities. Three years ago many MNCs had visited the city, but they did not come back,\" said industrialist Ulhas Gawli.Secretary of Chamber of Marathwada Industries Association Munish Sharma said, \"Many industries are sitting on the fence. Land availability is a major hurdle. A couple of years back a top company had planned to set up its white goods manufacturing unit in Aurangabad. But the agreement could not reach a final stage as the company failed to get land as per their choice.\"The company then shifted its entire airconditioned unit out of Aurangabad two years back. It would have generated employment for about 5000 people, he added.According to vice president CMIA Milind Kank, \"The company is interested to set their base in the city if they are allotted land as per their choice. The district administration should give it a thought. About four months ago a company from China had approached us for their small cars manufacturing unit but the development is still under wraps,\" he added.The DMIC is to be conceived as a Model Industrial Corridor of international standards with emphasis on expanding the manufacturing and services base and develop DMIC as the global manufacturing and trading hub.DMIC in Maharashtra covers Mumbai, Thane, Raigad, Nashik, Aurangabad, Ahmednagar, Pune, Dhule &amp; Nandurbar districts. Aurangabad is part of the DMIC early bird project which includes Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park and international convention centre and has been proposed over an area of 8,340 hectares. The project to be completed in three phases will see the opening of many industries with players from national and international market joining the league.\"When land acquisition process is a big challenge in any development process here MIDC has been successful in acquiring about 240 hectares of land, under Maharashtra Industrial Development Act from farmers in Shendra in one go. About 450 farmers gave their nod in a single day,\" said Shinde.Land acquisition of 555 hectares of land at Karmad has reached its final stage with the rate of Rs 23 lakh per acre. After completing the first phase the district administration has started the process of second phase. About 2,300 hectares of land will be acquired and for which the farmers were offered Rs 18 lakh per acre, said Shinde.\"The first meeting did not yield results. The second meet will be held on Monday,\" he said.According to sources, land acquisition in the second phase under the DMIC project is scheduled to be in five villages - Bidkin, Banni Tanda, Bangal Tanda, Nilajgaon and Nandalgaon. The district administration and the MIDC had held meetings with the farmers earlier. The farmers claimed that they should get more value for their land since their land is more fertile than the land in Karmad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553864", "title": "Matthew Morrison recording christmas album", "text": "Actor Matthew Morrison is working on a Christmas album, which is expected to get released next year around December.Morrison, 34, is best known for his role as Will Schuester in musical-comedy-drama \"Glee\" and has worked on more than four tracks for upcoming album.\"I play the ukulele so I've done this Hawaiian Christmas song called 'Mele kalikimaka' and then 'Let it snow', 'O holy night', 'I'll be home for Christmas' and others,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted Morrison as saying.\"It should be out for Christmas 2013,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550025", "title": "Policemen call in sick, officer cracks whip", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 3% of the state's police force in the state is on sick leave. Most of these policemen are not ill but apply for leave claiming to be sick because they are denied leave for personal reasons. Senior police officers deny leave because the department is hobbled by a severe shortage of staff.But this has not gone down well with senior police officers. Inspector-general of police (north zone) M Kannappan has instructed all the men under him to return to work if they are not sick.But lower-rung policemen like constables say they do not get weekly offs, even on weekends, and work under stressful conditions for months at a stretch without a day's break.The state police has a sanctioned strength of 1.13 lakh, but has only 91,000 personnel. As of Wednesday, December 5, at least 3,100 policemen, from constables to police officers of the rank of deputy superintendent of police, were on medical leave.More members of the force are on sick leave in Chennai than in any other city in Tamil Nadu. Around 640 policemen in the city have cited ill health to go on leave. Madurai, Coimbatore and Trichy follow Chennai at the top of the list of cities in the state with most policemen playing truant while claiming to be ill.IGP M Kannappan said he had scrutinised applications for sick leave before directing all police personnel in Chennai north zone to cancel their leave. \"Only those who have medical complications will be exempted,\" he said.A policeman is eligible to take 12 days of casual leave a year. Policemen who work continuously without leave for 21 days are eligible to take a day's leave, which in the department's nomenclature is 'earned leave'. Members of the force are also entitled to two days 'restricted holidays' a year, for religious festivals.Policemen are not off on weekends unlike staff in other government departments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who get 104 days more leave per year than members of the force. Policemen can take a total of 18 months off duty during their entire period of service.\"We have to maintain law and order but do not have enough staff for duty unless we work around the clock,\" said police head constable K Viswanathan. \"We do not get time to spend with our families or to even rest to relieve the stress.\"Constable Prahalad Ram says he was a committed policeman when he joined the force, but is now bored by the monotony of the job. \"I wanted a break and asked for leave to spend time with my family,\" he said. \"When my seniors refused, I paid Rs 50 for a medical certificate. I took leave for eight days and went to Coorg with my family.\"A senior human resource executive of a private company in Chennai said there are no fixed criteria for how much leave an individual is entitled to. \"But a company usually cannot have more than 5% of its employees on leave at the same time,\" he said.(Some names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "17551910", "title": "Sangram rally to join BJP's gherao of assembly", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Sangram rally of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) women's wing, led by its state president Neeta Kelkar, is inching towards the second capital of the state to join the party's proposed 'gherao' of the Vidhan Bhavan on December 11 during the winter session to protest skyrocketing prices of essential commodities, alleged cover up of the irrigation scam and the government's failure to protect women from atrocities.The rally, which was flagged off from Pune, reached Yavatmal on Saturday. Addressing a press conference on Sunday, Kelkar informed that over 50,000 women are expected to participate in the gherao. She said, \"We oppose the Central Government's decision to cap subsidy for LPG cylinders. At least 12 cylinders should be given to each consumer annually,\" said Kelkar adding that the state government should step down if it's not able to perform.Kelkar also criticized home minister RR Patil for growing atrocities on women in the state. \"I am saddened after hearing story of seven-year-old Kolam Adivasi girl Swapna Gopal Palaskar of village Choramba of Ghatanji tehsil of Yavatmal, who is missing since two months. I will visit the family today and take up the issue with Patil and demand action against the erring cops,\" said Kelkar. Swapna was allegedly kidnapped and sacrificed by a gang from village Murli Tanda of Ghatanji for a hidden treasure. Though the police arrested six accused, three of them were later released allegedly under political pressure.Regarding the proposed draft bill against eve teasing and atrocities on women, Kelkar said she has not gone through the content yet but assured that her party would support such bill to uphold the dignity of women in the state.Expressing concern over rampant chain-snatching incidents, Kelkar alleged that it is happening due to protection given by cops to the accused.Touching upon issues like corruption, water tariff hike, proposal to promote manufacture of wine from grapes and jowar, Kelkar said the government is keen to protect the interest of only the mighty sugar barons at the cost of poor cotton and soyabean cultivators from Vidarbha.Uma Kapare, Madhavi Naik, Vanita Kanade, Devayani Pharande, Rekha Kotekar and others attended the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551235", "title": "Outsiders foment trouble on Patna University campus", "text": "PATNA: Some unauthorized boarders of the Patna University (PU) hostels have turned the hostel rooms as dens of criminals. More than a dozen cases of group clash on the university campus, fomenting violence on hostel premises and illegal occupation of hostel rooms have been lodged with the Pirbahore police station by the PU administration and locals in recent days.Sources said many of the boarders who were not students are involved in antisocial activities. The PU hostels have witnessed two police raids within a week. The police seized huge amount of gunpowder, splinters and other objects used for making bombs along with sharp-edged weapons, lathis and hockey sticks.Despite heavy deployment of police for the last 10 days on the PU and hostel campuses, the boarders managed to stock the objectionable materials. Even after constant police vigil, bombs were found abandoned near the Jackson Hostel the other day, while many students claimed that throwing of bombs has become a regular affair on the campus.Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj said, \"The cops are in constant touch with the representatives of student organizations. We do not want to take such stern action that can affect their careers. The PUSU poll candidates have been asked not to violate the model code of conduct and to help the cops hold peaceful elections.\"However, some boarders of the Nutan Hostel claimed, \"Many of the boarders are not even students of any college, let alone of PU. They are simply outsiders and taking shelter in hostels with the help of some present students. These illegal occupants often create problems on the campus and the university elections are an ideal time for them to create trouble.\" A student said, \"This could be the ideal time for the university administration to flush out such occupants with the help of the police.\"The SSP said, \"Armed police force will be stationed at all polling stations to foil any untoward incident during the polling. Instructions have been issued to the police stations concerned to make preventive arrests to ensure free, fair and violence-free elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550895", "title": "Uma, Shahnawaz create buzz on Kumbh &amp; FDI", "text": "LUCKNOW: It could be a planned strategy, or a mere coincidence, but Bharatiya Janata Party on Sunday used its two leaders Uma Bharati and Shahnawaj Hussain - both symbols of polarization - to create some buzz in the state politics.As expected, while Uma appealed to the Hindu sentiments by raking up the issue of the Ganga's cleanliness during the Kumbh, the Hussain lambasted the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party for caring two hoots for the minorities' welfare by supporting the UPA government on FDI in retail.Later the Team Uma said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had assured the Charkhari MLA that arrangements are complete to ensure that seers and saints get clean water from the Ganga during the Kumbh, starting January 13. The former MP chief minister had a meeting with Akhilesh on Sunday evening to discuss the Kumbh preparation and also the issue of joining rivers like Betwa and Ken.Earlier, talking to mediapersons on Sunday afternoon, she said that effluent from leather and other industrial units between Naraura and Kanpur are poured into the Ganga.Efforts should be made by the state government to ensure that this was stopped, Uma demanded and added that no matter if the same is done on temporary basis for the Kumbh purpose. She said that the state government still has some time to ensure clean water reaches Allahabad and the state government should take help of the experts to ensure the distance from where the clean water should be released, the timing of the release and the quantity could be looked into.If need be, the state government should help from the Central government as crores of Hindu devout from all over the world would converge at Prayag during the Kumbh. \"If there was any need, she was also ready to accompany the chief minister to New Delhi for seeking help to ensure clean Ganga,\" Uma said.Before Uma, BJP's national spokesman Hussain took blasted the SP and BSP for standing by their own words. He said that BJP had put an X-ray machine in the form of notices under 184 in Lok Sabha and under rule 168 in Rajya Sabha to know was there any difference between the words of SP and BSP and the action. Both are now exposed as they said something else but directly or indirectly supported the UPA II on FDI in retail.Hitting out at SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Shahnawaj said that it was a common excuse of his party on such occasions of keeping communal forces at bay, however, the party should have understood that FDI in retail would also be responsible for the loss of jobs for minorities, who are in small trades in large number -- from selling vegetables to other items.\"It was beyond my comprehension that on one hand, the SP chief had courted arrest at Jantar Mantar and took part in Bharat Bandh in protest against FDI, on the other hand, he staged walkout from both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha on the issue to indirectly help the government,\" Hussain said.\"Even stranger was the U-turn by Mayawati , whose party -- BSP -- had staged a walkout in the Lok Sabha on the issue when it came to voting to reject FDI in retail while in Rajya Sabha it voted in favour,\" Shahnawaj said and added that what happened in just one day on the issue was beyond anyone's understanding.He said that SP and BSP were the puppets in the hands of the Congress and would move as and when Congress pulled the string to serve its vested interest.He, however, reiterated that FDI in retail would not be implemented even if the UPA II has been able to get it cleared in the House primarily for the fact that 14 parties have spoken against FDI in retail on the floor of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17551797", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTraffic robocops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to guide driverless cars", "text": "WASHINGTON: Engineers have developed a new robotic 'traffic cop' to help automated driverless cars in future to cruise through intersections faster with more safety.Researchers said because such smart intersections would minimize human error, they would be safer than intersections are now.Intelligent crossroads would also save every car an average of 35 seconds of wait time per stoplight, the Discovery News reported.Hesham Rakha, a Virginia Tech engineering professor, and his doctoral student, Ismail Zohdy , in their calculations, assumed that everyone will be using robotic cars in the near future.\"You will not be driving your car anymore; you will be driven by your car,\" Zohdy said. \"We are not talking about the distant future,\" Rakha said.Robotic cars are closer to reality than many may think, Rakha and Zohdy said about their smart traffic signal. They cited some driverless cars under development now, including Google-made cars and research vehicles from Stanford University.While other researchers have written programmes for how driverless cars should act at intersections, Rakha and Zohdy say their controller takes into account more variables than other systems do. For example, it calculates different cars' engine capacities.In the futuristic intersections that Rakha and Zohdy imagined, cars coming up to the intersection would send data about their location and speed to a central controller . The controller would gather information about the weather, the speed limit at the intersection and how many lanes the intersection has. Once a car gets close enough, the controller would direct the car along paths that it has calculated are the swiftest, while remaining safe.The result is an intersection where cars don't need to pause as often or as long as human-driven vehicles need to.\"The proposed intersection controller, which allows vehicles to keep moving, reduces the delay for each vehicle compared to traditional intersection control. Keeping vehicles moving is also more fuel efficient and reduces emissions,\" Rakha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555122", "title": "7-yr-old raped, murdered in Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: A 7-year-old girl was lured with a chocolate, raped and strangulated to death by her neighbour in Sagar district.The victim was found murdered in a field on Saturday morning and her autopsy revealed that she was raped, said police.The accused Vijay Raikwar, 21, resident of Chirari village was arrested immediately after the incident was reported, as the girl was last seen with him, said police adding he has been charged with rape and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551543", "title": "Experts discuss benefits of physiotherapy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Indian Association of Physiotherapists, Chandigarh Branch organized the 3rd National conference and annual scientific meet at the Advance Paediatric Centre, PGIMER, Chandigarh on Sunday.Events organized on the occasion included poster presentation, quiz, scientific presentation and a talk by students from colleges across Punjab and Haryana. The Dr N S Yadav oration award went to Dr Jitendra Sharma, head of the DAV Physiotherapy College, Jalandhar and CMC, Ludhiana principal Dr Viswa.Experts who elaborated on the importance of physiotherapy in recent times included A G K Sinha, head of the Department of Physiotherapy, Punjabi University, Patiala, Dr Atul Parasar, professor of plastic surgery, PGIMER, Dr Viswa, principal, CMC, Ludhiana and Dr Jitendra Sharma, head, DAV College, Jalandhar.Participants came from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551357", "title": "Varsity plans across the board fee increase", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University, facing one of its severest financial crisis, is planning an across the board increase in examinations fees and charges for degree certificates, registrations and for other services to tide over the crisis.The varsity top brass has prepared a note in this regard which has been sent to the syndicate for approval.The note of the finance officer will be studied by the syndicate finance standing committee before taking a final decision.The varsity is fast running out of funds and is facing difficulty to even pay the salaries and pensions and has sought emergency additional funding from the state government.The vice-chancellor has written to the heads of departments to curtail spending and look for ways to generate additional income.According to the proposal, the fee increase would cover examination fees for theory and practical courses for degree and PG courses and charges for mark list and degree certificate as well.The proposed increase is in the range of 50% to 100% for various courses.According to top varsity officials though the varsity had sought Rs 124 crore non-plan funding from the state government, it received only Rs 79.89 crore for the year 2012-13.\"There is a deficit of Rs 44 crore currently. Around 83% of the non-plan grant from the government is being spent on salaries and pensions.During the last fiscal, the salary and pension bill was Rs 123 crore and this year it is set to balloon further following salary revisions,\" a syndicate member said.A high-level delegation from the varsity had held talks with education minister, finance minister and secretaries with request for additional funding recently.Government officials told the delegation that the varsity should implement austerity measures and raise additional income. They also pointed out that there was a surplus of posts in the varsity which could be reduced following the recent computerization initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17552047", "title": "States asked to set up block-level courts: Law minister", "text": "AMRITSAR: While asking the Punjab government to take strict action in the case of murder of an ASI in Amritsar and to protect the dignity of women, Union law minister Ashwani Kumar on Sunday said that the Congress party was not at all satisfied with law and order situation in the state.The minister said he has written to all CMs and chief justices for setting up of block-level courts under Gram Nayalaya Act, 2008. Stating that the government was committed for judicial independence, Kumar said the number of complaints regarding corruption in judiciary, especially at low level was on an increase which, he said was required to be eliminated.On his maiden visit to Amritsar after taking charge of the ministry, Kumar said, \"The state government should improve its law and order enforcement machinery as the murder of assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh has proved that things were getting out of control in Punjab.\"\"The Union minister also recommended expeditious proceeding in the case and hoped for credible justice. He also advised the state government to enforce law to punish eve teasers to ensure safety and dignity of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550302", "title": "Pune trekker found dead at Dhodap fort", "text": "NASHIK: A trekker from Pune, Shrikrishna Samak (68), was found dead at the Dhodap fort, near Kalwan,about 70 km from here, by a group of Mumbai trekkers on Sunday. This was the second incident in a month in the district as Sandeep Patade (30) of Mulund, who had climbed the Dangya pinnacle near Igatpuri, fell to his death after bees attacked him on November 10.Samak, a resident of Appa Balwant chowk, along with Bhimrao Ghatge, Prashant Godbole and Hemant Joshi, all from Pune, had been on a trekking expedition from Markandeya to the Dhodap fort since November 29. At the fag-end of the trek, on December 2, Samak reportedly told his accomplices to proceed and that he would join them some time later.When Samak failed to return home even after four days, his family members contacted trekkers from Nashik and sought their help. A team from Nashik, led by Sanjay Amritkar, climbed up the fort on Saturday. \"However, when our search for Samak did not yield any results, we left our contact number at an ashram at the fort. The following day, a team of trekkers from Mumbai contacted us and informed about a body they had spotted in an inaccessible valley at the fort,\" Amritka said. The Nashik team then informed the Kalwan police station, which sent one of their personnel with them to the fort. \"The body has been recovered and is being brought down. Details of the incident are yet to be ascertained,\" police sources said. The body bore no marks, except that the right hand appears to have been fractured, the police said, adding that things would be clear only after a post-mortem is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551435", "title": "153 food samples collected for testing", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to ensure proper quality of food being served by hotels and restaurants in the state during the ongoing tourism season, the medical health and family welfare department has conducted 1,091 inspections during the past 12 days. One hundred fifty-three samples were collected and sent to laboratory for testing. The drive was launched on November 29 and would be concluded today.\"We are waiting for reports,\" said health commissioner Dr B R Meena. Inspections were also carried out at some of the five star hotels.The campaign was launched keeping in mind the arrival of tourists from across the globe, including Europe and the US. The official checked the quality of spices, cold drinks, expiry dates of packed food products, manufacturing details and milk products.During inspection, officials found some cold drinks whose consumption dates had expired. However, no FIR has been lodged so far. The health department claimed that the campaign is coming to an end and if necessary, we will launch another campaign in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552161", "title": "Welcome to the second-hand reading room", "text": "PUNE: Not long ago your neighbourhood scrap-seller would carefully keep aside your less-used books so that they could be resold at the corner shops. With input costs for printing going through the roof, entrepreneurs are tapping into this age-old business idea of scrap-sellers. To make sure that your love for reading stays intact, some bookstores along with their online counterparts have begun encouraging sale of used books.Says Arti Jain, co-founder of an online store that sells new as well as used books: \"Used books give people a reason to buy more. If say, you are buying two books for Rs 600, in the same amount you can get four or more used books. It is very useful for people especially when they are after some usual stuff and not an exclusive title.\"\"People who love reading don't always want to buy a book that they know would be a one-time read. Also, since most people lack space in their homes, it gets difficult to store these books. After a point in time, you either have to throw them away or resell them or give them to someone. In such a scenario, buying used books makes a lot of sense for many,\" adds Jain.Engineering student Neeraj Shah says, \"I love to read, but being a student I can't always buy a lot of books. Libraries are helpful, but generally there is always a queue for new books. Buying used books online works perfectly with me.\" Shah adds that many small corner-shops already buy and sell old academic books. \"While studying professional courses, we have to keep buying a lot of books. These books are often expensive. Buying second-hand books from stores helps.\" Shah says that earlier the system of buying and selling old textbooks was confined to students of one college or among residents of the same hostel. But now with online portals buying and selling such books, many students across institutes are reaping the benefits.Talking about her venture, Jain says, \"Though our online store is four-years-old, it has only been a year since we began the used-book section. And it has got a tremendous response. We have a lot of new titles in both new and used formats. Readers can easily compare prices and pick what suits their pockets.\"One of the leading international online bookstores also indulges in buying used books. A statement on the site says that customers can ship the books to their offices free of cost where they will be checked for their condition, and if accepted, a payment will be made to the customer. The payment would depend on the condition of the books, it specifies. If the customer is satisfied with the money he is offered, he can go ahead with the deal. In case the books are rejected, they would be returned.A couple of small entrepreneurs buy used books for reselling. In fact, one of the landmark bookstores in the city that shut shop early this year had an entire section of used books, which they would buy from their customers.Says Sumedha Menon, who sold them some of her books, \"I had a lot of books and while shifting to a new place I decided to donate them to a library. I donated one batch before a friend suggested that I check out this bookstore in Camp and see if they want my books. I approached the owner and he happily bought quite a few of my books at a resale value.\"\"But while buying used books, one should be really careful. The books have to be chosen patiently as some may be damaged inside. Also, one should always try and buy used books from sites that promise that the product can be returned if it's not in a good condition,\" warns Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554239", "title": "Central government employees to go on strike on December 12", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Central government employees in Odisha will be a part of the one-day nationwide strike called by the Confederation of Central Government Employees and Workers (CCGEW) on December 12. The strike has been called in support of their 15-point charter of demands, organizing secretary of Odisha chapter of CCGEW Bruhaspati Samal said on Sunday.Samal said over one lakh employees, including postal and BSNL staff, would participate in the strike and sit on dharnas in front of their offices. Railway employees, however, would not participate in this strike, he added.The major demands of the confederation include setting up of seventh central pay commission for revision of wages from January 1, 2011, merger of DA with pay, filling up of all vacant posts, an end to downsizing staff and removal of certain conditions on compassionate appointments.The trade union leader said regularization of gramin dak sewaks was another demand of the confederation. He said lakhs of gramin dak sewaks, who deliver postal services, were being neglected by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549841", "title": "Man gets life term for rape of daughter", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for raping his nine-year-old daughter in an inebriated state.While holding 32-year-old Delhi resident Ganga Sahay guilty, the court said the convict had not only committed an \"incest\" rape but as the minor was in his custody, he had also committed a \"custodial\" rape.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau also directed the Delhi government to pay a compensation of Rs 2 lakh under the restorative and compensatory justice scheme to the girl, keeping in view her physical and psychological condition as she was admitted in a hospital for five days after the incident.According to police, the incident took place in May this year when Sahay, a rickshaw puller, came to his house in northwest Delhi in an inebriated condition and saw all his five children sleeping while his wife had gone to work.Sahay then raped his minor daughter, who was rescued by the landlord who had rushed to the house after hearing her screams, it said. The landlord then informed the police and the minor's mother and also took the injured child to the hospital.Sahay sought leniency on the ground that he was illiterate and had to support his family.The court, however, refused to show leniency saying he first raped his own daughter and then tried to shift the blame on his landlord by alleging that his wife was in a relationship with the landlord and they had falsely implicated him in the case.\"The depravity of Sahay is not only confined to the post-sexual assault of his child but gets compounded by the fact that he, without any remorse and in order to hide his sins, tried to shift the blame on a good samaritan who had intervened to save the child and in doing so, he did not even spare his own wife. Thus he is not entitled for leniency,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17554867", "title": "MLAs call up CM to prove loyalty", "text": "HUBLI: It was a hectic day for chief minister Jagadish Shettar in his home town on Sunday as he kept answering many calls of BJP MLAs and ministers, who were trying to prove their loyalty to the party. Shettar who was here to attend various programmes kept himself busy when his predecessor and former CM BS Yeddyurappa officially took charge of Karnataka Janata Party in Haveri.Sources close to the CM told TOI that some MLAs confessed to him that they were forced to attend a breakfast hosted by Yeddyurappa in Haveri but they refused to go on the dais.Savadatti MLA Vishwanath Mamani who was reportedly upset when his name along with 13 other MLAs was flashed on a TV channel of attending the meet spoke to the CM clarifying his position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555726", "title": "Poor initiative fails to enthuse ayurvedic cos", "text": "BHOPAL: The exercise-dialogue-- was meant to promote ayurveda. But it failed to impress representatives from national and international ayurvedic companies and organizations as top officials of AYUSH department officials refrained from providing solutions at the 5th world ayurveda conference here on Sunday.Union ministry of health and family welfare secretary (AYUSH) Anil Kumar said, \"Government works within framework. AYUSH department will step in when exporters fail to pass quality assurance tests.\"Giving assurances to industry, Kumar said his department would conduct safety evaluation of 80 herbs labelled as 'suspect' by the EU, joint inspections for exporters, premium labelling by AYUSH, provide adequate knowledge and enforce quality controls.\"A lot depends on the industry as well,\" he added. \"People are in favour. But you are failing to impress your own governments,\" said Kumar referring to foreign delegates.\"Ultimately, the government has to come on board. Lot of problems that ayurveda products face in other countries is regulatory and it is up to the Indian government to take up the issue with their counterparts,\" said Robert Verkerk of alliance for natural health, UK-based organisation.Maharishi Ayurveda CEO Alan Marks said, \"It is time the Indian government lobbies hard and takes ayurveda to the world.\" If ayurveda reachs five % of the US population, it would amount to some USD 17 billion in sales.Some delegates commented that the Chinese government spends millions on lobbying whereas the Indian government has failed to get its internal regulations in order. \"We were told to get our drugs cleared by Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) and all ayurveda drugs failed to pass the test. AYUSH department has to care for the industry,\" said a representative, seeking anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17550749", "title": "Alam, Chawla consolidate UP against Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Sunday turned out to be a perfect day for Uttar Pradesh. The visitors not only consolidated their position against Vidarbha, three of their players were also selected in the Indian team.Piyush Chawla marked his Test comeback in a grand manner by hammering 85, while Bhuvneshwar Kumar celebrated his Twenty20 selection with an unbeaten 34. The two helped their side end the second day on 524 for the loss of 7 wickets in the Ranji Trophy Group B match here at the VCA Civil Lines ground.A slight advantage created by Vidarbha pacemen on Saturday evening by picking up three wickets was neutralized by UP with a thoroughly professional performance, as its players all but batted out the hosts from the match.While centurion Mukul Dagar hogged the limelight on opening day, the second day belonged to Chawla and Arish Alam, who remains unbeaten on 93.Resuming at their overnight score of 248 for 4, Parvinder Singh and Amir Khan ensured that Vidarbha pacers did not get the early morning pitch advantage.Both Parvinder and Amir took the team's score past 300-run mark without being separated. Parvinder also completed his half century with the help of five boundaries.Just when Vidarbha's frustration was growing, Gaurav Upadhyaya struck a double blow. The tall off-spinner sent back both the overnight batsmen to bring back Vidarbha in the game. With 6 for 311, it looked like the hosts would manage to wrap the UP team under 400. However, Alam and Chawla had other ideas. The duo added 139 runs for the seventh wicket to rescue their side.Chawla, who was lucky to survive when he was dropped by Ranjeet Paradkar off his own bowling on 15 runs, opened his arms in the post-tea session and smashed three towering sixes off Sumit Ruikar. In trying to hit another out of the ground, he holed out at long-off to Faiz Fazal off Upadhyaya.Meanwhile, Alam continued his run-scoring spree in the company of Bhuvneshwar and helped UP put up a strong total on the board.\"It all depends on coach and captain when is the right time to declare. But we would like to score as many runs as possible on tomorrow morning in quick time so that we get sufficient time to bowl out Vidarbha,\" said Bhuvneshwar.Ranjeet Paradkar out for 3 weeksVidarbha's bad day turned into worse when Ranjeet Paradkar was ruled out of the match. In trying to catch the powerful shot by Chawla in his follow-through on the last ball before lunch, Paradkar suffered fracture to his right thumb. The stand-in Vidarbha skipper immediately went for an X-ray which revealed fracture. He has been advised three weeks' rest which means that he will not be available for the rest of the three league matches.SCOREBOARDUttar Pradesh (first innings; overnight 248-4): Parvinder Singh b G Upadhyaya 53, Amir Khan c S Shrivastava b G Upadhyaya 29, Arish Alam batting 93, Piyush Chawla c F Fazal b G Upadhyaya 85, Bhuvneshwar Kumar batting 34Extras: (LB 9, W 8) 17Total: (for 7 wickets in 180 overs) 524Fall of wickets: 1-4, 2-199, 3-207, 4-231, 5-310, 6-311, 7-450Bowling: Sandeep Singh 28.5-6-75-3, Shreekant Wagh 30-7-63-1; Amol Jungade 31-6-90-0; Faiz Fazal 3-0-10-0, Sumit Ruikar 43-7-132-0, Gaurav Upadhayaya 43-5-141-3, Ranjeet Paradkar 1.1-0-4-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17552291", "title": "Farmer attempts suicide after jumbo herd destroys his ragi crop", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 55-year-old farmer attempted to kill himself by slitting his throat with a sharp edged weapon after a herd of elephants destroyed his Ragi crop for the third consecutive time in Thalavady region, Erode district. The victim was initially rushed to Thalavady government hospital from where he was referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital for further treatment. According to family members, the victim fell into a state of total depression on Saturday night when he witnessed a herd of elephants trampling and eating his freshly cut load of Ragi (finger millet) which was laid on the field for drying.According to police, K Puttumadhan (55), a resident of Thalavady had sown Ragi in his two acre agriculture land. He was keeping a close watch over his crop this year as elephant herds destroyed his Ragi crop in 2011 and 2010 causing severe economic loss.\"Similar incidents occurred in the past during the last two months and my Father Puttumadhan decided to try sowing Ragi once more hoping that he will be able to ensure that it is safely harvested and transported to the local markets,\" said P Raj, son of Puutumadhan.Hasanur police said that they will probe the matter further after Puttumadhan's health condition improves. Raj also added that his father was staying awake and keeping a close watch on the field as he had cut his Ragi and had spread it on the field to ensure that it dries under direct sunlight.\"A herd of elephants entered our field on Saturday night and started eating Ragi. My father was keeping a watch on the crop and desperately tried to deter the elephants from causing further damage. At least five elephants had entered our field\" Raj added.Local farmers joined Puttumadhan to try and chase the elephants away but in vain. Puttumadhan was reportedly depressed after the incident. His neighbhours found him with a slit injury on his throat on Sunday afternoon and immediately rushed him to Thalavady hospital. Hasanur police was alerted and a case is expected to be registered soon. Puttumadhan has been admitted to the Intensive Care Unit of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "17550800", "title": "Ex-Pathapatnam MLA quits Congress", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: In a sudden development, senior political leader and former MLA of Pathapatnam Assembly constituency, Kalamata Mohana Rao resigned from the Congress on Sunday. Rao faxed his resignation letter to Pradesh Congress Committee president Botsa Satyannarayana. Sources said that he was unhappy over the way he was sidelined by the Congress and that he was planning to join the YSR Congress party. Rao was elected as Pathapatnam MLA five times on Telugu Desam Party ticket during 1978, 1989, 1994, 1999 and 2004 general elections. Later in November 2008, he left the TDP and joined Chiranjeevi's Prajarajyam Party. After PRP's debacle in 2009 election, Rao joined Congress the same year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549644", "title": "Man dies in hit-and-run accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man died in a hit-and-run accident in Nand Nagri area of northeast Delhi on Saturday night. The deceased has been identified as Monu, a resident of Trilokpuri.Monu was reportedly returning home after attending a relative's engagement in Ashok Nagar area when the incident took place near Nand Nagri bus stand.\"Monu left the function alone around 10pm. Within 30 minutes, he met with an accident near the bus stand,\" said a police officer.According to police, eyewitnesses claimed that Monu's two-wheeler was first hit from the rear by a speeding car which made him lose his balance and he then collided with a road divider.Onlookers rushed to help the victim and informed the police. He was taken to Guru Teg Bahadur hospital where he was declared dead due to severe head injuries, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552253", "title": "SET to be held on February 17", "text": "PUNE: After a long wait, the University of Pune (UoP) has announced the dates of the Maharashtra State Eligibility Test (SET) exam held for the posts of lecturers. It will be conducted on February 17 as per the new pattern. It was last conducted in November 2011. The next exam was expected in six months time, but the UoP has failed to do so for several reasons.The UoP conducts the exam in Maharashtra and Goa and close to 40,000 candidates register for it each year. Every three years, the University Grants Commission (UGC) renews the approval granted to the UoP to conduct the exam in the two states. The UoP had applied for renewal of the approval in February this year. However, the approval was pending since, an official said.Meanwhile, candidates who were preparing for the SET exam were in a dilemma. The UGC had announced the dates for the national eligibility test (NET) to be held on December 23. Students here feared there will be very little gap between the two exams. The SET exams are usually conducted in November, however, delay in the UGC approval forced the UoP to conduct it in February 2013.As per the new pattern, the third paper will also carry objective type questions. The test will be conducted in objective mode and will consist of three papers to be held in two separate sessions.Applications can be filled online between December 11 and 31 while the hard copy will be accepted till January 8. The admit cards will be provided to all candidates ten days before the exam, said a statement issued by the UoP.Paper I and II consists of 100 marks each while paper III carries 150 marks.Details of the examination are available on the website: www.http://setexam.unipune.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550333", "title": "Property tax notice baffles residents", "text": "GURGAON: Several residents who have got house tax notice, perhaps for the first time, don't seem to be aware how to go about paying it. Acknowledging that there seems to be some kind of ambiguity over the payment of tax, the municipal corporation officials say the confusion is because of the change in the house tax policy announced a few months ago.,While until recently property tax was being calculated according to the previous method and rate, the MCG has started sending new notices since the past fortnight. The new policy clearly states that ever since the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon was formed (2008), those living in self-occupied houses don't have to pay property tax for the next two years (2008-09 and 2009-10).,\"Residents have to pay tax for the period 2008-09 and 2009-10 only if their house was rented out. They are however exempt from paying the tax if their house was self occupied. However, they will have to pay tax from year 2010-11 as per the amount in the notice they have received. We are aware that because of the new tax policy, there seems to be some confusion. Our zonal taxation officials too are not certain about the new policy,\" said an official.,\"For the past few days we are sending tax notice to the residents and all that they need to do is come to the citizen facility centre opposite Civil Hospital in the old city and pay tax through cash, cheque or demand draft. They can also pay online on our website www.mcg.gov.in. For residents of new Gurgaon area we are planning to open a citizen facilitation centre in their area so that they don't have to travel far,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553939", "title": "I declined to co-star with Saira: Dilip Kumar", "text": "Subhash K Jha speaks to Dilip Kumar on his 90th birthday...You turn 90 on December 11. 90 is just a number specially when one considers a life as well-lived as yours. Sir, as you look back what do you feel about the first 90 years of your life? I can look back at my life with a sense of satisfaction and some surprise at certain events that have added the twists and turns to an otherwise normal, serene life.Dilip saab, in the 90 years which events would you regard as the greatest events and milestones in your astounding life? My entry into the profession of acting which was most unexpected. My marriage to a beautiful girl two score years younger with whom I had declined to co-star because she was too young to be my leading-lady, my decision to challenge myself by switching over to comedy when I was being hailed for my intense tragic roles that had evoked public esteem and adulation.Every actor wants to be like you. You have defined fine and brilliant acting for 6 decades.You have spawned generations of admirers from Mr Bachchan to Shah Rukh Khan. How do you evaluate your own contribution as an actor? I have seriously pondered over this because the question has been put to me so many times. I guess it is a normal instinct to follow an example if you are drawn to it for whatever attributes you admire in that example. An actor should possess a strong instinct, besides a mind of his own and a striking personality. He should be able to absorb the positive and delete the negative from the influences that are bound to crowd his mind. The mind has to be respected and obeyed when it tells you to accept or reject an influence.What qualities should an actor cultivate? It is not for me to generalize on the dos and don'ts. Every actor I watched in my formative years had his own individualistic qualities and assets. I had the discrimination fortunately at that age\u00e2\u20ac\u201dI was only 20---to decide that I had to be patient and pick only those films I liked to work in. There were times in the early phase of my career when I needed the big money that was being offered to me after some of my films became box office hits. But I resisted accepting them because I did not relate to those scripts and propositions.Your refusal must have upset a lot of producers? The producers who came to me with those offers felt they had the role of a lifetime for me, a newcomer. They advised me that it was foolish to refuse the offers when the going was so good because in show business you have to show that you are in great demand and you are extremely busy. I could have been swayed by the talk but it was my basic strength of discrimination that helped me to be firm and go by what my mind told me to do. So if you judge from my career it is the quality of patience and discrimination that paid off. It cannot be the general thumb rule because I know of actors who worked in six films simultaneously and were gloriously happy and relaxed.Dilip saab, you have worked with the most exquisite actresses , from Madhubalaji to Sairaji. Who were your favourites, and why? I was never the one to choose my co stars. That prerogative was the producer's and director's. When I teamed with Meena Kumari in Azaad she was also changing gears (from serious roles to comedy). We hit it off in light-hearted acting and it encouraged the makers of Kohinoor to cast us again in lively roles. She made a delightful co-star and we got along well outside our work because we shared a taste for good Urdu poetry.And Madhubala? Madhubala was very vivacious as an artiste and person. It was in Tarana that our pairing became noticed, though most film lovers cherish her gorgeous screen presence in Mughal e Azam. Waheeda Rehman was wonderfully sprightly in Ram aur Shyam and equally intense in Dil Diya Dard Liya. As for Saira, it was only when we began work in Sagina that I realised how capable Saira was. She handled the dramatic scenes with amazing confidence and with little help from me. It clearly demonstrated her latent potential that had remained untapped in all the romantic musicals she came to be adored for.Who was your favourite co-star? I have consistently rated Nalini Jaywant as a formidable co-star. She was the only actress who could take me by surprise in the final take if I was not alert enough thanks to the natural spontaneity she possessed.Wish Dilip Kumar a happy birthday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554283", "title": "People's opinion matters most to Imran Khan", "text": "Actor Imran Khan says he never really gives in to a critic's opinion because for him appreciation from a large group of people matters the most\"I never really gave anyways to critic opinions because it is ultimately the opinion of one person, so why should I take the opinion of one critic? To me appreciation comes from large number of people,\" Imran told IANS.\"If any one person says it (movie) is good, then it doesn't necessarily have to be good. When a whole lot of people say that it is bad, then I will listen to them. And when a whole lot of people will say it is good, then I will listen to them,\" he added.The actor made his Bollywood debut in 2008 with \"Jaane Tu...Ya Jaane Na\" and went on to do films like \"Delhi Belly\", \"Mere Brother Ki Dulhan\" and \"Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu\".Imran is now looking forward to the release of his upcoming film \" Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\" , in which he dons a typical Haryanvi look, however, he refuses to take the credit for it.\"Look for the film was not really a hard work. I will not take the compliment for that because you have some really talented people, who helped me getting the perfect look,\" said Imran.\"My costume designers, makeup artists have put in a lot of research and hard work for that. So I will not take the credit for that,\" he added.Directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, \" Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\" also features Anushka Sharma , Arya Babbar, Pankaj Kapoor and Shabana Azmi . It is slated for Jan 11 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553383", "title": "Road safety steps stressed at meeting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Not taking action against contractor, junior engineer and assistant engineer for the death of a school girl in a road accident recently earned senior officials of public works department (PWD) a rap from here on Sunday from district magistrate Rajshekhar who was presiding over a review meeting of officials. Blacklisting the contractor and departmental action against the JE and AE for making a faulty road were in order.To enforce wearing helmet by two-wheeler drivers in the district, especially students, the DM asked SP city to conduct awareness drive in schools to ensure two wheelers were driven only after obtaining a valid driving licence and compulsorily use of helmet. Failure to do so would result in challan and seizure of the vehicle. Officials were asked to keep an eye on students of different private coaching institutes coming to attend classes on two-wheelers.Issuing directives to assistant regional transport officer ( ARTO) to conduct an intensive drive for checking school buses engaged in transporting children the basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) and distrct inspector of schools(DIOS) were directed to take action against those flouting rules.Reviewing the condition of ponds in the district sub divisional magistrates of Sadar, Karchana, Phulpur and Soraon were told to conduct photography of the ponds in their areas and submit report by Friday. Stating that ramps be constructed near ponds, PWD officials were asked to make arrangements for draining out water from ponds, besides construction of slopes near manholes on roads to avoid accidents. Teams have been constituted division-wise comprising officials of PWD, Ganga Pollution Control Unit and additional district magistrate, City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17552213", "title": "Escapee Punjab criminal nabbed from Hisar", "text": "PATIALA: After a chase spanning five months, Patiala police have finally arrested a dreaded criminal, who faces 26 criminal cases.Sukhbir Singh Sukha, with the help of his accomplices, had escaped from police custody on June 6, 2012 while being taken to Nabha court for a hearing in his case.On Saturday evening, police arrested Sukha from Hisar in Haryana, along with another person identified as Maninder Singh.During police investigations, it has come to light that Sukha was not only in touch with Punjab-based criminals, but was also active in Haryana.\"A total of 26 criminal cases of robbery and murder are pending against Sukha in Punjab and Haryana. During investigations into this particular case, we have come to know how Punjab-based criminals have been taking shelter in Haryana after escaping from the police net of Punjab cops,\" said SHO of Pasiana police station, Jaswinder singh Tiwana, who, along with his team, nabbed Sukha and his accomplices.On June 6, 2012, cops were taking Sukha to a Nabha court from Patiala jail. As the police team reached near Rakhra village, Sukha requested the cops to stop the vehicle as he wanted to urinate.When cops stopped the vehicle and Sukha stepped out, two unidentified motorcyclists pointed a pistol at the cops and took Sukha away on their bike. Sukha belongs to Kahlawa village of Jalandhar while his accomplice Maninder Singh belonged to Narangwal village of Ludhiana.\"We have secured two days' police remand for Sukha. Our focus now is to arrest other members of his gang before they commit more crimes. We are in touch with Haryana police and are taking their help,\" Tiwana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555392", "title": "Panchayat shoot finishes", "text": "Bhojpuri film 'Panchayat' has finished its shoot. Film is produced by M Imtiaz Khan under the banner of I K Movies. Viraj Bhatt and Kajal Redhani will be seen sharing screenspace once again in this film.The film revolves around the injustice done in the villages and panchayats of village. Tanushree, Manoj Tiger, Ajay Sharma, Ravi Singh are the stars in the movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549811", "title": "2-month temple service for drunk driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has set aside 20-day jail term given to a man held guilty of driving in an inebriated state and has instead ordered him to perform community service at a temple once a week for two months.Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat released Uttar Pradesh native Ram Phool (30), a driver by profession, on probation saying imprisonment will leave an \"indelible blot\" on his career and seriously affect his household.The court asked Ram to do community service at Maa Katyayani Mandir near Jhandewalan in the capital once a week for two months.The order came on Ram's plea challenging the magistrate's October 26 order sentencing him to 20 days in jail for driving a truck in an inebriated state early this year in southwest Delhi. The trial court had also imposed a fine of Rs 4,600 on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550288", "title": "2 shelter home girls go missing from Rohtak, 2 cops suspended", "text": "Deepender Deswal | tnnROHTAK: Two women cops were suspended on Sunday after two girls including a former Apna Ghar inmate fled from Rohtak-based shelter home.The girls slipped out of the shelter home by unlocking the main gate after stealing the keys from under the pillow of one of the women constables. The cop was asleep in the same room along with the girls.Apna Ghar was raided by the national commission for protection of child rights on May 9 which exposed the sexual and physical harassment of the girl inmates there. Some inmates were shifted to other homes.Ashok Khurana, manager of the Hari Om Sewa Dal which runs the shelter home said, \"We came to know about the incident early in the morning. Though the police have deployed two women cops, only one of them was present at the shelter home.\"Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said that they had registered a missing report and started a hunt to locate the missing girls. \"We have suspended the cops for dereliction of duty and started a departmental probe against them,\" Sharma said adding that the girls had also made escape attempts earlier as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554200", "title": "Passport office gets new building", "text": "RANCHI: The regional passport office here will be shifted to a new building 10 years after it was set up. The new office, to be inaugurated on Monday by chief passport officer and joint secretary M K Pardeshi, has modern facilities and infrastructure that will help in fast issuance of passports.The Passport Seva Project, a new passport issuance system, has been implemented in Jharkhand. It is an integrated system that takes care of issuance of passports, online linking with police and centralized printing of passports. All these have been set up in the new office. The new office will also house the Passport Seva Kendra.The passport office, which caters to 24 districts, used to run from an old office in Dhurwa. A few months ago, it was shifted to the Galaxy Mall building on Ratu Road. Authorities have to take extra measures while issuing passports in Jharkhand, a Naxalite-affected state.However, some recent incidents have put concerned authorities on high alert. In April, intelligence agencies said one Riyaz Bhatkal of Indian Mujahideen had received passport in the name of Shah Rukh Khan from Jharkhand. \"Better infrastructure obviously cannot check such frauds. But it will certainly help officials at the passport office take extra caution,\" said a junior passport officer.The online facility, introduced recently, has made it easy for travelers to get passports. Many online applications have been pending due to lack of infrastructure. With the new office in place, work will be expedited to clear the applications.Applications can also be submitted at district passport cells across the state. However, centres at Latehar, Lohardaga, Jamtara, Gumla, Palamu, Simdega, Koderma, Khunti and Ramgrah are not functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555267", "title": "Monica Batra proud of her toned body", "text": "Monica Batra is proud of her healthy and toned body. All the directors are waiting in que to cast her in their films. Monica has also kept a dance trainer who has been teaching her Indian and western dance forms.Monica made her debut with Manoj Tiwari in the film Aelaan Ba and since then she has been considered USP of Bhojpuri film industry.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550896", "title": "Sohrab case: Govt wants Sylvester back in jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government wants one of the key witnesses in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case and an accused in the Popular Builders firing case, Sylvester Daniel back in the jail. It has moved the Supreme Court (SC) to get his bail cancelled that was granted by the Gujarat high court in July this year.Interestingly, the state's anti-terrorist squad (ATS) has also moved a city sessions court demanding that Sylvester's bail should be cancelled. The probe agency in the Popular firing case has claimed that the accused furnished wrong address while obtaining bail.Even after Sylvester was granted bail by the HC in July on bail bond of Rs 10,000 in the Popular Builders firing incident, he was released three months later. His detention was extended by the Vadodara central jail on the ground that the state government had invoked section 268 of CrPC, which restricts prisoner's movement outside jail, after he escaped while he was produced before Udaipur court.The state government has moved the apex court demanding that Sylvester should be sent back to jail again. The apex court has issued notice to Sylvester and kept further hearing on the government's petition on January 3.The accused persons in Popular firing case are the witnesses in the fake encounter case, on whose statements the CBI has implicated former minister Amit Shah and suspended IPS Abhay Chudasama. Most important witnesses of this lot - Sohrabuddin's brother Nayamuddin, his friends including Noor Mohammed Ghoghari, Azam Khan and Mahendrasinh Zala have already retracted their statements.Sylvester was the one who opened fire along with Tulsiram Prajapati at the builders' office in Navrangpura in December 2004. A year after Sohrabuddin was bumped off, Tulsiram was also done to death in an alleged fake encounter.The high court had released Sylvester on bail in 2006, but his failure to furnish proper surety resulted in his bail cancellation.Meanwhile, the accused persons in the firing case have requested the trial court to stay proceeding on the ground that ATS had fabricated statements of witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "17554279", "title": "Mushroom farming becoming popular", "text": "KENDRAPARA: Mushroom farming has become popular in villages near Paradip in Jagatsinghpur district due to the enterprising initiative of a group of young girls and homemakers.\"Mushroom cultivation has become a new source of income for girls who were otherwise idling away their time. The produce has also made its way into the neighbouring port town of Paradip fetching good returns. The produce was initially meant for domestic consumption. Now, many have switched over to commercial farming,\" said Arabinda Dhal, a scientist at the Centre-run Krishi Vigyan Kendra.\"It all began on an experimental basis. We had taken up the mushroom farming to meet our household needs. As vegetable prices soared, we tried to supplement it with mushroom. After the experiment turned out to be a success, we thought of commercial farming,\" said Kausalya Swain, president of the Mahalaxmi Women's Self-help Group from Mangarajpur village.\"We were short of funds, but inspired by our sincere endeavour, a nearby fertilizer manufacturing unit volunteered to help. We have not looked back ever since,\" she added.\"Mushroom farming is a highly remunerative enterprise with quick returns in a very short period. But the farming needs to be done strictly under technical guidance,\" explained Dhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17554417", "title": "'Police darbar' keeps family bond intact", "text": "LUDHIANA: More than 50 cases were resolved amicably during a special \"police darbars\" organized by the city police at Suvidha centres on Sunday.SHO of division no. 2 police station Ravinder Pal Singh said the \"darbars\" for police stations of division no 2, 3, 4 and 6 were organized at the Suvidha centre. Additional deputy commissioner Nilambari Vijay Jagdale and assistant commissioner of police, central, Ramneesh Chaudary heard 65 pending complaints, of which, 35 were disposed of on the spot. Most of these were related to marital and property disputes between families. As part of the initiative, a police darbar at Suvidha centre, North, resolved 23 cases from police station division no. 4, Salem Tabri and Kotwali. SHO, Kotwali, Surinder Mohan informed that the darbar was organized under the supervision of the assistant commissioner police, north, Swapan Sharma. Another \"darbar\" was held at Atam Nagar police station in the presence of assistant commissioner of police Mukhtiar Singh and SHOs of Model Town and Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550247", "title": "125 vintage beauties rule the streets", "text": "GURGAON: Gleaming beauties from yesteryears added to the charm of a bright and sunny morning as they caught attention of Gurgaoites at the '21 Gun Salute' Vintage and Classic Car Rally on Sunday. ` ,A fleet of 125 vintage cars, which were later joined by 45 vintage motorcycles and scooters, reached the Leisure Valley Park in Gurgaon after being flagged off by the Chief of Army Staff General Bikram Singh at the Panchsheel Club in Delhi.,The collection at the rally, which has attracted many heritage car motorists and enthusiasts, showcased classic beauties like the majestic Rolls Royce, sturdy Ford, Austin, Buick, Jaguar, Chevrolet and Plymouth Limousine PJ 6.,However, the crowd puller was the 1913 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost Double Limousine, which was the second oldest car participating in the rally. Kanpur-based Tariq Ibrahim, owner of the car, said, \"The Rolls Royce Silver Ghost Double Limousine is the only one of its kind remaining in the world. Only nine such limousines were made of which eight were destroyed in World War I.\",Speaking about the car, he said \"Our family has owned this car for 90 years now. Our great grandfather bought it in London in 1922 and brought it to India in 1928.\" On its maintenance, he said it is very difficult to get parts of this car now. He also said the parts have to be imported from London, as they are not available anywhere in India. ,The oldest car in the rally was the Willys-Overland (1909), owned by Tutu Dhawan. Dhawan also owns a Buick Super 8, a Ford Prefect, an Oldsmobile, a Jaguar 420 G, a Super Beetle, a MG TC and an MGB. All these vehicles participated in the rally.,HW Bhatnagar, former chairman of the Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd and owner of a Buick 1940 and a dozen more vintage cars, said his Buick 1940 is one of the few cars of its kind in India. \"It is my dream car. There are a lot of memories attached to it,\" he said.,Madan Mohan, managing director, 21 Gun Salute, the brain behind the rally, said the rally, organized in association with the Heritage Motoring Club of India, entered Gurgaon through NH 8, passing through Crown Plaza Hotel, Huda Metro Station, MG Road, Golf Course Road to reach its destination.,He said the rally is a matter of prestige for all the vintage car owners and the participants. \"The best part about the collection is that they are still in good working condition, and driving these machines is always enthralling,\" he said. \"The idea behind this drive is that the passion for vintage cars should not be limited only to aficionados but also should extend to the general public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551416", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal lists \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSwiss bank account numbers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of Ambanis", "text": "MUMBAI: Ignoring denials issued previously by the Ambanis, Aam Aadmi Party's Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday reiterated allegations that they held Swiss bank accounts and 'revealed' their alleged account numbers.\"A few days ago, I exposed that Anil and Mukesh Ambani have Swiss bank accounts. They have not admitted their fraud. I have the Swiss bank account numbers of Anil and Mukesh Ambani here with me. Shall I read them?\" Kejriwal asked a packed hall at the Times of India Literary Carnival on Sunday. \"5090160983 and 5090160984, HSBC Bank,\" he said.A spokesperson for Anil Ambani rejected the allegations. \"Mr Anil D Ambani had no bank account with HSBC in Geneva. It is regrettable that such baseless allegations are being made at the behest of vested interests,\" the spokesperson said.A Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) spokesperson rejected the allegation against Mukesh Ambani, reiterating a statement made by RIL earlier in November.I-T dept letting off big fish: KejriReliance Industries Ltd on Sunday again denied Arvind Kejriwal's allegation that Mukesh Ambani holds a secret Swiss bank account.\"We had issued a statement on November 9, 2012 that categorically stated that neither Reliance Industries Limited nor Mr Mukesh Ambani have or had any illegitimate accounts anywhere in the world,\" an RIL spokesperson said. Last month, Kejriwal had alleged that Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani had Rs 100 crore each in Swiss bank accounts while their mother Kokilaben also had a Swiss bank account which had no balance.Kejriwal and his colleague, lawyer Prashant Bhushan, had also accused multinational bank HSBC of running a huge hawala operation to launder thousands of crores of illicit money belonging to leading industrialists such as the Ambani brothers, Mukesh and Anil, the Burmans of Dabur, Naresh Goyal of Jet Airways, Yashovardhan Birla and Congress MP Annu Tandon. All of them had denied the allegations.Kejriwal said the income tax department had received the Swiss bank details in 2011 but had chosen not to act against the big fish on the list. \"The papers are with the I-T department,\" he said. \"They (the Ambanis) could have been prosecuted but nothing has been done,\" he said.Earlier, Kejriwal had demanded that the government should reveal the names and amounts of all 700 on the list and explain why it has ad0 opted a different method of inve-stigation against high income individuals while conducting raids on smaller businessmen. He had said that the government's statement released a day after he made his allegation in November had proved that the list was authentic and that the tax department had decided to proceed selectively on the list which was handed over by France.Citing the example of the US and UK governments, Kejriwal had questioned the government's reluctance to demand information related to Indians who held secret accounts in foreign banks. While Kejriwal had made the allegations against HSBC and top Indian businessmen at a news conference last month, this time he chose to make his revelations at a gathering of common citizens at the Times Literary Carnival, who roared and whistled their approval and practically drowned out the numbers which the activist-turned-politician read out.He has made a string of allegations against politicians, political parties and businessmen in the run-up to the launch of his political party, hoping to cash in on the anti-corruption sentiment in the country. In November, Reliance Industries, the Anil Ambani group, Jet Airways and the Burmans of Dabur had rejected allegations of holding illegitimate Swiss bank accounts levelled by Kejriwal saying they were \"baseless and false\".A Dabur statement had said the accounts were opened by the Dabur family when they were NRIs and were legally allowed to open such accounts. HSBC had also said that it \"takes compliance with the law, wherever it operates, very seriously\". Kejriwal had alleged that an RIL group firm, Motech Software Private Ltd, had Rs 2,100 crore in such bank accounts. He had also alleged that Annu Tandon, a first-time Congress MP from Unnao in UP and her husband, late Sandeep Tandon, a former IRS official who advised RIL on taxation matters, had Rs 125 crore each in Swiss bank accounts. Annu Tandon had termed Kejriwal's November allegation as \"a load of lies\" and had said she would take legal action against him.A day after Kejriwal made the allegations in November, the government had issued a statement saying appropriate action had been taken in the case and further action was on. However, it did not elaborate on the names and citied the confidentiality clause under the Double Taxation Avoidance Convention with France which stipulates that information can be used for tax purposes only. Kejriwal and Bhusan had demanded the suspension of HSBC's India operations and arrest of its officials, prosecution of the industrialists concerned and disclosure of names of all Indians who held accounts in foreign branches of different banks.The activists had also attacked the government for not taking action against HSBC and its clients engaged in money laundering in disregard of \"strong evidence'\", specifically accusing the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee of covering up the racket when it came to light in July 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550038", "title": "Kanjira survives by skin of its teeth", "text": "There's an unusual connection between The Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and the percussion instrument kanjira. The monitor lizard's skin is used to make the instrument, and since the act has declared the creature an endangered species, artists have to look for alternatives to make the instrument.\"Artists feel that using alternatives may not produce the same sound,\" says M Krishnamurthy, secretary, Parthasarathy Swamy Sabha. The kanjira, a small, handheld drum that resembles a tambourine, is used in Carnatic music concerts. However, it is an instrument that is slowly fading out, with only about six artists playing this season. Not many young people are coming forward to learn the instrument. Mridangam artists also prefer the ghatam to the kanjira. Though this is a busy season for musicians, kanjira artists say they lack teachers and have trouble procuring the instrument.Kanjira is considered secondary to mridangam, which is the major percussion instrument used in concerts. It consists of a circular wooden frame made of the wood of the jackfruit tree. The monitor lizard skin is stretched over one side to form the playing head. The drum is usually held in the left hand and played by striking the leather face with the right. Slits in the frame contain metal discs that jingle and add to the resonance.The skin for the instrument is not available in most musical instrument stores as it's trade is banned. \"I need to change the cover of my instrument every six months and find it difficult to procure it. The wood for the instrument is easily available,\" says Nerkundram Sankar, who is doing 35 concerts this season. Kanjira artists start their preparation early. \"If they replace the skin on the instrument, they have to spend time adjusting it and practising before playing in concerts,\" says Krishnamurthy. \"We try to accommodate both ghatam and kanjira artists but a lot depends on what the mridangam player prefers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550328", "title": "Comprehensive infra plan needed in suburbs, say experts", "text": "The suburbs will have to wait a while before they catch up with the city when it comes to having reasonably priced civic amenities, say urban planners.''Now, residential projects are coming up in the Outer Ring Road project areas,\" says K P Subramanian, former professor at Anna University's urban engineering department. Projects have been announced before the land acquisition was complete, he adds. \"Most of these areas, including Oragadam and Sriperumbudur, don't have water supply, sewerage system or health and recreation facilities. Here, housing projects come before development of social infrastructure as all you need is a road connection to your plot for permission to build mini-townships,\" says M G Devasahayam, a trustee of SUSTAIN, an NGO in urban development.The problem is compounded by the fact that development control rules meant for the city are being applied in suburbs. According to a CMDA official, a highrise is allowed if the approach road is of a certain width, the logic being that wider roads in the city will have stormwater drains, underground sewerage and electricity lines.Planning permissions inside the Chennai Metropolitan Area (CMA) are based on whether the builder gets 'No Objection' certificates from Metrowater, electricity boards, traffic and fire services. However, a promoter building a 27-storeyed complex beyond Uthandi, outside CMA limits, will approach the directorate of town and country planning and local authorities who don't thoroughly scrutinise the applications, says the official.According to former CMDA chief planner Anantharanjan Das, it will take time before the law and market catch up with the fast-paced development in and around Chennai. \"In the 1930s and 40s, the electric railway line was the only way to reach places like Tambaram. Sensing the development potential, people moved to suburbs along the railway line and areas like Nanganallur were carved out,\" says Das. In the early days, the suburbs didn't have tarred roads or amenities. The next wave of migration was to ECR that primarily attracted people with enough means to own cars to ferry them back to the city from their farm houses.The development of the IT Corridor again saw middle class families moving to the suburbs. \"The accumulated development of last 30 years happened in the space of 10 years,\" says Das, who along with his team prepared an infrastructure plan for the IT Corridor up to Siruseri in 2000. Now, projects are going beyond Melmaruvathur along NH45, Maraimalai Nagar and Chengalpet in Kancheepuram. It is a market economy where developers can't be held responsible for providing social infrastructure. \"The market will catch up with the pace. Koot Road that connects southern suburb Madipakkam with Medavakkam resembles a mini-T Nagar with its shops. The situation will improve the government acts,\" he says. It is also up to the government, which collects `100 per sqft as infrastructure charge from builders, to prepare a development plan and implement it, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552124", "title": "3 kidnapped by AIADMK man rescued by cops", "text": "MADURAI: The district police rescued three persons of a family who were allegedly kidnapped by an AIADMK man and usurer in the locality.The accused, an AIADMK panchayat councillor, is on the run. Police said J Regina Mary, 36, of Kadachanenthal had borrowed Rs 30,000 from R Rajkumar from the locality who is a panchayat ward councillor of Madurai East Panchayat union and an AIADMK man. He used to lend money in the locality allegedly at higher interest rates and he had lent money to Regina Mary on weekly interest basis. When Regina Mary failed to pay the interest for a few months, Rajkumar demanded her to pay Rs 96,500 along with interest and principal. He also threatened her with dire consequences if she failed to repay him. Fearing the consequences, Regina Mary was said to be desperate to raise the money and she was visiting her relatives for the purpose.Under these circumstances, Rajkumar along with his accomplices came to Regina Mary's house on November 28 and demanded the money from Regina's mother Arockiamary who told him that she was away. Hence he forcefully took the old woman and Regina's son Maria Bill Clinton, 17, and her 15-year-old daughter. When she learnt about the kidnaps, she filed a complaint with the Ooamchikulam police. Based on her complaint, police slapped charges against Rajkumar, his wife Muthulakshmi and their maid Irulayi. They were booked for kidnapping and the Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Charging Exorbitant Interest Act, 2003. Police arrested Irulayi and sent her to judicial custody on the next day while the other two are absconding. Based on instructions from Madurai SP V Balakrishnan, four special teams were formed to find the kidnapped persons and the accused. The special parties were looking out for them at various places and neighbouring districts during which they got a tip-off that three of them were held in Dindigul. The police rescued Arockiamary and the children from a house at Dindigul and were brought back to Madurai.Oomachikulam DSP Srinivasa Perumal told media that they were looking out for the accused. \"The special parties rescued the kidnapped persons while the accused managed to flee abandoning them. The police are looking out for them and they will be arrested shortly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552211", "title": "BSE Institute announces financial Olympiad for school students", "text": "For the little bankers, future stock market gurus and young minds with financial aspirations, here is an opportunity to hone your skills and test your grit. BSE Institute, in an effort to promote financial literacy within schools, recently launched the BSE International Financial Olympiad, a national level financial quiz competition . The initiative hopes to reach out to approximately 15,000 schools across India and aims to facilitate an interest in financial learning amongst children.Elaborating on the concept, Ambarish Datta, MD and CEO, BSE Institute, says, \"The importance of financial education has increased in recent years. Our goal is to promote the advancement, discovery, learning and application of sound personal financial and money management practices among the youth.\"Organised in association with Eduheal Foundation, the Olympiad is open to students from class IX to XII, with a keen interest in economics, commerce, accounts and business studies. \"The event is designed to encourage students to explore, discover, and learn about the financial world and develop essential analytical and problem-solving skills,\" adds Datta.The competition is spread over city/state, national level . Students shortlisted in the first round will appear for an all-India online exam based on the syllabus of various state boards and the national curriculum framework. Of these, top 48 merit students will have the opportunity to compete in the quiz finals in Mumbai in February 2013. Datta explains, \"There will be prizes for top three winners, each, from class IX, X, XI and XII. Apart from that, prizes will be awarded to principals and teachers for their support.\"The event follows BSE's ongoing campaign in financial literacy that includes initiatives such as faculty development programmes, awareness seminars and training programmes for international universities, online stock market games and a simulation programme to help school children learn about money management, among others. \"As children grow and insist on managing their lives, parents worry about their basic financial planning among other things. We feel that good money management practices, if inculcated at the school level, can help children emerge as financially responsible adults,\" concludes Datta.FACT FILEDeadline: December 15.For details: http:// bifo.bsebti.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551875", "title": "Paid news: EC notice to BJP Daskroi candidate", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17554302", "title": "With both hands tied, man jumps into pond, dies", "text": "BOKARO: An unidentified man committed suicide after jumping in a pond with his both hands tied at the back at Joshi Colony here on Sunday. Local residents tried to save him but before they could bring him out of the pond, he died.This was second such incident in town in the past 48 hours. On Saturday, a woman jumped in the cooling pond of Bokaro Steel Plant to end her life but was saved by the local residents who were bathing. She is now battling for life in the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH). According to local residents, the man was wandering in the streets of Joshi Colony with his hands tied since morning. \"He has requested many people to release the knot, but the residents fearing that he might be mentally sick and harm them did not open the rope,\" a resident said.Frustrated with the behaviour of the people, he ran towards a pond and jumped in front of the residents. People standing along the pond plunged to save him but in vain.Officer in charge of city police station Ramod Kumar Singh said an investigating was on to identify the deceased and to ascertain why and who had tied his hands. A case has been lodged and body sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551167", "title": "Cloud over family medicine course", "text": "KOLKATA: The state health department is on a back foot to start the diploma in family medicine course, which was supposed to commence from 2012-13 academic session. Many, who had applied for the course, are in the dark as there is uncertainty whether the course will actually run at all. Even as the health department officials maintained that the course is not being scrapped, they have asked applicants to take back the application fees.Initially, the one-year course was supposed be run jointly by West Bengal University of Health Sciences and Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP, UK). The one-year comprehensive course was to train doctors for family medicine. With special emphasis on primary and secondary health care, government had hoped to enhance trained human resources at the periphery level. Hundreds of MBBS graduates had applied for the course.\"We were to start with an intake of 24 trainees. Once through with the course, they were to sign an undertaking that they would serve primary and secondary health care facilities run by the state government. The move would have enhanced trained manpower to provide quality health care in the periphery level and hence would have eased the burden on government hospitals in Kolkata. With uncertainty looming large over the course, there is anxiety among the applicants now,\" said a state health department official.The health department has asked the applicants to take the refund of the application fees of Rs 1000. There is no clear explanation from the health department about the delay in starting the course. They claim that the problem is with RCGP and it is being worked out.\"The course is not scrapped but it is being delayed. We are working on certain issues with RCGP and hope to reach a solution by April 2013. In the meantime, candidates who have applied for the course can collect the refund of the fees if they want to,\" said director of medical education Dr S K Bandyopadhyay. RCGP officials said though they were approached by the government for the tie-up, it had not giventhe green signal was not given as the process of accreditation is yet to take a final shape. Dr Sandy Mather, RCGP's international head, has asked the state health department to remove all RCGP references from its advertising material for the time being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17555029", "title": "We will not spare traffic offenders: SP", "text": "MANGALORE: While Dakshina Kannada district police have no direct say in matters of setting up of Ambedkar Bhavans, the district police authorities have offered to give their opinion if sought for.The issue comes under the purview of the district administration and the department of social welfare and it is for them to decide on where the Ambedkar Bhavans should be set up in consultation with leaders of SC/ST communities, said SP Abhishek Goyal.When the issue of Ambedkar Bhavans being set up in areas far removed from SC/ST colonies in the district was raised at the monthly SC/ST meeting organized by Dakshina Kannada district police here on Sunday, SP said it would be better if Dalit leaders flag the issue with deputy commissioner and or the district social welfare officer. \"If our opinion is sought, we will be more than willing to do so from a law and order point of view,\" he said.When Narayana Punchame, a dalit leader complained about the alleged haughty behaviour on part of Ravichandra Naik, Mangalore tahsildhar against the dalits visiting the taluk office, SP said he could take up the matter with the deputy commissioner. \"The official, who is a public servant cannot act in a haughty manner against people who visit government office for various requirements and his behaviour against fellow dalits is condemnable,\" he said.Narayana also raised doubts about veracity of the caste certificate obtained by Naik.\"There is no photograph of his on the caste certificate issued at Sakkarepatna in Chikmagalur,\" he said adding that he had already lodged a written complaint with former DC NS Channappa Gowda.SP suggested that he bring this issue to the attention of the current DC N Prakash for Prakash might not be aware of such a petition.Vishwanath, a dalit leader from Bantwal said police are not taking action against traffic related violations committed by affluent people but target the ordinary citizens for the smallest of mistakes.Such affluent people also pull weight on the policemen on duty, he added.SP said, \"We have stopped the practice of going after people who abuse us while on duty, but do not spare those who have committed an offence and threaten the police,\" SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554879", "title": "3 arrested for murder in Press Complex area", "text": "INDORE: Three accused, including two minors, were arrested on Sunday for their alleged involvement in a murder that took place on Saturday night in the Press Complex Area. The main accused is still at large.Police have arrested three Ravi, 26, Rahul and Lucky, both 17-year-old. Sonu, the main accused is still at large.In night at 11 pm, Pintu Singh alias Mahesh, 24, son of Nirbhay Singh was allegedly killed by his three friends at a point blank range. The incident took place in the Shradhashree canteen.All four, including deceased and his friends hailed from Krishnabag Colony. Eye witnesses said all four came there fighting over some petty issue and entered the canteen. All of sudden, Sonu fired at point blank range on the victim. He shot at Pintu in his stomach.The canteen owner reportedly escaped from the scene after closing the canteen just after the incident. However, a scribe told the police about the incident and 108 Emergency. The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital where he breathed his last.MIG police in charge Ramnarayan Sharma said Pintu was killed over petty issue. All four were friend and drunk at the time of the incident. The police would soon arrest the main accused, Sharma said. Police have booked all the accused under the relevant section of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17552107", "title": "Oppn 'black paper' accuses govt of lying on irrigation facts", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-led opposition boycotted the traditional session-eve tea party hosted by the chief minister on Sunday, and released a 'black paper' to counter the state government's white paper on irrigation projects. Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse said the 32-page booklet to counter the 800-page government document on the subject was an attempt to expose the modus operandi of irregularities that the white paper conveniently glossed over.It made amply clear that the opposition would attack the Chavan government using the irrigation scam in the winter session of the state legislature beginning here on Monday. \"The chief minister has gone on record saying that Rs70,000 crore has gone down the drain, as only 0.1% additional irrigation capacity was created with it in the last decade, and that all was not well with the irrigation works. In fact, it was on our insistence that he agreed to come out with a white paper to specify what ails our irrigation plans,\" said Khadse.\"The government ignored our demand to identify those who messed up and doled out crores in cost escalations, mobilization advances and illegal tenders to contractors. The white paper conveniently ignored all irregularities and just pieced together statistics of the department. It is more an attempt to bail out former irrigation minister Ajit Pawar. Chavan, who had taken over the reins with a clear brief to curb corruption, is helpless under the severe pressure mounted by ruling partner NCP,\" thundered Khadse while briefing reporters.\"We will take on the government with full force. Half the ministers in Chavan government are facing serious corruption charges. The white paper on irrigation is misleading, as it fudges figures and makes wrong claims on costs compared to neighbouring states, which have created far more irrigation facilities with lesser funds,\" said Vinod Tawade, leader of opposition in state legislative council.Khadse, Tawade, Shiv Sena group leader Subhash Desai and Bala Nandgaonkar of the MNS were angry that the two-week session (with mere 10 working days) was too short to discuss vital issues facing the state. \"Besides irrigation scam, we want to take up other corruption scams in several departments. We also want a debate on the poor state of power supply and the government's failure to keep its promise of ending load shedding by December-end,\" said Khadse.The opposition is also eager to get the government to spell out relief measures to meet severe drought in parts of western Maharashtra and Marathwada , and the declining law and order situation in the state.\"We are boycotting the CM's tea party as we cannot sit with a government that has failed to check rampant corruption and paved way for reinstatement of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, accused of massive corruption in irrigation projects, \" said Khadse.Sena, MNS differ over no trust motionThe differences between the Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) came to the fore once again, when the later opposed the no trust motion being moved by the Sena.Soon after Sena leader Subhash Desai announced that the Sena would be moving a no-confidence motion against the government on irrigation scams, price rise and corruption, MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar said the move was \"grossly ill-timed\" and that his party would not support it, though it was part of the united opposition. \"Except the no trust motion, which we feel is not warranted at this stage, we are in agreement with all issues raised by the combined opposition,\" said Nandgaonkar. Peasants and Workers' Party leader Meenakshi Patil said they would support every strategy to corner the DF government.Later, leader of opposition Eknath Khadse said the no trust move of the Sena would be debated within the opposition combine and the timing would be finalized unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550316", "title": "Three policemen suspended for misbehaving", "text": "GURGAON: Three traffic policemen, including an inspector, have been suspended here for misbehaving with a senior district official during a traffic snarl on Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, a police official said.Inspector Suraj Prakash of Kherki Daula police station, assistant sub inspector Satbir Singh and another policeman were suspended for misbehaving and not cooperating with additional deputy commissioner (ADC) of Gurgaon K M Pandurang.\"The commuters were trapped in the traffic snarl but the response of some policemen on duty remained unfriendly,\" said Pandurang.\"The action was taken on disciplinary basis,\" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Ravinder Kumar Tomar. The ADC %was on his way to Pataudi via Manesar Friday afternoon for carrying out inspection of two private schools.He found the traffic blocked near Kherki Daula toll plaza on the expressway. After crossing toll near Shikohpur turning, %the traffic on Delhi to Jaipur stretch was also chocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555254", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram firm to supply E-toilets in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The E-toilets developed by Eram Scientific Solutions, which is based here, would soon be featured at the scenic valleys of Jammu &amp; Kashmir.A 2.5 tonne container, loaded with the E-toilet and STP components, would be leaving from Thiruvananthapuram to Jammu &amp; Kashmir on Monday. Chief minister Ommen Chandy would flag off the container at 8am from Cliff House. Earlier this year, the tourism director of Jammu &amp; Kashmir had approached Eram Scientific to design customized E-toilets that can function in sub-zero temperatures, even at -55 degrees. In order to make it functional even at extreme cold temperatures, military grade equipment have been used in the customized E-toilet model.\"The E-toilets for Jammu &amp; Kashmir region has been customized as per the J&K; tourism department's request. The E-toilets would be set up at Affarwat and Gulmarg. In addition to the E-toilets, specifically designed sewage treatment plants (STPs) would also be set up at Dal Lake to address its waste treatment woes,\" a press statement from the company said here on Saturday.The modified features include insulation of the mechanical structure with high density thermocol, poly form insulated water tanks to prevent water freezing, anti-freeze solution mixed water for flushing and floor washing, temperature-controlled water heater in the plumbing line of health faucet to provide mild hot water, temperature-controlled room heater, aero-tape insulations in all plumping lines, etc.Eram Scientific had recently received an RTTC grant (re-inventing the toilet challenge) of Rs 3 crores instituted by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551536", "title": "Mall fined for denying shop possession, stopping payment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failure of a private firm to give the possession of a shop, located in a multiplex, and stopping the assured monthly income as agreed till the possession is delivered to the complainant have been termed as a case of \"high-handedness\" by the state consumer disputes redressal commission, which imposed a fine of Rs 2,25,000 on the accused firm.The complaint was filed by Mohali resident Gurbir Singh, under Section 17 of the Consumer Protection Act against the manager of Paras Downtown Square in Zirakpur and against the registered office of the mall at Gurgaon.Complainant Gurbir's lawyer Rohit Dheer said Gurbir was lured by the opposition party to invest money and had therefore, agreed to purchase a shop in the mall for self. He paid the entire amount of Rs 79,84,200 going by the buyer agreement, that bound the opposition party to pay an assured sum of Rs 1,35,446 per month to Gurbir, which was paid from September 2008 to March 2010.\"Thereafter, they stopped paying the monthly amount and refused to give the possession of the shop,\" said Dheer.The opposition lawyer argued that under a certain clause of the builder-buyer agreement, the disputes between the parties are to be decided through arbitration and therefore, consumer forum had no jurisdiction to try the same.After listening to the arguments, the commission accused the opposition party of being deficient in its services and has directed it to deliver the possession of the premises of the shop to the complainant.Besides, till the shop comes under complainant's possession, the opposition party would pay him the assured sum of Rs 1,35,446 per month. The commission directed the company to pay a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the complainant for causing physical and mental harassment and for adopting unfair trade practices, apart from Rs 25,000 as litigation costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551462", "title": "UT needs `100crore for electricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The extra requirement of electricity during the peak of summer and winter seasons pushes the UT administration to spend extra funds from its budget on buying power as it does not generate its own power.While the Centre had allocated an annual budget of Rs 20 crore to the UT for power in March 2012, the revised estimates prepared by the administration have put up a demand of an extra about Rs 100 crore for electricity.\"Nearly 85% of the power budget of the city is spent on buying power and this is the case with most boards in the country,\" said M P Singh, superintending engineer, UT electricity department.The administration has sought over Rs 500 crore in the revised budget and besides electricity; a large chunk will be spent on buying fuel for the Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) fleet.Lately, the administration has been using most CTU buses on the local grid by cutting down the number of buses being used for long routes. Earlier this year, the Centre had allocated Rs 2,916.01 crore for Chandigarh with Rs 273.23 crore under the plan head and Rs 2,178.78 crore for its non-plan expenses during the current financial year.The funds for power will also be utilised for strengthening, upgrading and restructuring power distribution network by adding transformers at sub-stations in Manimajra, sectors-1, 2, 52, 34, 17, Sarangpur and Raipur Kalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552151", "title": "Canine show takes Madurai off its feet", "text": "MADURAI: The 17th and 18th 'All breeds championship dog show' organised by the Madurai Canine Club received a good response from competitors and the public as 194 dogs and a large number of spectators took part in the competition, here on Sunday.Unmindful of the hot weather that prevailed for the whole day, the competing dogs of various breeds from states including Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu took part in the competition and showcased their talents in front of two international juries, Jacqueline Ann Perry from Thailand and Dr Agus Wardhana from Indonesia.Pet dogs of various breeds, different colours and shapes took part in the competition, which was held at Gandhi Museum grounds. As many as 34 dog varieties including Chow Chow, Chinese Crested, Poodle toy and Poodle smooth were the new entries to the competition. The usual dog breeds such as Great Dane, German Shepherd, Labrador, Doberman, Pug, Rottweiler and British bulldog participated.Indian breeds including Rajapalayam, Chippiparai, Kanni, Caravan hound and Mudhol hound also took part in the competition. All the participants were divided into seven categories such as toy, terrier, hound, working hound, gun dog, utility and pastoral groups, said S K Bardhan, promoter secretary of the Madurai Canine Club.Jackqueline Ann Perry, talking about the dog selection criterion, said, \"Weightage would be provided for quality of breed, companionship and obedience to owner.\"In the 17th championship, a pug secured the best in-show certificate and trophy whereas a Doberman secured the second best. In the 18th championship, a Dachshund got the best in-show certificate and trophy followed by a German Shepherd, Bardhan said.Chihuahua, a dog breed from Mexico and the smallest of all, was a show-stopper. The dog, Victor, which is only 5.5 inches in height was the favourite of both adults and children, as a large number of people eagerly had a glimpse of it. R Manikandan, the dog's owner, said Victor had won several certificates in the best of breed category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551238", "title": "Meet by infrastructure task force today", "text": "KOLKATA: The task force on urban infrastructure that was set up by chief minister Mamata Banerjee recently to look into the problems of developers will hold its first meeting in the state assembly on Monday.The chief secretary and ministers and secretaries of the finance , industries and urban development departments are members of the task force and will report to the state cabinet committee on infrastructure.Representatives of the construction-builder community have also been invited to be a part of Monday's meeting for chalking out plans to develop urban infrastructure.Sources said the meeting could focus on the Urban Land Ceiling Act. Real estate firms have in fact been demanding that the act be abolished in the state, like in the entire country. The issue was raised at the Bengal Builds conclave and developers had said that it was acting as an obstacle to invest in real estate projects in Bengal.Besides, the problem of syndicate raj may also come up for discussion at the meeting. Mamata had earlier expressed her displeasure over such syndicates. Hidco authorities had also held meetings with police to crack down on the operators of these syndicates. But the problem continues to plague developers, especially in areas like Rajarhat New Town.In order to allow developers more built-up space, the state government is also planning to increase the floor area ratio (FAR). The issue of revising and increasing the FAR is under consideration in the state cabinet.The task force on urban infrastructure, that was announced by chief minister Mamata Banerjee for looking into the problems faced by developers while inaugurating the Bengal Builds conclave recently is scheduled to hold its first meeting on Monday in the state assembly.The ministers of finance, industries and urban development as well as the chief secretary and concerned department secretaries are members of the task force. Members of the construction-builder community are also being invited in the meeting to chalk out a plan for developing urban infrastructure. The task force would report to the state cabinet committee on infrastructure.Highly placed officials said that discussion could take place on the urban land ceiling Act. Real estate firms have been demanding that the Act should be do away with, as it has been abolished in the entire country and that Bengal was the only state to still have the Act. Developers said that the Act was acting as a major obstacle to construct big real estate projects in the state. The issue was raised at the Bengal Builds conclave.Also, discussions could be held on the syndicate raj that has been creating problems for developers, particularly in Rajarhat New Town. Recently, a syndicate trouble was again reported from the area. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier said that syndicate raj will not be tolerated by any means. Hidco authorities had earlier held a high level meeting with the police on the issue and the police had started operations to crackdown this syndicate raj, but the matter is still going on, particularly in Rajarhat where several multi storied buildingss are being constructed.The state government is also planning to increase the floor area ratio (FAR) to allow developers to have more build up space. Several highrise buildings are coming up in Rajarhat New Town and also in places in the Kolkata mteropolitan area surrounding the city. The issue of revising and increasing the FAR for the entire state is under consideration in the state cabinet and the proposal may be passed very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "by late afternoon on the final day of the bangalore literature festival (blf), the big top of this literary carnival had filled up with the best kind of audience any panel anywhere can wish for", "code": "17551155", "title": "New wave of Kannada lit mark final day", "text": "By late afternoon on the final day of the Bangalore Literature Festival (BLF), the big top of this literary carnival had filled up with the best kind of audience any panel anywhere can wish for: responsive, appreciative and enthusiastically engaged. It hung on to each word uttered on stage, sent up murmurs and cheers and even the occasional boo, and asked questions with equal parts wit and unselfconsciousness. At the end of the day, the audience was as big a part of this festival as the many big literary names that graced its stage; in spite of the groans that could be heard when anyone got up to say \"I don't have a question exactly but I want to make a comment...\", this reflected an urgent need among Bangaloreans to talk about ideas - and a paucity of the spaces in which they can do so.Take for instance the session with author Amish Tripathi , which was mainly given over to a tete-a-tete between the immensely popular writer of the Meluha series, The Immortals of Meluha and The Secret of the Nagas, and the audience. While many were taken by surprise by Amish's (he likes to be identified by his first name) erudition in the epics and Hindu scriptures, from which his books heavily borrow, the author was visibly exhilarated by the quality of the questions that came his way. After a spirited and nuanced discussion on the value of myths, their fluidity and the impossibility of locating an \"authentic version\" of any myth, Amish said: \"I'm loving these questions. For once, people want to discuss philosophy and concepts rather than advances and marketing and best-sellers.\"If the second day of the festival had seen a somewhat heavy emphasis on non-fiction writing, from biographies and memoirs to cricket and sports writing, the final day saw robust discussions on fiction and the art of storytelling. The day started with a discussion among contemporary Kannada authors on new waves in Kannada literature, and was followed by a lively debate between novelists Jahnavi Barua, Jaishree Misra, Shashi Deshpande and Tarquin Hall on whether fiction had lost its magic. The conclusion? That there will always be a need in humans for the kind of storytelling that only novels can provide - good crime fiction or high-quality romance literature, for instance - but that it is also time to make way for \"faction\". The lines between fact and fiction - in effect, between novels and techniques like narrative non-fiction - are always blurring.Another fiction discussion featured first-time authors Aroon Raman, Shefalee Vasudev, Sudeep Nagarkar, Vikrant Dutta and Bangalore's own Yasmeen Premji. Despite the wide disparity in the ages and experiences of the participating panelists, not to speak of their varied subject matters and writing styles, it was a productive conversation that would have been of immense help to the many aspiring writers in the audience in terms of tips for creating discipline in the writing process as well as the all-important question of finding a publisher and marketing your book.Punctuated by the sound of train whistles from nearby Cantonment Station - rather a quaint component of a festival that was heavily aided by technology - BLF ended a successful maiden outing with most people looking forward to its next edition. As Bengalis invariably say after each Durga Puja, \"Ashchhe bochhor abar hobe.\" It will happen again next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554414", "title": "Parents prepare for nursery admission", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of children above three years of age in the city are a busy lot these days. They are taking out time to hone their communication skills, appear presentable and are also spending more time with their kids. After all, it's admission time in nursery schools.With the admission process of pre-primary classes having already started in a number of schools in the city, parents are making a beeline to fill up sundry forms, attend interaction sessions and arrange income certificates.\"My daughter completes three years of age this year. Though she has been attending a prep school since the past one year, I am worried about her admission in nursery classes. Like metro cities, there is a heavy rush her too during admission time and it is really difficult to get a seat in a good school,\" said Srabani Mishra, a housewife.While most schools are conducting an informal interview with the child and parents, many schools interact only with the child. \"We don't conduct any interview with parents but talking to the child is very important as we get an idea about his or her knowledge. We choose the right class for the child accordingly,\" said Vimaljit Dua, principal of Ruchika Play School.\"Since most children have a play school exposure we don't assess them much. But we do prefer to talk to the parents to find out whether they are able to devote time for their kids. Due to both parents working these days, they get little time to spend with the kid,\" said director of Takshila School, Sikta Das.Ranjana Jha, a Montessori-trained teacher in a city school, advised parents to help their kids hold a pencil, learn clean toilet habits, learn a few alphabets of English and numbers 1 to 5 for easy entry into schools. \"We just give a toy or a ball to a kid and ask him or her to play. From the child's activity we can guess how smart the kid is and his or her level of understanding and exposure,\" she said.Parents, however, feel such interactions are just a fancier name for an interview. \"The criterion of selecting kids in different schools varies. While some schools seek income certificate of parents, others want to see qualifications of parents,\" said Ashutosh Sahu, who works with a multinational firm in the city.\"Securing admission for your child in a nursery school is indeed a herculean task. It is a testing time for parents, more than the kids,\" said a parent.Another parent, Surendra Jena, who finished a round of interview at a prominent school for his daughter's admission, said, \"We had an interaction with the principal, who quizzed us on our background, qualification, income and professional details. The child was asked to identify colours and tell parents' names.\"The admission fees at most of these schools range from Rs 10,000 to Rs 35,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17552288", "title": "Illegal parking chokes Coimbatore streets", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a scheme road developed as an alternate and congestion free route for motorists to cut across towards Trichy Road and reach Singanallur from Avinashi Road but every weekend the route becomes jam-packed with vehicles vying for space especially during the evening hours. The main reason for this traffic bottleneck is due to long winding line of vehicles parked alongside the road by customers of the adjacent mall on Avinashi Road. Though mall employees claimed they have adequate space, residents say they choose to park outside to avoid the parking fees and to save time. It is not only the inner scheme road that gets transformed into parking zones but also the main Arterial Avinashi road which is also used for parking by the mall customers.\"There have been instances when people park in front of our gate and we are unable to take our motorcycle out,\" said A Senthilkumar, a resident on the stretch.Traffic police constable posted on the stretch along Fun Republic Mall claimed he was totally helpless as motorists refuse to pay heed to police personnel and since there is a huge rush during the weekend it becomes very difficult to manage the traffic along this route. People continue to park along that stretch even though it has been demarcated as no parking zone by the city traffic police. The traffic congestion on the 40 feet scheme road is also choking the main junction on Avinashi Road.Interestingly, private players have also entered the parking zone and are making a killing as they are offering parking space at lower rates than the mall authorities. About 80 cents of plot adjacent to the mall has been converted into a parking space where Rs 10 is collected for two wheelers and Rs 20 for four wheelers for the first four hours.\"There is a huge rush during weekend and we can accommodate more than 400 vehicles in our compound,\" said K Karthikeyan, manager, parking ticket counter at the private parking space.According to S Vijayakumar, a businessman, the weekend traffic congestion was a major concern as the road is also connected to a private hospital and emergency vehicles could also get stalled due to congestion. \"Some steps should be immediately taken to decongest the route and also ensure proper parking space for the public,\" said Dr P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, CMCH.According to the mall authorities they had provided adequate parking space in the building with three underground levels of parking. They claimed that during weekends more than 80,000 people come to the mall including movie goers.\"We have adequate parking facilities in the building but customers are not parking inside. Our rates are also nominal as we charge Rs 10 for two wheelers and Rs 20 for four wheelers for the first two hours. We have space to park more than 2000 vehicles,\" said Sugunan Nair, Manager, Fun Republic Mall, Coimbatore.Meanwhile Coimbatore Corporation sources claimed that there were three basement parking levels inside the mall and on an estimate it could accommodate 750 two wheelers on each level and about 800 four wheelers.According to K Kathirmathiyon, Secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause, there was an urgent need for the government to ensure that such commercial structures provide adequate parking and also regulate parking fees that are being levied.\"We will take up the issue and ensure strict action at the earliest,\" said Pravesh Kumar, Deputy Commissioner (Traffic), Coimbatore City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551174", "title": "Uncertainty on campus after Patna HC order", "text": "PATNA: Uncertainty prevails in the universities after the Patna high court quashed the appointment of six vice-chancellors (VCs) and four pro-VCs.The governor-cum-chancellor, Devanand Konwar, who was in Delhi, returned to the state capital on Sunday. It is quite likely that the senior-most dean or professor of the university may be given the charge of the VC till further appointments are made.If the high court judgment is interpreted properly, it is quite clear that it is only the chancellor who is authorized to appoint VCs and pro-VCs as per the provisions of the state universities' Act. In fact, the appointment of VCs in the universities of Bihar has never been an easy task for the powers that be. There has always been a lot of hue and cry whenever these appointments are made in Bihar.Academicians feel that the ego clash between the two highest offices, the state government and the chancellor, and some 'vague' provisions in the university Acts - like VCs are to be appointed by the chancellor \"in consultation with the state government\" -- often lead to controversies.In the 1950s, the then chancellor, Zakir Hussain , had appointed Balbhadra Prasad as the VC of Patna University for the second consecutive term against the advice of Shree Krishna Sinha government. When the government sought the opinion of the then advocate general L N Singh, it was told that the chancellor's office is different from the governor's office and that in the university matters, he is not to act on the advice of the cabinet.Later, chancellor A S Ayangar refused to give extension for the second term to Bihar University VC P L Srivastava in spite of the education minister's insistence to do so. He also appointed Bisheshwar Prasad as the VC of Bhagalpur University without consulting the state government.Much later, chancellor Govind Narain Singh appointed VCs of as many as seven universities without consulting the state government. When much hue and cry was raised on these appointments, an inquiry committee, headed by Prof Paul, was set up by the Association of Indian Universities which found the chancellor's action \"arbitrary and vindictive\".Even chancellor Sunder Singh Bhandari did not see eye to eye with the state government and felt free to appoint VCs and pro-VCs without any consultation. In September, 2000, chancellor B C Pande discussed the issue of VCs' appointment with the state government but did not appoint even a single government nominee.Academics fail to understand as to what prevents the government from following the UGC guidelines and constituting a search committee for appointing men of integrity as VCs and pro-VCs who could really prove to be \"role models\" for the entire academic world. The UGC guidelines stipulate the formation of a search committee consisting of the representatives of the chancellor, the state government and the UGC for recommending a panel, says Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar working president K B Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17551076", "title": "5 held for using explosives for stone quarrying", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem police have arrested five people on charges of using large amount of explosives for stone quarrying activities at an allegedly illegal quarry at Bandoli, Dabhal, in an unauthorized manner.Police are on the lookout for more accused involved in the illegal activities.Babal Purushottam Dhotre, a resident of Xelvon, Curchorem, the quarry operator, who is among those arrested, was admitted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao after he complained of uneasiness. The other four arrested are: Roshan Mali from Guddemol, Sanvordem, Durgalal Meena, a native of Rajasthan and currently staying at Guddemol, Shakil Dayar, also a native of Rajasthan, and Somnath Basu Lagmani, a native of Bijapur.All five have been remanded in seven days police custody by the local court. The accused have been charged under Section 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance)of the IPC.Acting on a tip off that illegal quarrying was underway in the village at many places, the Curchorem police on Friday evening raided a stone quarry and found that explosives were placed at several places to facilitate quarrying operations. Police investigations revealed that the entire operations were being carried out in an unauthorized and clandestine manner, police sources informed.Altogether 80 pieces of explosives, including ammonium nitrate and electronic detonator, besides a tractor used for quarrying operations, were seized by the police during the raiding operation, Curchorem PI, Sidhant Shirodkar, informed TOI.Interrogations of the accused further led the police team to unearth a huge cache of explosives that were stored in a room in the village. The explosives were later defused by the bomb disposal squad, Curchorem police informed.The police are yet to ascertain from where the explosives were sourced. \"Investigations are underway and more accused are likely to be arrested soon,\" PI Shirodkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17555020", "title": "Uproar in Rajya Sabha over Wal-Mart lobbying disclosure; opposition seeks probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of FDI in retail came to haunt the government again in Parliament with a united opposition demanding an inquiry and reply from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on reports of Wal-Mart spending huge money to lobby for entry into the Indian market.Forcing two adjournments in the Rajya Sabha before lunch, members from BJP , CPM, CPI, SP, JD-U, Trinamool Congress, AGP and AIADMK said the measure should be withdrawn as \"corruption\" has come to fore now because lobbying is illegal in India.Raising the issue during Zero Hour, Ravishankar Prasad (BJP) said apprehensions were raised earlier also about Wal-Mart spending huge money to lobby for entering the Indian market, which has now been proved true.\"Wal-Mart has in its lobbying disclosure report to the US Senate said it has spent Rs 125 crore on lobbying and $ 3 million have been spent in 2012 itself for entering the Indian market.\"Lobbying is illegal in India. Lobbying is a kind of bribe. If Wal-Mart has said that hundreds of crores of rupees were spent in India, then it is a kind of bribe. Government should tell who was given this bribe. This raises a question mark on the implementation of FDI in retail,\" Prasad said.He was supported by members from other opposition parties with TMC leader D Bandopadhyay waving a newspaper report and CPM member P Rajeeve asking for an \"independent inquiry\" into the whole episode alleging that there are some reports saying Wal-Mart invested money even before FEMA was amended.\"This is bribery,\" he said as the opposition members shouted slogans in favour of withdrawing FDI.The opposition was reacting to media report that global retail giant Wal-Mart \u00e2\u20ac\u201d waiting for years to open its supermarkets in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had been lobbying with the US lawmakers since 2008 to facilitate its entry into the highly lucrative Indian market.Also read: All India Radia: K sera sera...?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551186", "title": "Nitish renews plea for special status", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has reiterated his demand for according special category status to Bihar in a memorandum submitted to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Kumar said the people of Bihar would be grateful if he (the PM) favourably considered the request for grant of special category status and other policy initiatives to enable the state to mitigate the persistent inequities.\"This will offer its people hope for a better life quality and gainful employment for its very young population. In rediscovering the new Bihar identity and pride, we wish to become partners, agents and contributors in India's growth momentum,\" said the memorandum presented by CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday last.Mentioning various aspects and discrepancies, the memorandum recalled that Bihar's per capita income was one-third of the national average and the shortfall was attributed to a massive deficit in central fund transfers compared to scale of transfer required for fiscal equalization. Even other key parameters of development like education, health, road density, per capita energy availability, level of industrialization, percentage of manufacturing in GDP and private investment are shockingly below the national average, the memorandum said and quoted a recent NIPFP study which said, \"At the present pace of high growth, it will take Bihar around 30 years to catch up with the average standard of living in the country.\"It mentioned that fund transfer awards by successive Finance Commissions and the Planning Commission have failed to ensure interstate fiscal equalization and Bihar has been one of the major victims of this as transfers to Bihar remain significantly below the national average. In addition to having the lowest per capita income, Bihar also has the lowest per capita spending on education, health, social and other economic services. The per capita development expenditure in Bihar is Rs 3,600 compared to the national average of Rs 6,100. The absolute gap in per capita development expenditure thus works out a staggering Rs 27,500 crore per annum for Bihar's population of around 110 million.The memorandum pointed out that the states accorded special category status have made significant development and are undoubtedly far ahead of Bihar's development indices in terms of per capita income, percentage of BPL and per capita consumption of electricity.\"There is no doubt that there are other similar backward states whose economic profile suggests that they are below the national average on key development parameters like high incidence of poverty, low per capita income, low levels of industrialization and poor level of social and physical infrastructure. These similar backward states deserve fresh policy initiative to overcome their backwardness and reach the national average on various development parameters in an acceptable time frame. The policy framework for mainstreaming all these backward states deserve urgent consideration and innovative response,\" the memorandum stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550658", "title": "4 daughters of farmer die in two hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: All four daughters of a farmer died within a span of two hours after dinner on Saturday night under mysterious circumstances. What prompted the police to look for clues to establish the real cause of death was that the family did not inform the police but cremated the four early in the morning on Sunday.The incident took place under Nizamabad police circle of Azamgarh where four daughters of Virendra reportedly took ill after dinner on Saturday night. According to Virendra, while he and his wife ate 'chokha baati', their four daughters had rice and cereals left over from lunch. \"They had dinner around 8 pm and started complaining of stomach ache and vomiting around 10 pm. By the time we could rush them to the doctor, they died in a quick succession,\" says Virendra. All the four were four to 11 years of age. CO Hirendra Kumar said since the family did not inform the police and went ahead with the cremation raises suspicion but the victim's father says he never got the chance to rush them to the hospital as everything happened fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550126", "title": "Man held for raping minor daughter", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police on Sunday arrested a 38-year-old man for allegedly raping his own 12-year-old daughter, a Std V student, three times in a night. He fled to Panipat the next day after learning that his wife and daughter had approached the police with a rape complaint. The incident took place on November 14.Accused Raghuveer Chavan was caught on December 9 when he alighted from a train at Andheri station. The police had been keeping a track of his movement through his mobile network location. Medical examination of the victim has confirmed that she was raped. Chavan, who is disabled (walks with a limp), will be produced in the Andheri magistrate court on Monday.The victim and her younger brother were at their chawl in Ashok Nagar, Powai, when the incident occurred. The victim's mother and three younger siblings had gone to their grandmother's house at Aarey Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17555949", "title": "AAP launches political campaign in Kannauj", "text": "KANPUR: Pro-Arvind Kejriwal and anti-corruption slogans reverberated in the nondescript Teramallu village of Kannauj on Sunday where Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) held its first rally. AAP was launched on November 26 at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.With an aim to set the agenda for AAP in UP, the rally took on issues that are plaguing farmers and the poor.Sanjay Singh, member of the national executive of AAP, addressed the farmers and said that they should fight for their rights. The main demands of the AAP are MSP of agriculture produce at par with present price index, reservation to farmers on the basis of economic status and less interest rate on farm loans. He warned to launch an agitation in this regard.\"We have to change the existing system in Indian politics and it could only be possible people will threw out these political parties and corrupt political leaders and give chance to AAP. You people will not get your rights till the corrupt leaders will remain as a part of the political system,\" he said.The villagers carrying Tricolours, waved anti-graft banners and shouted slogans against UPA government. They pledged their support to AAP.Groups of students also came out on the streets and raised slogans in support of Kejriwal.Slogans like 'Neeti dadlo, neta badlo rajneeti ka chehra badlo' ranted the air.Kaushal Yadav, a farmer, said these people are fighting against corruption and such initiative is the need of the hour. \"Corruption is one thing that affects everyone. We have come to support them,\" he said.AAP members are planning to hold awareness programmes in villages in the coming days. They will visit rural pockets to create awareness about strong Lokpal Bill.Omendra Bharat, a member of AAP said, \"We would go to every village and town in the state for the next one year to convince people against the vote bank politics of Congress, BJP and other parties. These parties, have only used people for votes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17555137", "title": "'Despite social networking, direct friendship holds on its own'", "text": "WASHINGTON: You are more likely to be friends with people living close to you despite the growing popularity of social media, according to data drawn from the location-based social network provider Gowalla .Research by the Social Cognitive Network Academic Research Centre (SCNARC), at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , also showed that people tend to move in groups of friends, and that two people chosen at random at a specific event (like a concert or at a particular store) are unlikely to be friends.\"The ramifications are extremely important because if we assume that people are moving randomly, we are wrong and, therefore, we will not be prepared for what people actually do,\" said Boleslaw Szymanski, director of SCNARC and professor of computer science at Rensselaer.\"Where you live really matters: Most of your friends are concentrated in the place where you live, and as the distance increases, this concentration rapidly drops,\" added Szymanski, reported the Proceedings of the 2012 IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Networks Analysis and Mining.The findings also indicate that, even in the digital age, humans still form friendships based on personal interactions, said Tommy Nguyen, Rensselaer graduate student and member of SCNARC, according to a Rensselaer statement.\"Even though, thanks to the internet, you can be friends with anyone on the planet, the likelihood that a person will be friends with someone in a distant location chosen at random is far lower than the likelihood that this person will be friends with someone who lives in close proximity,\" said Nguyen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "17549667", "title": "Government plans Gurgaon-Fbd monorail", "text": "FARIDABAD: The Haryana government is considering to introduce monorail between Faridabad and Gurgaon, which will further accelerate the pace of development in the area, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said on Sunday.The modalities of the project would be worked out, Hooda said addressing a rally here.Hooda also announced a bonanza of incentives for the people of Faridabad, which included construction of a road from Bata Chowk to B K Civil Hospital costing Rs 12 crore and rehabilitation of people living in slum areas after carrying out a survey in February 2013.In view of the problem of shortage of power supply in the state, the CM said soon 20 to 22 hours uninterrupted power supply would be provided to all cities and villages of Haryana.Hooda said that efforts were being made to extend the Metro Rail line up to Ballabhgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550872", "title": "Cops bust gang stealing from cars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The crime branch has busted a gang of burglars that specialized in stealing valuables from parked cars. The cops have recovered a large consignment of stolen goods. Two members of the gang have been arrested while two others - including a juvenile - are abscondingPolice inspector Bhavesh Roziya had received a tip-off that some people staying in Sardarnagar were involved in burglaries from inside cars. The gang used to break car windows to grab the loot. Police sub-inspector R I Jadeja was sent to probe the matter.Close to Indira Bridge in Hansol, Jadeja stopped an autorickshaw. Ritesh Garange, 24, and Sumit Gasi, 19 - residents of Chharanagar in Surendrangar - were inside. The duo had a laptop but could not establish the gadget's ownership. Jadeja and his team then brought the two to crime branch for questioning. \"They then confessed that they had stolen the laptop,\" said a crime branch official. \"The two have confessed to nine offences which include stealing electronic gadgets and valuables from cars, and chain snatching.\"The modus operandi of this gang was the two along with two other accomplices - Dipak Garange and a minor boy - used to travel extensively in their autorickshaw in western Ahmedabad during the day. The autorickshaw used to be parked right beside the car which was being targeted. While three members of the gang got busy breaking the car's window and getting the valuables from inside, the remaining stood guard near the autorickshaw which was parked in such a manner that it prevented passersby from spotting the burglars at work.The cops have recovered two laptops and two mobile phones stolen from parked cars in Ghatlodia and a ventilator worth Rs 3 lakh from a doctor's car in Naranpura. \"A little more than 45 days back Ritesh had returned to the city after being booked under Pasa,\" said a city crime branch official.Vehicle thief arrestedIn an operation, police inspector of crime branch R R Sarvaiya arrested Firoz Shaikh, 30, and seized two stolen scooters from his possession. Shaikh has confessed that he had stolen the vehicles from Maninagar and Paldi. In order to keep the cops guessing, Shaikh used to park the stolen vehicles away from his house, adjacent to garbage dumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550399", "title": "Power supply to 7 sectors to improve by February", "text": "NOIDA: In order to lessen outages in seven prime sectors of Noida, power will now be supplied to them from the 220KV substation in Sector 62. At present, supply is given through five 33KV substations which draw electricity from smaller capacity substations located in Sectors 45 and 20.UPPCL officials said outages to Sectors 1, 2, 6, 9, 15, 16 and 16A would be greatly reduced once they begin receiving supply from the 220KV substation. Work on laying down underground cables to link the five 33KV substations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d located in Sectors 1, 6, 6A, 16 and 16A \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with the Sector 62 substation has already begun. \"The cabling work is expected to get completed by February next year,\" said an official.Officials said that power situation in Noida will be improved by reducing load on the 132KV substations. \"As a large number of sectors are being fed power from these two substations, outages are frequent due to increase in load,\" said a UPPCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new york/san francisco", "code": "17553663", "title": "Google, Apple team up to buy Kodak's 1,100 patents for $500 million", "text": "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO: Apple and Google have joined forces to offer more than $500 million to buy Eastman Kodak's patents out of bankruptcy, said people familiar with the situation.The two companies, competing for dominance of the smartphone market, have partnered after leading two separate groups this summer to buy some of Kodak's 1,100 imaging patents, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.Unlikely partnerships are typical in patent sales because they allow competitors to neutralise potential infringement litigation. A group including Apple, Microsoft and Research in Motion bought Nortel Networks' more than 6,000 patents for $4.5 billion out of bankruptcy last year. Google lost the auction for those patents after making an initial offer of $900 million.\"Apple and Google learned a lesson from Nortel's auction,\" said Richard Ehrlickman, former vice-president of Intellectual Property at International Business Machines and president of IP Offerings, a patent brokerage and consulting company in Boca Raton, Florida. \"They have decided to come together in this process to reduce the cost of purchasing the Kodak patents, while meeting their business needs.\"The Apple-led group pursuing Kodak's patents included Microsoft and Intellectual Ventures Management as of July, the people said, while Google's partners included patent- aggregation company RPX and Asian makers of Google's Android phones. The two groups had separately offered less than $500 million for Kodak's portfolio. They now teamed up to offer more together, said two of the people.Niki Fenwick, a spokeswoman for Mountain View, California-based Google, said the company doesn't comment on rumor or speculation. Christopher Veronda, a spokesman for Rochester, New York-based Kodak, declined to comment on the patent sale, citing a court-ordered confidentiality agreement. Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Cupertino, California-based Apple, declined to comment.Kodak obtained commitments for $830 million exit financing last month, contingent on its sale of the digital-imaging patents for at least $500 million. The patents for sale relate to the capture, manipulation and sharing of digital images. Kodak is selling them to fund a turnaround after seeking Chapter 11 protection in January. At the same time, it's pursuing a plan to shrink the company and focus less on photography and more on commercial, packaging and functional printing and enterprise services.In court documents, Kodak has said the patents may be worth $2.21 billion to $2.57 billion, based on an estimate by patent advisory firm 284 Partners LLC. Kodak said it has generated more than $3 billion in revenue by licensing some of the digital- imaging patents to users, including Samsung , LG, Google's Motorola Mobility unit and Nokia. \"The portfolio is actually worth much less because it has been widely licensed,\" Ehrlickman of IPofferings said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17551153", "title": "You can now pay your water bills online", "text": "BANGALORE: Paying your water bills has now become a click-of-the-mouse affair. All that you have to do is to go to the home page of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB), register yourself and pay your bill though any bank payment gateway.The BWSSB initiative comes in the wake of the utility's desire to spare its consumers the trouble of queuing up before its counters or going in search of its kiosks.The initiative also upgrades the webpage from a link talking about the history and laws of the water board to a live interface between consumers and the utility by enabling lodging of complaints, forwarding suggestions, contacting jurisdictional engineers and accessing information on water consumption and demand, new connections, borewell and previous water bills.The website will have a range of information to benefit consumers. It will give a detailed schedule of date and timings of water adalats and grievance redressal meetings at service station levels, installation of rain water harvesting system, list of trained plumbers, the location of the nearest kiosks where you can pay bills, contact details of local engineers and a list of 110 villages which will get water through the Cauvery stage 4 phase 2.What will happen to your complaints, feedback and suggestions? These will be accessed by superior officials including the chairman himself. Aspiring consumers can download applications for fresh water and sanitary connections.The website is also armed with maps that help you to know your jurisdictional authorities.QUOTE\"We want more and more people to use the tools on our website so that they benefit by a range of our services at the mere click of the button. The system is transparent. They can view six previous bills paid too. We will soon start SMS alerts and also mail alerts to registered consumers.\"Gaurav Gupta, chairman, BWSSBWHERE TO GOGo to bwssb.org to avail a range of services including online payment of BWSSB bills", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550215", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal hunt for star comes to naught", "text": "The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) led by NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal abandoned its search for a brand ambassador after it found that either there was no response from the celebrities or their conditions were tough to accept.After superstar Amitabh Bachchan accepted the assignment for Gujarat, the Centre chose actor Aamir Khan as its brand ambassador. Bhujbal too launched a massive search for a brand ambassador for the MTDC. After a two-year search, the MTDC shortlisted cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, actors Madhuri Dixit, Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan. Bhujbal believed that since all of them are born and brought up in Mumbai, it would not be a difficult task to pursue them to accept the assignment.Bhujbal's first choice was Tendulkar. Initially, top officials were pressed into service to interact with Tendulkar. When there was no response, Bhujbal stepped in to knock at his doors. However, Tendulkar did not even acknowledge his letters. The MTDC then turned to Dixit. The assignment was given to a veteran bureaucrat in the tourism department who was confident that he could rope in the actor. After several rounds of talks with Dixit's staff, the MTDC found that it was not possible for them to accept her terms.While Roshan was unable to give dates due to his busy schedule, the idea of appointing Salman was dropped in view a series of criminal cases pending against him. According to a bureaucrat, this shows that the state government has little clout, particularly when the MTDC was unable to find a brand ambassador in a city like Mumbai, which has given name and fame to several artistes.Memorial woesCivic chief Sitaram Kunte and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan are undecided over the removal of a makeshift memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park, even as the deadline set by the BMC ended a week ago. When mayor Sunil Prabhu and MP Sanjay Raut approached the BMC for a special permission for cremation at Shivaji park, a meeting was convened by Chavan to consider the proposal.Senior bureaucrats and IPS officials had warned Chavan that if the permission was given, then the Shiv Sena's next move would be to construct a permanent memorial at the site that could lead to an embarrassing situation for the CM. Then, Chavan took the view that if the Sena's demand is not accepted, then it could result in a law-and-order problem. If a senior bureaucrat is to be believed, then the BMC had drafted a plan for the removal of the temporary structure on the third day after the cremation.However, the BMC was told to postpone the action after the Sena gave an assurance that it would remove the structure. Subsequently, the BMC tried to remove the structure, but on all three occasions, it was told to call off the demolition plan on the grounds that it would create a law-and-order problem across the state, following an aggressive stand taken by the Sena. Now it appears that unless DGP Sanjeev Dayal and police chief Satya Pal Singh clear the proposal from the point of law-and-order, Chavan will not risk removing the structure.Tipping informersAt a juncture when Naxalites have stepped up their violent activities in Gadchiroli and Gondia districts, home minister R R Patil has sanctioned a paltry sum of Rs 10 lakh to law-enforcing agencies to pay their informers. Alarmed by sudden spurt in the activities of left-wing outfits in 2001, the Centre drafted an ambitious police modernization plan, especially in Naxal-infested areas.It was pointed out that besides procuring advanced equipment and weapons, the state government should strengthen its intelligence network, fill up vacant posts and concentrate on completion of developmental works in a timely manner. Between 2001 and 2012, several meetings were held at the level of the PM, Union home minister and chief minister for drafting a comprehensive action plan to tackle the Naxal movement.A month ago, when the situation was reviewed in Gadhchiroli and Gondia districts, it was found that key posts in the most-sensitive areas were vacant for a period ranging between three and 10 years, while major developmental works were abandoned long back. Shockingly, it was found that the information-gathering network had completely collapsed owing to paltry funds. If the government is serious, then there should be no restriction and limit on the funds for the informers, says a senior IPS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550677", "title": "Saviours turn victims: UPcops on criminals radar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Police, one the largest police force in the world, finds itself vulnerable on the home turf. Meant to ensure law and order, the khaki clad, on the contrary, have become the main targets of criminals and lumpen elements. Since the Samajwadi party came to power in UP in March this year, there have been more than two dozen instances of attacks on cops.The peculiar situation is also worrying for the SP government which had promised a better law and order during the assembly elections.With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav giving repeated assurances of improved law and order, UP cops have an uphill task on their sleeves. But they also know the change will not come overnight. \"This is not about UP alone,\" said former state DGP KL Gupta. \"A Punjab police officer was shot dead in Amritsar recently when he objected to lewd remarks made at his daughter. An officer of the Delhi Police was critically wounded in an attack by suspected robbers near Ghaziabad border on Saturday night. A sub-inspector was shot thrice in Meerut when he tried to discipline a group of students. I believe that the overall deterioration in moral standards of the society is to be blamed for this, but that does not absolve the police of the responsibility to check this menace,\" Gupta said.ADG Law &amp; Order and Crime Arun Kumar admitted that the police too are responsible for such incidents and added that strong measures need to be put in place to check such incidents. \"Since UP has the largest police force in the country it stands out among the rest as the number of such incidents in the state are sure to be greater that that of any other smaller force,\" ADG said. The statistics also support the ADG's claim to a large extent. At least two police officers have been shot dead and a dozen others injured in such attacks reported in the past nine months in UP. The statistics of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) suggest that Punjab and Delhi are among the top 10 states where maximum complaints are lodged against the police.In 2011, Punjab received total 5,767 complaints, out of which in departmental action was initiated on 2,057 complaints. In 142 complaints FIRs were lodged out of which 73 saw penal action while 25 were charge-sheeted. In UP, 11,971 complaints were received out of which action was initiated in 9,191 complaints. As many as 2,768 complaints were found false. The Delhi Police has poor record with 12,805 complaints reported in 2011 out of which departmental action was initiated on 532 complaints while 395 were dismissed as unsubstantiated.\"The irony is that none of the parties involved in such issues was trying to focus on the real cause leading to such gory crime. Political parties will use such situations to settle scores with their rivals; the media too mostly tends to tow the same line and point fingers at the police. The result is that the real cause is left unaddressed and the situation continues to worsen,\" said Dilip Misra, a psychologist who recently returned to his native state (UP) after pursuing a career in counseling in de-addiction programme in the US.But the political parties do not agree. \"The situation is worse than ever before. They promised special economic zones (SEZ) to boost the economy but they have only turned it into a SCZ (special crime zone),\" said BJP leader Kalraj Misra. \"We raised the issue in the Vidhan Sabha but the government does not appear interested in improving the situation,\" he added. Senior Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader Swami Prasad Maurya said the SP government is living up to its image and history. \"They have done it earlier and are doing it again. The irony is that in the BSP regime, the accused in such cases were treated as criminals, but the SP government treats them as party workers,\" Maurya said.ADG Arun Kumar denied that the police top brass was not initiating action against cops for their conduct and the criminals. \"If you say that complaints against police are not attended by the top brass then let me tell you that as on date 298 police personnel are in jail under various charges, from allegations of murder, rape, extortion and assault to negligence in discharge of duties. I am not saying that nothing more has to be done, but I am confident that in no other state penal action has been initiated in such a large count,\" Arun Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17553438", "title": "PCB to get Lorgat as consultant for PPL", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board has succeeded in convincing former ICC CEO Haroon Lorgat to become a consultant for its Twenty20 Premier League scheduled for next year.A in the Board told PTI that after discussions, the PCB has convinced Lorgat to help them as a consultant/advisor on the PPL.\"Although nothing has been signed or sealed as yet but the PCB has roped in Lorgat and want to use his expertise in not only organising the PPL but also convincing international teams to resume playing in Pakistan,\" the source said.He said under the agreement, when it is finalised, Lorgat will spend a few days of each month at the board headquarters in Lahore.\"Lorgat in his capacity as former ICC CEO is well respected in the cricket world and the PCB believes his input can help them organise the PPL successfully,\" the source said.Lorgat had also recently visited Lahore for a day to meet with the board Chairman and chief operating officer.Meanwhile, the board has also spoken to some sports management companies, including two from India, to provide expertise for the league which is tentatively planned for late March in 2013.\"Although the board has also given a advertisement inviting interested companies/individuals who have previous experience of organising T20 and other leagues internationally in cricket and other sports to submit their CVs by December 10, the board has also directly been speaking to some companies including two from India,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550325", "title": "Metro set to dip underground at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Metro rail construction work have reached closer to the airport. Work will soon begin to cut a trench by the side of GST Road where the line will go underground as it crosses the flight path to the secondary runway.The Saidapet-Little Mount-airport elevated line that will deviate into the airport campus after Officers Training Academy (OTA) will run below the surface for more than 400 metres in front of Trident Hotel to prevent it from becoming an obstacle to flights landing on the secondary runway. Machines have moved in and the old perimeter wall of the airport is being demolished.\"The old perimeter wall will be removed and the land will be levelled to begin trench work. The stretch will not be as deep as tunnels bored for underground corridors,\" said a senior metro rail official. The line was earlier planned to be elevated, but it was later changed after the Airports Authority of India objected to it. An extra 50 crore will be spent to take the line below the surface along this stretch.Building the line from OTA to airport is a challenging task, next only to building the line over Kathipara flyover, because of its peculiar alignment. The line zigzags along GST Road, veers off the road for a brief stretch and then gets back into the middle of the main road. It will also have to be built by the side of the flyover before the airport to connect it to the metro's airport station.\"Piers and open foundations are being made on the OTA - airport stretch of the line. Construction of cut-and-cover ramps are also in progress along the stretch where ever it is necessary,\" the officer said. The construction includes open foundations and ramps because spans will have to be installed over pillars of uneven height.Metro rail's elevated line has come up in a big way along Guindy and GST Road as works are progressing at a brisk pace on the Little Mount - OTA stretch. Twenty nine spans and 99 pillars need to be installed to complete the line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551517", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcQueasiness about sex stems from overdose of voyeurism\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Filmmaker Dibakar Banerjee is not too fond of euphemisms. A sex scene, for him, isn't one where the hero and heroine roll on the bed between white sheets as a Vishal-Shekhar-composition plays in the background. It is one where the hero goes to a hospital, finds out he has HIV, yet returns and has sex with his girlfriend. This scene, \"which makes you want to know what happened next\", perfectly set the tone for a discussion titled 'Sex, Lies aur Dhakka'.Moderated by social commentator Madhu Jain, panelists Banerjee, director of Love, Sex aur Dhoka, sex counsellor Mahinder Watsa and media personality Pritish Nandy concluded that Indian society's queasiness on the subject of sex and a palpable viewer fatigue resulted from the overdose of voyeurism in the media.Banerjee, who finds the heightened sexual imagery in advertising disturbing, asked Watsa about pornography. \"Every man has his prestige wrapped around his penis,\" said Watsa, adding many marriages crumble due to the addiction to porn. He spoke of the head of a Marwari joint family, who would confiscate the laptops of his four sons who watched porn on them. \"He would keep the laptops in his room after 6pm,\" said Watsa.When Madhu Jain asked why Bollywood actors were bad kissers, Banerjee dismissed it as a consequence of nascency. At this point, Nandy decided to bring up the censor board's attitude. \"In Chameli, the board wanted us to cut many scenes. They even had a problem with Kareena playing a prostitute,\" said Nandy, adding the mentality of the board was \"if you shut your eyes, everything will go away.\"The panel described the relationship among 40-somethings on screen as primarily puppy love. Veteran actor Nasser Abdullah, who was in the audience, asked the panel why films didn't show people his age getting intimate. \"Footfalls,\" answered Banerjee.But the clincher came when an audience member asked Watsa about the man who kept his sons' laptops in his room. \"What happened to his sex life?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554734", "title": "DAVV to hold examination as per schedule", "text": "INDORE: While the on-going strike by non-teaching staff of universities in the state has forced the administration to postpone all the remaining semester examinations starting from December 10, the officials of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) have reiterated that it will conduct examination as per the schedule as decided earlier.Public Relation Officer of DAVV, Dr Mansingh Parmar, said, \"We will organize semester examination as per the schedule. We are not going to postpone examination.\" He said that university is prepared to tackle all kinds of administrative work required during the conduct of examination.Other state universities postponed examination as question papers did not reach to the test centres due to ongoing strike of university employees in state. Meanwhile, employees have refused to budge and are adamant to remain on strike until their demands, including medical allowance, pension and regularization are met. \"The strike will continue until our demands are met,\" said Rakesh Yadav, general secretary, Non-Teaching Employee Association, DAVV.The employees on Thursday had tried to sort out the issue, but to no avail. The university employees went on an indefinite strike on December 3, demanding implementation of their 12-point indent, relating to pension, promotion and regularisation. Moreover, the officers of the DAVV will go on an indefinite strike from December 11, who are on token strike from December 5, demanding revised pay scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550508", "title": "School book revision on the cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Council of Education Research and Training (SCERT) is designing books which will have lessons on traffic rules, soft skills and etiquette training also, officials said. While the textbooks will be designed in the coming year, they will be available for students from Class VI to IX starting academic year 2014-15, they said.Textbook revision is happening in the state after a gap of two years. While the state board so far has been maintaining a clear distinction from national board syllabi including that of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE), the new textbooks will have additional portions similar to that of these boards.The changes will be evident in subjects including Basic Sciences and Social Science. In high school classes History and Civics will have additional lessons, SCERT officials informed.\"Syllabus revision is required to maintain educational standards in classrooms. We are not modeling the syllabus completely on national boards as state board should have a distinct curriculum for its students. However, in some areas where we are falling behind, additions in portions will be made,\" said T A V Tulasi Ramu from the department of Math and Science Education, AP-SCERT.The textbooks will also have additions in English language and literature section. SCERT is planning to up the standards a little in the language session as there have been demands to include more of prose and poetry in the same. \"Students of schools where Telugu is the medium of instruction will also have a bit more of English studies than what is currently prescribed,\" said an official.While the curriculum revision aims at improvement in the quality of education, it is also directed towards including fictional learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17555805", "title": "NFR expedites manning of level crossing gates", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) has expedited the manning of railway level crossing gates under its jurisdiction to ensure safety of commuters. Apart from the northeast, West Bengal and Bihar also falls under the NFR's jurisdiction. Of the 1,904 level crossings under the NF R in five NE states, Bihar and West Bengal, 938 are still unmanned.\"Last year, the NFR manned 118 level crossings. We have nearly accomplished the target of converting 75 unmanned level crossings to manned ones in the five northeastern states, Bihar and West Bengal this year,\" said Nripen Bhattacharyya, public relations officer of the NF Railways. \"There are 966 manned level crossings under the NF Railway at present. But 938 railway level crossings are yet to be manned,' said a top railway official.Bhattacharyya said there are 553 manned level crossings at present in Assam while the number of unmanned level crossing in Assam is 485. \"The NF Railway presently has 282 manned level crossings and 347 unmanned level crossings in West Bengal and 116 manned and 98 unmanned level crossings in Bihar. Next to Bihar, we have 12 manned level crossings and eight unmanned level crossings,\" he added.In Manipur and Mizoram, the NF Railway has only one level crossing. While the only level crossing in Manipur has been manned, the railway level crossing in Mizoram remains unmanned. However in Nagaland, both the railway level crossings under the jurisdiction of the NF Railway are manned.Sources in the NF Railway said that manning of the 167 railway level crossings in the Darjeeling-Himalayan section of the NF Railway is not feasible due to the hilly terrain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551071", "title": "Colleagues fear about the RJs' mental health", "text": "LONDON: The bosses at King Edward VII Hospital, which recently fell victim to a hoax call from an Australian radio station regarding Duchess Kate's acute morning sickness, have labeled the prank as \"truly appalling\".Lord Glenarthur, the chairman of King Edward VII Hospital, accused the radio that made the call of causing the \"humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses\".Southern Cross Austereo has expressed concerns about the mental health of '2Day FM' presenters following global condemnation after Jacintha Saldanha's death on Friday, the Australian Associated Press reported on Sunday.The pair is on indefinite leave from the radio station, and has been bombarded with abusive and threatening messages on social media websites. They could even face extradition on a charge of murder. Rhys Holleran, chief executive of Austereo, said there were real fears for the pair following the tragedy and ensuing backlash.\"Everyone who knows Mel fears for her mental state,\" he said about one of the presenters. \"There are very real fears she could self-harm, and nobody wants that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17555943", "title": "Citizens display patriotism, old age, disability notwithstanding", "text": "KANPUR: Patriotism surged to a new high on Sunday during the national anthem world record attempt, as individuals with visual and other physical impairments reached Green Park stadium to participate in the feat.Friends Amit Saxena and Sandeep Singh, both visually impaired, were overwhelmed with excitement as they joined the sea of people attempting the historic spectacle. While Amit takes singing classes, Sandeep is studying in class VI in Aandh Vidyalaya. The presence of the duo did much to energise the other participants of the mega event.Talking to TOI, Amit Saxena said that both had a tough time in entering the stadium due to the rush, but once inside, it was an experience like never before.Parade resident Rizwan Baig, who is physically handicapped, also reached Green Park stadium along with his friends and family to sing the national anthem. \"It was the best experience of my life, singing Jana Gana Mana with so many people around. We will surely set the record,\" said Rizwan.If physical handicap was not a constraint, nor was old age. Mohd Sabir, 75, a resident of Parade was witnessed zealously waving the tricolour after standing in a long queue for singing the national anthem. \"I know age is not on my side, but I could not stop myself,\" said Sabir with a smile on his face.On the other hand, Geetika, just four years of age, was a centre of attraction for those who had come to participate in the event. The little girl had been dressed up by her father in tri-coloured clothes. Geetika's father said the entire family waits for such events. \"It was a great event today,\" he said.Those who participated also included seers and Muslim clerics. \"One must stand for the country when it beckons. I read in the newspaper about the attempt, and decided to reach Green Park Stadium. We will surely defeat Pakistan and make a new record,\" said Acharya Vidur Pandey while talking to TOI.A Sikh family residing in Govind Nagar was also in high spirits. Gurudeep Singh, Simran Kaur, Harmeet Kaur, Gurjinder Singh, Gagandeep Singh, Achint Singh, Dilpreet Singh, Gurukirat Singh and Mahekpreet Kaur, were all draped in the tricolour. While men donned it in their turbans, women wore tricoloured dupattas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555281", "title": "Hindu's emigration co lured and abducted youths", "text": "BHOPAL: The leads to Hindu Singh Yadav and his gang's operation from Madhya Pradesh came to light after Patiala-based, Mukul Shukija, lodged a complaint with the state police. DIG Asha Mathur, told TOI, he was called to Indore on the pretext of sending him abroad.As Mukul reached Indore, he was kidnapped by the 'most wanted' Hindu Singh and Roop Singh. They administered him sedatives and kept him hostage at a house in Biaora.Using call-forwarding facilities on internet, they forced Mukul to speak to his family members. Mukul was asked to tell his family members that he had reached Canada and was keeping well. As the country code that displayed on their phone was of Canada, the family members believed him.The accused forced Mukul to ask his family to give Rs 5 lakh as second installment of their total payment for providing job abroad. Rajbir send his accomplices, who collected the money from Mukul's family.The scam continued, as they forced Mukul to call up two of his friends in Punjab and tell them that he had reached Canada. Two of his friends, Happy from Khanna and Rinku, who too were interested in a job in Canada, were called to Indore and were kidnapped. The gang collected Rs 6.5 lakh and Rs 14.5 lakh, respectively, from their families too.\"Mukul somehow managed to escape from the custody of his abductors and informed us of his ordeal. Our team swung into action and rescued the hostages. Six of the accused including Hindu's close accomplice Rajbir were arrested,\" said the DIG adding that this gang was operating across the country and had lured several youths promising a job abroad.All of them were charged under relevant sections of abduction and forgery. A hunt is on for Hindu Yadav and his three accomplices who managed to escape the raid. The accused disclosed Hindu Yadav's criminal background including seven criminal cases against members of the gang in Kolkata, two in Kathmandu , two in Punjab and three in Bhopal . Rajgarh police approached the state ATS in wake of the international ramification in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17550330", "title": "Living a suburban nightmare", "text": "The icing is perfect, it is just the cake that isn't ready yet. Residents of apartment complexes along Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR) say that while life in the suburbs is supposed to be cleaner, cheaper and more relaxed, reality isn't as pretty as the postcard.\"While the complex may have everything an owner wants - from swimming pools to landscaped gardens - for a person working in the city, the commute is draining both physically and financially,\" says software engineer A Kumar, who moved out of Lancor's Central Park back into the city. \"If you are not a house-owner, you will have to pay `35 a day just on the toll,\" he says.There are no public transport options other than buses, and most of them do not ply on the inside roads. \"My fuel bills are up 40% from when I was living in the city,\" he adds. While the MTC recently announced four new routes along the OMR stretch, residents feel it is still not enough.Also, with basic amenities such as electricity, sewage and garbage disposal, and drinking water supply still not in place in some complexes, residents say costs for all these basic services are on the rise. \"As we are outside the corporation limits, we have to figure out what to do with the garbage and sewage,\" says a member of the Mantri Synergy Residents Association. These residents have created a YouTube channel airing their grievances about living along the OMR. For 750 apartments, the association spends every month `8 lakh on diesel for the generators owing to the power cuts, `8 lakh on drinking water, `4 lakh on sewage disposal and around `1.5 lakh on garbage disposal.Cost of employing maids and drivers is 20% more in the area than in the city, say residents. K Krishnan, a resident milk costs `4 more a packet than in the city, however, urban planners say that people moved to the suburbs knowing that they are getting affordable housing options partly because the amenities are not yet in place.T Chitty Babu, chairman and CEO, Akshaya Homes, says that in areas such as OMR where the rate of development in terms of housing is growing more rapidly than infrastructure, builders need to ensure the residential complexes are self-sustaining. \"A developer only has control within the premises and needs to provide sewage treatment plants and rainwater harvesting to make the complex a selfsustaining unit,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549590", "title": "South Delhi primary schools to hire guards for girls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private security guards are to be deployed at the gates of civic agency-run primary schools in the city to tackle rising incidents of harassment and molestation of girl students, an official said.\"We plan to deploy private security guards from government-approved agencies in the primary schools by next academic session after several cases of molestation came to our notice,\" Manish Gupta, commissioner of south Delhi corporation said.The guards would be deployed at the 548 primary schools \u00e2\u20ac\u201d till Class 6 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the areas under south Delhi corporation. The girls are between the ages of 5-13 and too young to tackle criminals. \"The deployment will be done in phases, and will cover every school under the SDMC area. The yearly cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 1 crore,\" he added.According to Gupta, several complaints were received from the parents regarding rising incidents of molestation outside the school. Due to this, many parents stopped sending their children to the school. We are taking this step in order to draw the girl students back, he added.\"Men loiter outside the schools and try to molest and harass girls... some even follow them...,\" said the mother of a 12-year-old girl who lives in Khanpur. If the project is successful, it would be replicated in the schools falling under the other 3 municipal corporations, the official added.\"The security guards will be hired from private security agencies on contract basis and they will keep an eye on the girls entering and leaving the school. If required, they will also escort the girls to their houses,\" added Gupta.Satish Upadhyay, chairperson of the SDMC's education committee, welcomed the move. \"We want to ensure fool proof security for the girl students. The security guards will be hired from government approved security agencies,\" Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17551192", "title": "Cover for road contractors in Red zone", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to motivate contractors to take up road construction in left wing extremism (LWE) affected districts, the Centre has decided to provide insurance cover to the men and machines deployed at sites.The highways ministry issued this notification after it found that contractors were not showing any interest in the troubled zones since there was a fear of equipment being damaged and employees getting attacked.There have been instances like the burning of equipment and even the contractor getting killed by Naxals in Malkangiri district in Odisha in October, vehicles being burnt in Kanker in Chhattisgarh in March and also in Dumka and Simdega areas in Jharkhand in the past few years to drive away contractors so that there is no fresh road work.A senior ministry official said the insurance premium would be paid by the highways ministry. The circular, listing several relaxations to push road work in areas where bidders are showing no interest, said, \"The premium of insurance is to be charged with project cost estimate and to be met out of the contigencies/work charged establishment.\"The relaxation of bidding norms for projects in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha, Maharashtra and MP allows smaller and local players in these areas to qualify for projects.The decision was taken after the delay in award and implementation of LWE projects due to poor response of bidders was discussed at a meeting in July under the chairmanship of special secretary (internal security) in the home ministry. The circular based on the committee's recommendation states that the tendering guidelines may be relaxed on the \"lines of PMGSY (Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojna) so as to facilitate tendering process and early completion of road packages\".Another major intention of the government behind this relaxation is to allow the successful contractor to sub-contract non-mechanized/non-bituminous work including earthwork.There are projects like the one in Odisha costing Rs 45 crore which did not get a single bidder even after tenders were floated for the fifth time in 2011-12. Sources said the situation was worse in Chhattisgarh where eight projects covering 252 km are not getting bidders.\"Delay in awarding projects will have direct impact on completion of road works and also on the development of the entire region. Relaxing the norms would allow more people to quality for projects and thereby minimizing the chances of cartel formation among a few bidders,\" said a highway ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551943", "title": "Cook blames run out on brain failure", "text": "KOLKATA: As the media tried to track the terrific turnaround, Alastair Cook taking them to the when, why and how of it all, the England skipper couldn't escape the one question everyone wanted to ask. How did he manage to get run out in such extraordinary manner in the first innings of the Eden Gardens Test?\"Dopey was the word some people used (to describe it), I had a brain failure,\" Cook smiled sheepishly.\"I was walking back and suddenly saw this ball coming and my immediate reaction was to flinch rather than put my bat in as most people would do. The realisation that I had done it was pretty embarrassing,\" added Cook, sure that \"there'll be a video of that somewhere for the rest of my life\".Will they go for a win in Nagpur now that they have a 2-1 lead?\"Definitely. You can't go into that game with that (draw) mentality. We have to do same as we have done these last two games. And produce the goods. It will need a lot of hard work to do that again,\" Cook said.The skipper was at hand to say that the visitors may have made a terrific turnaround in the Test series here, but it all began months earlier.\"The first thing was realisation of the problem about playing spin. All of us in the batting unit had to take a look at our technique, and work out methods that suit each individual,\" Cook said going back to February, and the 0-3 whitewash at the hands of Pakistan in Dubai.\"The third Test there and the two in Sri Lanka is where we worked our socks off and pretty much pulled up our technique against spin. It doesn't happen overnight, and we are starting to get a few results now.\"Their plan for the Indian tour was simple. \"There aren't many people in world cricket who come to India and can dominate the bowling the whole day. The norm is to be able to accumulate runs and be prepared to bat the whole day or as long as you can. We managed to deliver in these last couple of games, and probably the second innings in Ahmedabad.\"The flair and flamboyance of India's star batsmen are certainly playing second fiddle to guts and gumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17551769", "title": "Bapu in China\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s political movie", "text": "BEIJING: For the first time in all these years, Mahatma Gandhi has been discussed in a Chinese political movie that enjoys strong government backing. The film, \"Back to 1942\" also contains rare scenes showing Chiang Kai-shek , the main enemy of Mao Zedong , as a kind and caring leader.The Mahatma's name comes up on two occasions in the film amid scenes of war, cruelty, and famine that left three million dead in the Henan province in 1942.Chiang is shown saying he wants to meet Gandhi in his planned tour of India after military officials report about the success of his hunger strike. Officials also report that Hindus and Muslims have stopped fighting among themselves owing to the Mahatma's intervention.The film contains strong political messages from Chinese leaders seeking the country's merger with Taiwan , which was led for decades by Chiang and his son. Chiang fled to Taiwan after he was thrown out by Mao's Communist forces. Another message involves Christianity , which has been a major political controversy in view of the differences between China's atheist government and the Pope. Faith in Christ has been shown in several scenes.As with most Chinese movies dealing with modern war, the Japanese troops who caused the massacre of Nanjing , are the main villains. This time though it is different. The film shows faminehit people being robbed by Chinese forces and corrupt officials. There is also a scene in which a preacher questions the existence of God in a situation where millions are starving to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550192", "title": "Senior citizen raped, 45-year-old friend held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 62-year-old woman, a retired school teacher, was allegedly raped by an acquaintance at her flat in Shanti Tower on Marol Military Road, Powai, on Saturday. The accused, employed at a managerial post in Vapi , is known to the victim and entered her house on the pretext of dropping a letter while he was passing by the area. He raped her before leaving, the Powai police said. The 45-year-old accused, a Borivli resident, has been arrested.The matter came to light around 6pm on Saturday when the victim called her daughter, who stays with her family in Qatar, and said she was unwell and needed help. \"The victim's daughter called her friend who stays nearby and asked her to rush to her mother. The friend then took the victim to a private clinic in the locality. After examining her, the doctor suggested shifting her to Bombay Hospital. The doctors called the police around 12.30am on Sunday,\" said a police officer. DCP (zone X) Dr Cherring Dorje said, \"Prima facie, medical examination showed she was raped. Based on the complaint, we have booked the accused for rape,\" said Dorje.A police source said the victim was initially reluctant to lodge the complaint fearing that her son, who stays with his family in Mangalore, and her daughter would face stigma. The accused had befriended the woman through relatives a few months ago. He had met her about five times in the past. She has been staying alone in the flat since her husband died two years ago.The victim informed her daughter when her health deteriorated after she took some pills, a police officer said. Senior inspector Bajirao Bhosale said the accused will be produced in court on Monday. \"We have collected evidence like the bloodstains found on bedsheets. The arrest was made after the victim's complaint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555901", "title": "Know more on snakebite management", "text": "MYSORE: Experts from across the globe will deliberate on challenges in treating snakebite victims during the three-day second annual national conference on snakebite management which commences in the city from today. The conference, which will stress the development of diagnostics kits for snakebite and improvisation of anti-snake venom production of both polyvalent and monovalent, is aimed at encouraging understanding the geographical variation in venoms. Setting up of venom research centre in different zones of India, snakebite treatments and complications and uniform treatments protocol all over the country will be top on the agenda.B S Vishwanath, conference organizing secretary, said venom composition in snakes varies from region to region and anti-snake venom (ASV) that is being used in southern part of India may not be effective in northern region.\"We have four big poisonous snakes - king cobra, Russell viper, saw-scaled viper and crate, in the country. However, there is no history of king cobra biting humans frequently. As per record, there may be only two or three deaths due to bite of king cobra, which is very shy creature and rarely attacks humans,\" claimed Vishwanath. In India, over 50,000 people die of snakebites every year. Dr Joseph K Joseph, who will inaugurate the seminar, said only in 30 per cent of snakebite cases, details of snakes are available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17552152", "title": "Payyade retain Police Shield title", "text": "MUMBAI: Defending champions Payyade Sports Club retained the Police Invitation Shield cricket tournament by defeating Cricket Club of India by seven wickets on the third and final day of the final at the Police Gymkhana, Kennedy Sea Face, on Sunday.After being put in to bat, CCI did well to pile up 452-6 in 90 overs. Opener Sushant Marathe led CCI's charge with a solid 186. He was also involved in a 173-run partnership for the first wicket with Akshay Jambhekar (77).For Payyade, leg spinner Dinesh Salunke returned impressive figures of 3-105.In reply, Payyade scored 456 in 89.5 overs. Bravish Shetty did the star turn for Payyade, scoring a fluent 2227-207 . Shetty also added 166 runs for the sixth wicket with medium pacer Mussavir Khote (62).In their second essay CCI, who began with four-run deficit against them, could manage only 151 in 28.2 overs. Former Mumbai stumper Vinayak Samant top scored with 61. Left-arm spinner Vishal Dabholkar returned with impressive figures of five for 13 in three overs.Payyade achieved the target in 28.2 overs with 7 wickets in hand. Omkar Khanvilkar contributed with an unbeaten 57.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550898", "title": "Online education: UP joins the growing tribe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Online education in recent years has witnessed a massive boom and the upsurge is not limited to the metros. Tier II and III cities too have seen a phenomenal growth and according to online education providers, there has been two and a half times growth in the number of students logging on to the web portals over the past one year.According to figures shared by online education portal 'meritnation.com', around 90,000 users register on the site every month from across the country. As far as UP is concerned, an approximate of 6,000-7,000 students opt to study online every month. The maximum number of registrations comes from Delhi which accounts for 20% of the total traffic on the website, UP contributes to 6-7% of the total registrations every month. In UP, Lucknow, Ghaziabad, Varanasi and Mathura are among the leading cities opting for e-learning. With 11-12% users, Maharashtra occupies the second spot followed by Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. These three states face neck and neck competition with 8-9% students logging on.Online education providers also share that while mathematics and science remain the star attractions among students followed by English, humanities have the least number of students. Comparatively, commerce has also attracted sufficient numbers.Talking about the increasing trend of online education in smaller cities, Pawan Chauhan from meritnation.com says, \"A bigger number of students from higher classes logs on to the website in but a recent trend has shown that there is a high demand from parents of children studying in classes I-V for online education. This is primarily because online content is more attractive.'' Chauhan claimed that meritnation.com has 37 lakh users and sees around 1 lakh new entries every month.Another online portal, edukart.com has been able to tap around 10,000 users from small towns in the past one year. Edukart spokesperson Ishan Gupta said, \"In the recent years, we have seen small towns expressing need for assessment modules and animation videos to understand concepts in various subject. Hence, they see online education supplementing the formal one.''Online education is eyed by students and parents as it simplifies learning and largely caters to the law of averages. \"It customises learning solutions, self-explanatory videos and other fun exercises enabling students to understand subjects like mathematics and science interestingly compared to conventional education,'' said Srishti, a class IX student of Delhi Public School.Websites not only provide course material but also offer model tests, live test series, formative assessment, revision notes, various personality, aptitude and interest tests that enhance students' learning and concentration power.Career counsellor Amrita Dass said, \"Through online learning, a student can access the best teachers and tutors who are experts in their subjects. Students get the required inputs, guidance conveniently. e-learning also saves time and money spent on taking tuitions. Most important, learning in 3D, colours, visuals, diagrams enhance learning.''The growth in online education can also be gauged from a report released by the Manufacturers' Association for Information Technology (MAIT) which said that sale of personal computers have augmented 16% in 2011-12, in comparison to the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553692", "title": "'Skyfall' tops weekend box office with $11m earnings", "text": "The latest James Bond movie 'Skyfall' moved back to the top spot at the weekend box office in its fifth weekend by taking in 11-million-dollar revenue, it has been revealed.This put it narrowly ahead of Paramount's 'Rise of the Guardians', the animated adventure of Santa, the Easter Bunny and other mythological heroes that pulled in 10.5 million dollars,\" the New York Post reported.The two movies inched ahead of 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2', which had been tops for three-straight weekends. It earned 9.2 million dollars, slipping into a tight race for the third spot with Disney's Lincoln', which was close behind with 9.1 million dollars.The top movies were bunched up so closely that rankings could change once final weekend revenues are released Monday.The weekend's only new wide release, Gerard Butler's romantic comedy 'Playing for Keeps', flopped with 6 million dollars and came in at number six.In limited release, Bill Murray's Franklin Roosevelt drama 'Hyde Park on Hudson' opened solidly with 83,280 dollars in four theaters, averaging a healthy 20,820 dollars a cinema. By comparison, 'Playing for Keeps' averaged 2,115 dollars in 2,837 theaters.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:Skyfall - 11 million dollarsRise of the Guardians - 10.5 million dollarsThe Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 - 9.2 million dollarsLincoln - 9.1 million dollarsLife of Pi - 8.3 million dollarsPlaying for Keeps - 6 million dollarsWreck-It Ralph - 4.9 million dollarsRed Dawn - 4.3 million dollarsFlight - 3.1 million dollarsKilling Them Softly - 2.7 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555233", "title": "District medical officer denies reports of typhoid outbreak", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The district health administration has termed baseless the typhoid scare being reported in the coastal areas of the district. \"No such cases have been reported from the area and the scare is falsely propagated,\" said district medical officer Dr T Peethambaran.He said that the district health administration has conducted thorough check-ups in the area following the reporting of typhoid. Not even a single positive case has been detected, said the DMO.However, there were reports that local laboratories were spreading the disease scare. . \"The tests conducted in these labs are not authentic and hence we have advised the people to conduct check-ups and tests only in government laboratories,\" said district programme manager of National Rural Health Mission Dr Unnikrishnan.Meanwhile, based on the directive from health minister V S Sivakuamr, the district health administration has appointed 21 more doctors in the districts through NRHM.\"With this we will be able to provide 24-hour service in the community health centres of the entire coastal belt. The CHCs in Pulluvila, Pozhiyur, Poovar, Vizhinjam and Puthanthoppu will now be getting the service of doctors round the clock,\" said Dr Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17551100", "title": "Now, government assures Adil Shah palace will be museum by August '13", "text": "PANAJI: Six years after the project first started, work drags on over the Adil Shah palace which was supposed to transform into a centre for art and culture in 2009.But Prasad Lolienkar, director of art and culture, which is the client department, now says that the Adil Shah palace will be inaugurated as a world-class museum on August 15, 2013.Asked to explain the delay, Lolienkar said that the first part of the project included physical repairs and restoration of the building. That is now complete and the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC), which is overseeing the project, has floated a tender for setting up a museum and for appointment of a museum curator.That will be finalized shortly and the work of setting up a museum will begin. He said the date for commissioning the museum has been fixed for August 15, 2013.Sources in the GSIDC told TOI that the civil works of the restoration of the Adil Shah palace are complete.Likewise, the ceiling work is done, the air-conditioning is ready, closed-circuit television cameras installed and 'track' lighting is also complete.Now the GSIDC is engaged in appointing a museum curator.Explaining the delay, GSIDC sources said that the restoration work involved accomplished experts and locating these took time. For example, in view of the desire to make the museum world-class, GSIDC sought to appoint a lighting expert of international repute. They located such an expert in Delhi who had a busy schedule with his international projects. Luckily, he was of Goan origin and agreed to GSIDC's request for the 'love of the land', GSIDC sources said.Likewise, there were some chandeliers from the Portuguese era belonging to the Adil Shah palace but the chandeliers were badly damaged. Though the GSIDC found an expert in Lucknow, it took some persuasion to get him to agree to restore the chandeliers. He took time finding the components to restore the chandeliers but finally succeeded in restoring them to what is believed to be their original grandeur.Some loose ends remain. The GSIDC has to complete the \"hard landscaping\" around the building. This involves work with stones and cobblestones for beautification of the grounds. The GSIDC also wants to fit a dehumidifier but is concerned whether the old structure will bear the load.Other ways of installing the dehumidifier are under consideration. The original cost of 7.02-crore has now escalated to about 13-crore. The project contractor had to import 400 cubic metres of teakwood from Ghana and the 'multiplas' sheets used for waterproofing the teakwood planking have been brought from Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17550976", "title": "Quepem locals irked by errant watermelon folk", "text": "QUEPEM: Locals from Quepem, irked by the perennial parking mess and congested traffic, alleged that despite signboards erected in several places, watermelon vendors are occupying the two-wheeler parking place at the side of the main road leading to Cuncolim, thereby giving scooterists a tough time. Over a year and a half ago, during the tenure of then Quepem municipal council chairman Manuel Colaco, the QMC had in a resolution decided to erect different types of signboards around town. The body has even hired an agency to prepare a parking masterplan, and paid it almost 30,000. The QMC then forwarded that plan to the deputy collector of Quepem to issue the notification.Locals alleged that despite the QMC decision to erect signboard for an efficient parking system, the QMC is not enforcing the decision, and instead, the body collects sopo from watermelon vendors and allow them to occupy parking place which is reserved for two-wheelers.Filomeno Pereira, a senior citizen, said, \"Quepem is a central point for the people of Curchorem, Sanguem, Rivona and other villages for their official work, as all the important offices such deputy collector's office, are situated here. The traffic police do their duty only during the Sunday baazar, and during the rest of the week, only two traffic cops are seen performing their duties in front of the mamlatdar's office.\" Blaming the police for the failure to control traffic, he further said that the traffic police do not allow two-wheelers to park their vehicles in spaces reserved for four-wheeler parking, but they allow watermelon vendors to occupy two-wheelers parking space.Another citizen, who declined to be identified, said, \"The traffic police has failed to control traffic particularly the parking of the vehicles. The QMC has marked a roughly 150-metre long stretch of road as a buffer zone for 'no parking', starting from the Quepem market, as it is narrow and has a sharp curve. The stretch is accident prone and risks increase when mining trucks were plying. The traffic police allow heavy vehicles including trucks and buses to park along this stretch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17552134", "title": "Three arrested for smuggling tusks", "text": "MADURAI: The police have arrested three persons for smuggling ivory tusks in Madurai. A pair of tusks has also been seized from them and investigations have begun on the source of the tusks. Police suspect that a bigger network is involved in the smuggling, and a team has rushed to Theni after the arrested trio said that they bought the tusks there.Police said they received a tip-off that Karuppasamy of Kurayur in Madurai district was soliciting buyers for tusks. Police planned to nab him red-handed and set up a trap for him. As per the plan, a person sent by the police approached Karuppasamy and offered to buy the tusks. Karuppasamy contacted his acquaintances and asked them to bring the tusks.Subsequently, two men brought the tusks and were arrested near Kallikudi. The two were identified as Murugan, 28, of Rayappanpatti in Theni and his relative Deivam, 27. Police said Murugan and Deivam had hidden the tusks in a gunny bag and were carrying it. The two tusks were about one-and-half feet long. Karuppasamy was also arrested.They were taken to Thirumanagalm police station and interrogated when they admitted to have smuggled the tusks for sale. They revealed that the tusks were bought from two people in Theni district. The police then took Murugan and Deivam to Theni district in a bid to nab the other suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555478", "title": "Daniel Craig, Dench Britain's favourite film actors", "text": "Actors Daniel Craig and Judi Dench have been voted Britain's most favourite male and female movie stars.While Craig, 44 has been in three James Bond movies, the latest being \"Skyfall\", Dench was seen as the superspy's boss M in seven Bond movies.Craig topped the list of favourite actor with 26 percent votes, Dench emerged victorious in favourite female movie star list with 27 percent votes.\"We know Britain loves Bond and clearly the talents of Daniel Craig and Judi Dench are a key factor,\" thesun.co.uk quoted Ian Lewis, director of Sky Movies as saying.The list of top ten male actors are:1) Daniel Craig2) Johnny Depp3) Will Smith4) Christian Bale5) Robert Downey Jnr6) Daniel Radcliffe7) Tom Cruise8) Colin Farrell9) Michael Fassbender10) Tom HardyTop 10 female actors:1) Judi Dench2) Helena Bonham-Carter3) Cameron Diaz4) Mila Kunis5) Anne Hathaway6) Jennifer Lawrence7) Rachel Weisz8) Jennifer Aniston9) Nicole Kidman10) Emma Watson", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17553880", "title": "Death of Indian-origin nurse: Australian FM channel defends itself over London prank call", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian radio station, whose broadcasters made a prank call to a London hospital, defended its staff on Monday, saying it tried to contact the hospital nurses at least five times before airing the interview.According to an ABC report, the parent company of the radio station Southern Cross Austereo defended its staff, saying its presenters Mel Greig and Michael Christian followed proper procedures.\"It is absolutely true to say that we actually did attempt to contact those people [the nurses] on multiple occasions,\" company's chief executive Rhys Holleran said.\"We rang them up to discuss what we had recorded. Before it went to air? Absolutely, we attempted to contact them on no less than five occasions,\" he said.The statement came after widespread criticism over death of Indian-origin nurse 46-year-old Jacintha Saldanha, who was found dead three days after putting through the call that gathered details of the pregnant Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's condition.Last week, the two presenters aired a stunt in which they called London's King Edward VII's Hospital posing as the Queen and Prince Charles and got information about Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine.Commenting on the incident, the Australian federal opposition leader Tony Abbott said the phone call was a prank that went \"horribly wrong\" and talk of more media regulation was premature.\"I think it's important to let the dust settle before we rush into demands for more media regulation,\" Abbott was quoted as saying by News Ltd.Communications minister Stephen Conroy said the independent Australian Communications and Media Authority had received complaints about the call, and was considering a fast-track inquiry into the matter.He said the authority had acted swiftly on the matter over the weekend \"and hopefully we'll hear from them shortly\".Meanwhile, thousands of Australians have come out in support of the two broadcasters, holding that the two presenters Mel Greig and Michael Christian were not to blame for the tragic death of Saldanha.News Ltd, which conducted a poll, revealed that over two-thirds of voters of more than 11,000 people who participated said the radio pranksters should not be blamed for the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550270", "title": "Streetlights stand tall in the dark", "text": "CHENNAI: As night approaches, the Pallavaram-Thoraipakkam Radial Road from Kovalambakkam junction to Pallikarnai marsh remains unlit. More than 200 streetlights have not been functioning for the last two years after it was installed.This road which connects IT corridor and GST Road is being extended till ECR and is vital for connectivity of the city's arterial roads including Tambaram-Velachery Main Road and Old Mahabalipuram Road.Kartheeswaran, vice-president of Kagithapuram Resident Welfare Association, said, \"Most of the people from ECR going towards the airport or Tambaram prefer this road. As this is the main connecting route between Tambaram and GST, traffic is very high in the evening. In the absence of functioning streetlights, the visibility is poor and people have to drive very cautiously to avoid accidents.\"The situation near Pallikarnai marsh is worse with no streetlights. Scores of waste dumping lorries queue in the night to enter the Pallikarnai dump yard and in the dark, these stationary vehicles are a threat for speeding vehicles.\"The maintenance of the stretch is undertaken by the highways authority but functioning of streetlights is the resposibility of the corporation\" said an official from the construction and maintenance wing of the highways department.Police said four fatal accidents have been reported from the Pallavaram- Thoraipakkam Radial Road in 2012 and remains one of the most accident prone areas in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17555926", "title": "Manipur minister vows to bring sex workers to mainstream", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking serious note of the plight of women sex workers in the state, Manipur social welfare minister AK Mirabai here said the department is currently extending all possible efforts to bring these women back to the mainstream.Though the exact number of sex workers in the state is yet to be ascertained, some NGOs revealed it could be around 2000.Mirabai, who was the chief guest at the district level Widows' Meet of Chandel district held at Khangshim village on Friday, said the social welfare department is attempting to implement rehabilitation schemes for sex workers in the state.Due to acute financial crises, women including widows and AIDS patients are forced to work as sex workers in order to earn a livelihood, experts said. They added that this is why various HIV/AIDS awareness programmes are also conducted for them to combat the spread of the epidemic.The minister informed the people that the social welfare department is committed to equal implementation of welfare schemes in both the hill and valley areas. She also said because of its weak economic position, the state is dependent on funds from the Centre in taking up welfare programmes of the people.At the end of the event, the minister distributed gifts to around 180 widows in the function organized by the District Women Committee and UNM-M Chandel in association with Weaker Sections' Development Council, Centre for Women and Girls, Widows Welfare Society, Rural Women and Child Development Organization and All Tribal Women Organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555130", "title": "Reena out; Sunayana Fozdar in Sher Dil", "text": "TOI.com consistently kept our readers updated on DJs A Creative Unit's upcoming show, Sher Dil Shergil for Star Plus. The show which was slotted to go on air by end this year (2012), seems have got a shift to early next year due to some changes from the channel's side.Till now, Sher Dil Shergil has seen many changes in its cast list. Of late, Parakh Madan replaced Vindya Tiwari as the actress bagged a lead role in Zee TV's Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein. On the other hand, Reena Kapoor was finalized to essay the role opposite to Diwakar Pundir.Interestingly, the channel's decision turned unfortunate for Reena leading her to opt out of the show. Eventually, now the role is reserve with Sunayana Fozdar, who was the actual choice for this role earlier.When contacted, Reena confirmed, \"Yes, I was about to make a come back after Woh Rehnewali but I don't know where things went wrong and didn't materialize.\"All we can say is Sunayana's gain is Reena's loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17551316", "title": "CCTVs at traffic point help cops crack crimes", "text": "JAIPUR: The CCTVs installed at Sanganeri Gate helped the police crack a blind murder case on Saturday. Police arrested two men for stabbing to death Bhagchand (27) whose body was found lying on a heap of gravel near Minerva Cinema Hall on November 30.Installing CCTV cameras at nearly 150 public places, especially in the city's western parts including Vaishali Nagar, Sadar, Bani Park and Karni Vihar, has proved very helpful for the police. Several crimes of robbery, murder attempts, gun firing, vehicle-lifting and chain-snatching were cracked over the past one year after the miscreants were identified through CCTV footage. In certain cases, the footage served as vital evidence to bring the guilty to book.The police are planning to install 1,000 more CCTVs at public places in the near future and set up a separate cell to study the footage after every crime.According to the additional commissioner of police (II) Biju George Joseph , the body of Bhagchand, a resident of Todaraisingh in Tonk district, had been found on the morning of November 30.\"He was rushed to a hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. After identification, it came up that Bhagchand used to work as a helper in private buses and was an alcoholic. He had been repeatedly stabbed with a knife,\" said the officer.The officer added that the police soon realized that it was a blind murder case. \"However, we studied the footages of CCTVs installed at Sanganeri Gate traffic point. It came up that he was last seen roaming around with Rafeeq Khan and Mohammed Salim Qureshi belonging to Chaksu and Galta Gate areas respectively,\" said the officer.Further investigation showed that these two men were alcoholic like Bhagchand. \"The two men were his friends. We came to know that the trio used to spend evenings drinking alcohol and watching movies. A search was launched for the duo and they were taken into custody on Sunday,\" said the officer.During interrogation, they allegedly confessed that the duo had watched a movie with Bhagchand on the night of November 29. \"They were drunk and consumed more alcohol after coming out of the Minerva theatre. Under the influence of alcohol, they got into a spat. Out of rage, the two men stabbed Bhagchand repeatedly and escaped leaving the body on a heap of gravel,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17552321", "title": "Mararikkulam leads the way in women's safety", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Mararikkulam South grama panchayat is all set to become a woman-friendly grama panchayat in the district.Alappuzha MLA T M Thomas Isaac said that he had already reviewed the steps taken by the villagers, ward members, self-help groups and the grama panchayat authorities for making the grama panchayat into the first woman friendly grama panchayat in the district.The authorities are now taking the steps for ensuring the safety of women in the panchayat, MLA said. He said the panchayat will distribute health cards to all families under this project.\"We will continue medical camps and health check-ups for women will also be part of this project,\" he said.\"The panchayat will set up women-friendly centers in the panchayat based on the study report on the atrocities towards women. The women-friendly centres will have libraries, anganwadies and nursery schools,'' he said.\"Complaint boxes will be set up in the women-friendly centres for women to file their complaints secretly. Training facilities for yoga and aerobics will also be set up in the centers,\" said panchayat president N P Snehajan. In order to protect rural girls from being physically attacked, the grama panchayat has set up a girls' army in the panchayat. It was set up as part of the woman-friendly project of the panchayat.The panchayat has selected 620 girl students of ninth and tenth standards from the three schools functioning in the panchayat for this programme.\"We have given them three months training on martial arts and the training was given by Masters Martial Arts Federation of Kerala. There were 50 trainers led by master Jiji Thomas for taking the classes for the students,'' the panchayat president said.\"We hope that the members of our girls' army can resist any kind of attacks against them. So we have decided to give training to all the girls studying in upper primary classes of the panchayat soon under our programme. The training will also be given to women working in Kudumbashree in the panchayat,'' the panchayat president said.Grama panchayat president N P Snehajan said that they had started this initiative in wake of attacks against women and girls increasing daily.As part of the woman friendly project, Mararikkulam south grama panchayat has also organised workshops and seminars for women. This project is being implemented by the panchayat with the help of Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA) and Alappuzha Medical College Hospital.During the workshops, the panchayat has formulated a comprehensive programme for ensuring the safety of women. The panchayats has rolled out this project after seeking the opinion of women working in various fields in the panchayat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551527", "title": "Are we plain greedy or rich with aspirations?", "text": "When you have affable economist Omkar Goswami, who has mapped poverty, and flamboyant adman Suhel Seth, ambassador of riches, debating greed, sparks are bound to fly. That's what happened at 'Greed is Now Hero No 1', a session moderated by veteran journalist Vir Sanghvi on Sunday. While Goswami said most of India is obsessed with greed, Seth said India had become aspirational, not greedy.Inequality, combined with consumerism, Goswami said, will lead us to disaster if something is not done urgently. The poor's patience, he said, is almost at a tipping point. \"Around three million people died in the Bengal famine in the 1940s and yet nobody protested. The same cannot be said today. If deprivation of a huge chunk of the population continues, there will be a revolt,\" said Goswami.Disagreeing, Seth said a lot of people think aspiration is greed. \"India is obsessed with aspirations. You cannot deprive an aspiring youngster who wants to go and get ahead in life,\" he said. Seth asked the audience: \"Which one of us is not greedy for a better life?\"And in a debate on greed, politicians inevitably get blamed. So Seth referred to a prominent Maharashtra politician as a man \"who gives greed a bad name\" . He said those who possess wealth should also be philanthropic.Banker Deepak Parekh, who Sanghvi described as \"a man who has given us home\", was applauded by the audience when he said \"greed begins in Delhi and Mumbai is aspirational\" . \"How will we change the greed of politicians?\" asked Parekh. Goswami said if corruption is exposed, we would see results, as in the 2G scam .Goswami said we must take care of three things: asman ke upar ( for communications), zameen ke neeche (for minerals) and zameen (land). \"If we utilise these three resources equitably and intelligently, we will have less greed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551124", "title": "End of the road for a reel life story", "text": "KOLKATA: For 59-year-old Tushar Kanti Bhattacharya, what used to be an art is now no more than just another chore. For decades, he was the invisible man in a cubbyhole behind the square holes in cinema halls, keeping a hawk eye on the projector and the screen, changing reels, mending portions of the celluloid that got torn and ensuring everyone had their money's worth by the time the show ended.Now, those skills that had been nurtured and perfected over years are no longer of use. With the cinema projection taking a leap from the 120- year-old world of 35mm celluloid prints to digitized content, the likes of Bhattacharya have no role to play beyond reading the new manual and running routine checks on the digital cine-projector Cine Blast before operation begins for the day.Bhattacharya is one of the few registered movie projector operators in the city with the rest either retired or dead. With over 90% single-screens in Kolkata converting to digital format, the days of 35mm celluloid prints are numbered. \"It was fun to be on the toes the entire day and to get the perfect print for screening. We had to change carbon rods in the celluloid machines, rewind the reels after each show, put cue-marks, and be ready to mount the next reel before the previous one finished. It was all original and a good image depended on our expertise,\" recounted Bhattacharya, who was an 'operator' in city cinemas since 1979 and is currently the chief operator at Star Theatre in Hatibagan, north KolkataWhile older technologies have made way for the new and will continue to do so in future, few changes have triggered the kind of nostalgia that the end of 35mm celluloid generates.\"With celluloid reels being replaced by digital prints, we will gradually forget our expertise. To become licensed operators, we had to sit for a theory and a practical examination organized by the government. That is no longer required. We are the last of the breed in service,\" added Bhattacharya.Till even a decade ago, the likes of Bhattacharya were considered the soul of a movie theatre. The operators started young and learnt on-the-job. Like Bhattacharya, 53-year-old operator Chand Kumar Mondol learnt the tricks of the trade as a 17-year-old and has been working at Priya cinemas for 30 years now.\"The sheer joy of holding the reels in your hand and projecting the movie to a big audience gave us a high. To throw the light on the film which used to emulsify the printed frames into moving images was such a beautiful experience. We were absolutely vital to a movie hall's operations then,\" said Mondol.He recalls his initial training on the Westrex projection machine which required a celluloid reel. One needed to be extremely careful while holding a reel as one had to avoid touching the print. Everything was manual back then and the projection room used to be the noisiest place. They spent hours in the 'rewind room', rewinding reels for the next show, cutting them and joining the ad and show reels with help of a cement-like adhesive. At least six operators were required in the projection room at any given point of time.\"I remember how nervous I was when I projected Mother India for a packed cinema-hall for the first time in 1983. I spent the previous night in the projection room, practising so that I did no wrong. Often, the last scene of the movie became the first scene creating a problem for the viewers,\" said Mondol who has seen the transition and worked on a Westrex and then a Christie machine (which requires three platters on which three spools play at one time). As digitization of single theatres started along with a string of multiplexes sprouting in the city in the early 2000s, operators updated themselves to keep pace with technology.\"There used to be competition amongst operators and each one's expertise was talked about in the circuit. Most of us started on Westrex, which is a 50-year-old technology. Then came Xenarc, Christie, Cineblast, Qube and now 2K projection systems,\" said 53-year-old Naba Kumar Paul, an operator at Paradise cinema .While it took them months and even years to master the mechanics of a celluloid projection system, they needed only a week to learn the digital technology.\"Nobody has the patience to learn the magic which the celluloid reels, arc lights and carbon rods used to create together on the screen. If something went wrong with the Westrex machines, we could fix that, but we cannot touch the digital machines before engineers fix them. Our art will soon be history,\" mused Ajoy Kumar Pradhan, an operator at Navina. \"In 1998, Ghulam was the first movie that was screened digitally in Paradise. I did not know a thing about the digital machine. I spent hours looking at it and then learnt about it by trial and error. It turned out to be very simple and so easy to operate,\" said Paul.According to Mahendra Soni of Sri Venkatesh Films, Paul and Bhattacharya are among the last operators in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544792", "title": "Sherlyn sizzles again on magazine cover", "text": "The hottest property of the Indian soil, Sherlyn Chopra's popularity is growing leaps and bound. Even before she appears in the cover of the international magazine Playboy, for which she became the first Indian to pose nude, Sherlyn has become a hot favourite with the magazines in India itself as the hottest cover girl.After being on the covers of various magazines like 'The Week', 'Fantasy', 'GR8', 'Health &amp; Nutrition', 'Model n Trends', 'Perfect Woman' and 'Man's World', Sherlyn will now be seen on the cover of a lifestyle magazine 'Fusion Life', which was recently released. The year 2012 saw various actresses like Minissa Lamba, Mahie Gill , Soha Ali Khan , Shriya Saran and Sunny Leone upping the glamor quotient of a variety of magazines, Sherlyn sure is take the temperatures soaring to another level.The magazines are now realizing the worth of the sexy heroines who can really make the cover page worth taking a look at. Though, according to Sherlyn's hotness standards, this is a milder picture, but it has already attracted great response from the online community.And since she has dropped her clothes for the 'Playboy', Sherlyn has never ceased to be in news. With a Cannes entry booked for her in the upcoming season for being the lead in the 3D version of Kamasutra, Sherlyn is set to create new benchmarks for boldness and beauty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17555831", "title": "Braille Press hits manpower hurdle", "text": "GUWAHATI: Government Braille Press is hard pressed under the problem of acute shortage of man power. The press authorities have submitted a proposal to the government requesting for more workers.Talking to TOI, the manager of Braille Press, MN Hussain, said, \"The main problem is shortage of manpower. At present there are only eight staffers of which only two are engaged in the technical section. We have submitted a proposal to the government urging for more staff members. We have even worked out a budget and submitted it to the government for taking up the matter in the supplementary budget session. We have mentioned about introducing five to six new posts.\"Braille Press was regularized by the government in 2006. It was in a poor condition earlier and did not have a good collection of books due to unavailability of high-speed machines. However, the government recently released funds to procure high-tech equipment for the press, Hussain said.\"Of late we have bought Assamese software through which we can print books in Assamese too. At first we used to provide books printed only in English. There are only seven blind schools in the state and we provide free-of-cost textbooks in Braille to the students of all these blind schools as per Persons With Disabilities Act 1995. The books are similar to those printed by Assam Textbook Corporation. We have demanded a Rs 50 lakh-high speed machine named Braille Norway from the government,\" he added.The press authorities had forwarded a proposal to the government for setting up a Braille library, said Hussain. Through the proposed paperless Braille USB port to be installed in the library, the students can read wide variety of books. Paperless USB port can store up to 300 books. There are plans to make books in Assamese, Bengali, English and other regional languages available in the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550818", "title": "Water Board to shame defaulters", "text": "HYDERABAD: After shaming domestic consumers by posting their dues online, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has now decided to give the same treatment to bulk consumers.The Water Board has short-listed names of defaulters whose arrears exceed Rs one crore to seize their movable assets under the Andhra Pradesh Revenue Recovery (RR) Act.The HMWS&SB; has already uploaded names of 576 defaulters whose arrears were over Rs one lakh. Water Board executive director G Panda Das told TOI,\"Now, defaulters have started responding after their names appeared on our website. Now, we have decided to upload names of bulk consumers who have arrears over Rs one crore on our website this week.\" As per official records, 15 gram panchayats under the panchayat raj department are the top defaulters with arrears to the tune of Rs 72.46 crore.The South Central Railway (SCR) might also figure in the ignominious list as the railway control room has to pay Rs 1.80 crore, while the Air Force Academy, Dundigal, has to clear Rs 80.61 lakh water dues, the official said.Even some public sector units (PSUs) might figure in the list as ECIL has dues worth Rs 1.29 crore, Hindustan Machine Tools (HMT), Jeedimetla, Rs 1.23 crore, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), Balanagar Rs 7.90 crore. The Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) has to clear around Rs 1.25 crore dues to the Water Board, the ED added. Regarding the RR Act, the HMWS&SB; official said, \"We need some clarity in implementation of the Act.Defaulters may approach courts if we seize movable assets. According to the provisions in the RR Act, we can seize the assets of defaulters, but cannot sell them to recover our dues.\"For this, the Water Board has sent an official communique to principal secretary, municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department, Sam Bob, to issue necessary orders to sell seized assets. \"Once the government gives the nod, we will go ahead and seize movable assets. We will also train general managers on how to go about the RR Act,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551554", "title": "Rotarians get lessons on healthy heart", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rotarians were benefitted by a talk on \"how to keep your heart healthy?\" by senior interventional cardiologist Dr Arun Kochar at the Rotary Chandigarh Shivalik club in Sector 7 on Sunday. He suggested four rules to the Rotarians to ensure their heart's health.Kochar emphasized that the heart is the most hard-working muscle in our bodies as it pumps four to five liters of blood every minute when we are resting and more, when we are active.It supplies nutrients and oxygen rich blood to all body parts and diseases of the heart kill the maximum number of people across the world.Narrating the four rules for a healthy art, the doctor said watching what you eat could help a long way.\"Eat variety of fruits and vegetables every day as they are naturally low in fat and high in vitamins and minerals and anti-oxidants.Consume grain products, nonfat or low-fat products and switch to fat-free toned or skimmed milk. Cut down on fat meats as well,\" Kochar added.Citing physical exercise as the second preventive rule, he said physical activity helps burn calories and keeps the muscles fit and active.\"Senior citizen who walk frequently avoid many ailments with the regular habit. The thumb rule is just walk 150 minutes in a week and there would be no need to workout at a gym,\" said the orator.To shun smoking is the third preventive measure, he said.The fourth golden rule from Dr Kochar's book was to get routine tests done, including blood sugar and cholesterol.\"Ensure these remain within a desirable range. Adults over 20 years of age must get themselves tested,\" he advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17554206", "title": "Male pugmarks found in no-tiger zones in state", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) will study and analyze the pugmarks of two male tigers spotted near areas which are not frequented by these wild cats.Pugmarks were recently found in Mandal and Kumandi, 25 km from the reserve park. However, forest officials say in the past one-and-a-half decades, they have never seen tigers in the reserve forest prowling outside the 15-20 km radius of the core area.Though the beasts take long walks, their coming from PTR to Mandal and Kumandi looks a distant proposition. So analysis of these pugmarks, found in no-tiger areas, is necessary to avoid duplicity.The marks will be matched with those of the existing tigers in the park to check if there are new arrivals in the Palamu Tiger Reserve. Both Mandal and Kumandi are around 25 km from the core area of the park.\"It is strange that pugmarks are discovered (in these places) but there is no report of any prey left there by the tigers,\" said a source.A member of the Government of India's steering committee for project elephant, D S Srivastava, said he had been telling all these years that Mandal and Kumandi areas are not bereft of tigers and the need is to trace them. Now with these pugmarks, his claims seem to hold water. Srivastava wanted scouring of every inch of the PTR.In Mandal, forest officials spotted the pugmarks on sand along River Koyal whereas marks were found on soil in Kumandi.Premjit Anand, core conservator at PTR, said no trace of any killing has been found at these two places. No farmer has complained of any missing cattle or livestock.\"The pugmarks are definitely of male tigers as it has distinct features of male paws, \" he said. adding that it has to be verified in some tiger strayed.Sources said a large part of the reserve forest remains unpatrolled by trackers, guards, foresters and rangers. Senior officials too hardly visit the remote areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17551761", "title": "Did volcanoes in India kill dinosaurs?", "text": "NEW YORK: Volcanic activity in the Deccan Traps near modernday Mumbai, and not an asteroid, may have killed the dinosaurs about 65-million-years ago, according to a new study.Research suggests that tens of thousands of years of lava flow from the Deccan Traps may have spewed poisonous levels of sulphur and carbon dioxide and caused the mass extinction through the resulting global warming and ocean acidification.The findings are the latest volley in an ongoing debate over whether an asteroid or volcanism killed off the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago in the mass dieoff known as the K-T extinction.Proponents of the Alvarez hypothesis argue that a giant meteorite impact at Chicxulub, Mexico, around 65 million years ago released toxic amounts of dust and gas, blocking out the Sun to cause widespread cooling, choking the dinosaurs and poisoning sea life. The meteorite impact may also have set off volcanic activity, earthquakes and tsunamis.The new research \"really demonstrates that we have Deccan Traps just before the mass extinction, and that may contribute partially or totally to the mass extinction,\" said Eric Font, a geologist at the University of Lisbon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550535", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcForced measles vaccines putting children at risk\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NOIDA: Doctors in the city have alleged that the district health department is putting the lives of children at stake in order to avoid being reprimanded for their mistakes from the state government. The health department has made it compulsory for all children below the age of 10 to receive measles vaccination in schools irrespective of whether they have received it previously or not. Free vaccines will now also be provided in private hospitals from December 10.Private hospital doctors have called the move unnecessary and risky and pointed out that all vaccines have side-effects. This move, which targets 3.24 lakh children in the district, comes within a week of the health department receiving criticism for under-spending the resources allocated to them under the NRHM scheme.The district health department started the drive on December 3, two days after an assessment meeting of the NRHM scheme of five division of western Uttar Pradesh, wherein free and compulsory immunization was given to schoolchildren. At the meeting, the principal secretary (health) criticized the districts, including Noida, for underutilization of resources allocated to them.\"All children below the age of 10, irrespective of whether they have received the vaccination or not before will have to take the vaccine. This increases their immunity to measles by 95%\", said Nepal Singh, immunization officer.Doctors in private hospitals said that not only are these vaccines not required for children who had undergone the first two rounds of immunization, they also had risks. \"No vaccine is without its side effects. Most common side effects of the measles vaccine are fever or rashes. Severe reactions are possible but rare. But a third round of vaccination is not required,\" said Dr Shalini Tyagi, senior consultant, paediatrics, Fortis Noida.Even though health department officials deny the charges, sources in the health department claim that the move is simply to finish the resources allocated under the NRHM scheme within the financial year. Meanwhile, a number of doctors whose children study in private schools have refused the 'compulsory' third round of immunization. \"My child studies in a school in Noida and I have refused to let her take the booster shot,\" said Dr Kabir Sardana, a resident of Sector 28, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554618", "title": "There is a little of Shiva in all of us", "text": "A unique exhibition by artist Bharat Tripathi, that depicts the only God with a complete family.Though a taxman by profession, Bharat Tripathi is an artist at heart. His work maybe a priority, but art is equally important to him and so, he immerses himself into it after work and during weekends. He finds time for it by cutting down heavily on socializing. He says, \"I have compartmentalized myself in two worlds and I forget about the professional pressures once I am painting. It completely de-stresses me.\"Tripathi has always been intrigued by Indian mythology and has done series of works and shows titled Navdurga and Dashavatar. He says, \"I find the stories of our Gods very fascinating. Though they seem implausible, there is an underlying meaning, which we can connect with, even today. I try to reproduce my interpretations on canvas. I believe in God and when I paint, I feel spiritually connected with the almighty.\"In his show, titled The Story of Shiva, the artist has tried to express the different facets of Lord Shiva, which unfolds like a story. The most striking part of this series is the fact that he has exhibited Shiva in all His phases. For instance, there are paintings depicting Shiva's marriage procession, His family, the Ganga flowing out of His head, the 12 Jyotirlings, and more.For Tripathi, art is a form of intellectual expression. \"It is a passion for me and I try to create works which are aesthetic, full of colours, exude positivity, and appeal to peoples' sensibilities. Art should inspire and for me, it is a part of my inner self with which I converse every moment of my life and it gives me the strength to face the world.\"Tripathi, while researching on Shiva, was amazed by the stories and felt extremely inspired by the Hindu God. About his works, he says, \"Through my works, I have tried to demystify Shiva. He is one of the most revered Gods in Hindu mythology and when I read stories revolving around him and the character that he personifies, I felt there is a bit of Shiva in everyone of us.\"Using vibrant colours and a strong visual form of storytelling, the artist beckons us to peep into the world of Shiva, that he created.The exhibition can be viewed at Coomaraswamy Hall, Prince of Wales Museum, Kala Ghoda, December 19 - 25, 11 am to 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556533", "title": "Aurangabad cops get custody of six youths from Andhra Pradesh", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad police took six youths into custody from the Nanded police after they allegedly confessed to committing thefts and burglaries across the city. The accused were first taken on transit remand by the Cidco police station on Saturday.All the six were recently arrested by the Nanded police for committing thefts, burglaries and house break-ins across Nanded district. During investigation, the accused confessed to have committed property related crimes not only in Nanded but also in other parts of the state including Aurangabad, Chandrapur, Yavatmal, Parbhani and Latur. The information was passed on to the city police, who sought a transit remand of the accused and brought them to the city on Saturday.In the initial investigation, the accused have confessed that they would roam in every lane and road of the city under the pretext of selling plastic mats and would strike at every opportunity they got, police. addedLanguage was a barrier during interrogation as the accused claimed they did not know Hindi or Marathi. Police then roped in a translator. Some stolen articles were recovered from them .The arrested accused have been identified as Anand Danayya Petla, Vijay Ramayya Kuchla, Shekhar Nagraj Pesapte, Raju Prakash Balanna, Israel Petla, Vainkayya Arun Petla from different places in Andhra Pradesh . They have confessed to committing some crimes in Cidco area in the past few months and to have lifted a bag from a car by breaking the pane.Highly placed police officials said that they are hoping to crack some cases of theft and house break-ins. Officials also said that after the Cidco police are done with the interrogation, the other police stations will also demand their custody so that the investigations into the pending cases progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554474", "title": "Expelled BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra Pyarimohan to form new party", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Expelled BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Sunday said he would form a political party after three months.\"I had given BJD six months' time to reform. There is no change though three months have already elapsed. I will be forced to form an alternative after another three months,\" Pyari told reporters here.Pyari had on November 19 hinted at converting Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) into a political party ahead of the next general elections, while speaking at a public rally at Bhawanipatna, 430 km from here, three days after he was expelled from BJD.Questioning the role of the government in the controversial Odisha Mining Corporation-Sainik Mining deal, the Rajya Sabha member said the loss to public exchequer due to this particluar controversial agreement and all others made during 2000 to 2004, should be recovered from the ministers.Pyari said that the government had been trying to defame him by saying that he had links with Red rebels. \"I don't have any links with any Maoist,\" he repeated.Pyari conceded that Sangram Mohanty, son of Jana Adhikar Manch convener Dandapani, had joined OJM. However, it is for police to investigate and find out whether Sangram had links with Maoists, he added. Sangram has been lodged in R Udayagiri jail in Gajapati district after he was arrested for Maoist links on Wednesday.Pyari reiterated that he would file a petition in the Supreme Court on Monday for clarity on his expulsion from BJD. \"I have not received any expulsion letter. Let him (the BJD president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik ) send his communication to the Rajya Sabha. I need to know what my position in the upper house is. That is why I will move the SC,\" he clarified.BJD leaders described Pyari's expulsion as a step taken following due party procedures. \"Whatever decision the party and its president have taken is well within the party's constitutional provisions. Let him move the court. We, as a party, have always abided by court orders,\" party vice-president and finance minister Prasanna Acharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551078", "title": "Oz company to review broadcast policy", "text": "LONDON: British police have contacted Australian authorities about a possible investigation into a radio station's hoax call to a UK hospital about the Duchess of Cambridge, they said on Sunday. The company that owns the station promised it is reviewing its broadcast practices.The prank took a dark twist on Friday with the death of nurse Jacintha Saldanha, a 46-year-old mother of two, three days after she unwittingly accepted the call about the health of Prince William's pregnant wife, Kate. The death has sparked an angry backlash from those who argue the Australian DJs who carried out the hoax should be held responsible.The board of Southern Cross Austereo had an emergency meeting on Sunday to discuss a harsh letter from the hospital that fell for the call. King Edward VII's Hospital, where Kate Middleton was being treated for acute morning sickness, condemned the \"truly appalling\" hoax and called the consequences \"tragic beyond words\".Max Moore-Wilton, the chairman of 2DayFM owner Southern Cross Austereo, said in a letter to the hospital's chairman on Sunday that the company will cooperate with any investigation.\"It is too early to know the full details leading to this tragic event and we are anxious to review the results of any investigation that may be made available to us or made public,\" he wrote. \"I can assure you we are taking immediate action and reviewing the broadcast and processes involved.\"\"As we have said in our own statements on the matter, the outcome was unforeseeable and very regrettable,\" he wrote. Australian police on Sunday confirmed they had been contacted by London police and said they would cooperate.The radio station callers impersonated Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles and received confidential details about Kate Middleton's medical information. The call was recorded and broadcast.Police have not yet determined Saldanha's cause of death, but people from London to Sydney have been making the assumption she died because of stress from the call.Djs apologizeBoth DJs involved apologized for the prank before Saldanha's death. Their show has been suspended indefinitely and their Twitter accounts have been taken down after they were bombarded by thousands of abusive comments.The station has a history of controversy, including airing a segment in which a 14-year-old girl revealed that she had been raped. It also ran a series of \"Heartless Hotline\" shows in which disadvantaged people were offered a prize that could be taken away from them by listeners.The Australian Communications and Media Authority, which regulates radio broadcasting, says it received complaints from around the world and is considering whether it should launch an investigation.William not to attend military tourneyPrince William on Sunday pulled out of the British Military Tournament, billed as \"the largest display of military theatre in the world\", citing Kate's illness. Officials from St James's Palace said the duchess is not yet 12 weeks pregnant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553327", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122d like to work with Mani Ratnam as his AD\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "As CT sits down to catch up with director Bala, who is quite a recluse, he starts off by saying, \"I feel shy to talk about my own film. Let the audience talk about it.\" The extraordinary filmmaker opens up about his films, actors and more.How do you feel when people say that the stills and trailer of Paradesi are of international standard? I am finding it silly. International films include even Tamil films. Our legendary filmmakers have delivered brilliant films in the past. I would be happy if people say that I have directed a movie on par with quality Tamil films rather than comparing with a Hollywood standard. Our films are always valuable to me. I don't watch many English movies.You look for fresh talent for your films. What about working with leading actors? Generally, actors are concerned about delays in the project. I took a lot time to complete my earlier films. They would have had a hesitation to commit to me. But, now, as I have finished Paradesi on time, I think they will feel free to work with me. Even I am open to work with any leading actor. I have seen Atharva's wonderful acting skills. I am sure he will become one of the top five heroes.It's said that you select and design the hairstyle of your actors. Yes , I do the initial hairstyling for them. The continuity will be taken care of by the hairstylist. The audience should not see a Vikram or Suriya in the role; they should be able to feel only the character. That's why I am very keen on changing the entire look of an actor.After Pithamagan, you have been roping in popular writers to write your screenplay and dialogues ... Those writers have inspired me a lot. Their work has turned me to filmmaking. Working with them is the right way to convey my respect for them. It will be unfair if I am not working with them when I am motivated by their creativity.There have been criticisms about the repetition of the same style of scenes in your films. Are you trying to avoid it in your upcoming movies? I have avoided it in my current film itself. I have the maturity to accept criticism.You have been directing off-beat films. How do you choose your story? Rich people don't interest me. There is nothing to peek into a luxury car. The life of the poor strikes me. Their darkness makes me direct realistic films. That's why I choose the dark genre. I don't sit and think to come up with a story. It comes on its own. Paradesi, for instance, portrays the life of the tea plantation workers. The story has both pain and humour in it. Everyday we drink tea, lots of conversations over tea happens at every nook and corner in the city. Aren't we supposed to know about the hardships of those who actually make the tea?None of the directors have delved seriously into the Sri Lankan issue so far. Do you have any plans to direct an out-and-out Sri Lankan Tamil issue-based script? I have been thinking to work on a Sri Lankan issue-based story. I'd like to touch the controversy from the roots. But practically it is not possible. Situations are like that. Though I'd like to, there are lots of difficulties in executing it. That's why most of the filmmakers don't delve into this.Many actors and technicians dream to work with you. Whom do you wish to work with? I'd like to work with Mani Ratnam as his assistant director. Any day, any time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551770", "title": "Is it the right time to invest in public issues?", "text": "After remaining dormant for several quarters, the primary market is showing signs of revival. A slew of public issues is slated to come out in the coming months, much to the delight of the market participants. \"The revival of the primary market is a positive sign because it reflects the improving sentiment. If any of the bigger issues turns out to be successful, it will enhance the sentiment further,\" says Vibhav Kapoor, group CIO, IL&amp;FS.;The forthcoming public issues can be broadly classified into three categories. The first lot includes IPOs of companies that were waiting for the sentiment to improve before tapping the market. Among these are some mega IPOs, including Bharti Infratel. The next set has PSUs that have been put on the block by the government. The third category comprises private-sector companies with a very high promoter holding. These companies have been asked by Sebi to reduce their promoter holding to 75% before June 2013. They may launch FPOs or take the new offer for sale (OFS) route offered by Sebi.Will this supply of new shares suck out the liquidity and bring down the overall market? Perhaps not, at least not in the near term. Experts believe there is no rush. \"There is a pipeline of issues, but this can't be called a rush. The companies are still deferring the issues because they are not able to get the right price,\" says Prithvi Haldea, chairman and managing director, Prime Database.However, this does not apply to PSUs and companies that have been asked to reduce their promoter holdings. The decision to go public has been forced on these companies and they have to act in a time-bound manner. The increased supply may bring down the prices of individual stocks.Invest or leave?For investors, the big question is whether to invest in the new issues. Though there is a lot of hype surrounding public issues, the IPOs that have come out in the past two years have not impressed with their performance, with the BSE IPO Index underperforming the broader market (see graph).Theoretically, the best time to invest in a stock is when it is about to start with its growth trajectory . So, IPOs give you an opportunity to participate in the growth prospects of that company. However , the reality is that investors can lose heavily if they put their money in overhyped IPOs.Why do investors get excited about IPOs? First, unlike other stocks that are already listed in the market, IPOs are pushed by the company's management , merchant bankers and brokerages. So, there is a concerted effort to market the shares. Second , some recent IPOs have given excellent returns, even though several others have failed to live up to the expectations.The problem is that when stocks are doing well, a lot of IPOs flood the market, and it is important to separate the chaff. The consumer product companies have been leading the market rally for the past 2-3 years and, therefore, it is natural that those like Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri and Lovable Lingerie feature in the list of winners. The pharma sector is another hot sector now and this explains why Aanjaneya Lifecare is in the list.A good IPO is one that is priced reasonably, leaving enough on the table for the investor. Coal India was one such issue, which created wealth for investors despite the sectoral and regulatory headwinds faced by the company. So the rules for evaluating an IPO are no different from choosing a stock in the secondary market.Since most IPOs will hit the market with a lot of hype, it is possible that retail investors get carried away. Here are some danger signs to watch out for:Exit strategy for promoters:Be careful if the IPO is an exit strategy for the promoters, private equity investors and venture capitalists, since most of them will be waiting for an opportunity to dump the stock on gullible investors. Study the offer document to know how much stake is being offloaded through the public issue. If the percentage is very high, it is a red flag for investors.Flavour of the month:Avoid low-quality companies trying to ride the theme of the month.Valuation is key:Even a good quality company at a high price is a bad investment. Make sure that the stock is not priced higher than the other stocks in the sector. Compare the PE ratios of the company with those of its peers. The list of IPOs in the pipeline is very long, but experts think that only a few of these will prove to be worthwhile investments . \"Except for the Bharti Infratel issue there is nothing much for retail investors,\" says Prithvi Haldea.Should you sell on listing?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551363", "title": "Corporation to provide land for waste treatment plant", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Corporation has decided to provide land to set up an advanced waste treatment plant at the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground. The plant, a long-pending demand of people, will be constructed under public-private-partnership model.The recently held all-party meeting of the corporation has decided to allot the needed land to the government, which had asked the civic body to provide 18 acres to set up the plant.Mayor A K Premajam said the civic body has decided to agree in-principle to provide land for the construction of an advanced treatment plant. \"We have decided to give the land on condition that the ownership of the land should be vested with the corporation as the plant is planned under PPP model. A final decision will be taken on the basis of terms and conditions of the government and the type of technology which will be used at the plant for the disposal of generated waste,\" said the mayor.\"Urban affairs minister Manhalamkuzhi Ali has said a decision on setting up of treatment plant here would be finalized before December end,\" she said. \"We hope we would be able to begin the work at the earliest,\" she said.The trenching ground is spread over 18 acres and the existing treatment plant, set up by Delhi-based IL&FS; four years ago, covers two acres. The contract of the existing plant will end on June, 2013. The civic body is actively considering a plan to extend the contract of the present company till the works on the new plant completes.Minister for social welfare and panchayat M K Muneer said the proposal is under the consideration of urban affairs minister. \"The government had received bids from seven companies for setting up the model solid waste treatment plant. Of these, the state government has shortlisted five companies,\" he said.A committee headed by local self-government department secretary is considering the technical and financial bids of the companies,\"which are expect to be completed in a month he said. \"A decision on type of technology to be used in waste disposal would be made only after opening bids,\" said Muneer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17551148", "title": "Three murders rock Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Three murders rocked the city since Saturday night.Around 11.30am on Sunday, a former rowdy-sheeter, was pulled out of his car and hacked to death in front of his wife by armed men at Shantipriya Layout, near Bommanahalli.Shivakumar alias Rudra was travelling in a Santro car with his wife on Begur Main Road. A Tata Sumo stopped in the path of the car in front of Government High School, while an autorickshaw rear-ended it. About seven-eight men wielding lethal weapons jumped out of the two vehicles, pulled Shivakumar out of the car, and hacked him.The gang fled, leaving behind the weapons. The car driver tried to get some help but Shivakumar died on the spot.A resident of Silver Jubilee Park area, near Town Hall, Shivakumar was an accused in the murder of Velu, another rowdy, in 2010. Police suspect Sunday's attack to have been executed to avenge Velu's murder.Man kills wifeOn Saturday night, a 23-year-old woman was bludgeoned to death by her husband in Kallasandra of Subramanyapura police limits.Ambika, 23, was clubbed to death allegedly by her husband Raghu using a staff used to prepare ragi mudde.A private firm employee, Raghu was married to Ambika, a garment factory employee, three years ago. The couple had a two-year-old son.Raghu was harassing Ambika for money to buy a new bike. On Saturday, after a bitter argument, Raghu allegedly clubbed her with a staff in the kitchen. Seeing her in a pool of blood, Raghu slipped from the house.Rushed to a nearby hospital by neighbours, Ambika was declared brought dead.Murder for liquorIn the third incident, a 45-year-old woman working as an attendant in a private hospital was murdered allegedly by her husband after she refused to pay him for liquor, in their residence in Dodda Nagamangala, off Hosur Road.The dead woman was identified as Narayanamma, a native of Malur. She was married to Venkatesh, a security guard at a private firm and an alcoholic.On Saturday night, Venkatesh went home drunk and demanded money from Narayanamma. After she refused to pay him, Venkatesh allegedly banged her head against the wall and went to sleep. On Sunday, Venkatesh woke up and found Narayanamma lying in a pool of blood.He rushed to his in-laws' house nearby, informed them that Narayanamma was not well and escaped. Narayanamma's parents rushed to her house to find her dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554194", "title": "Get into the Yuletide spirit", "text": "It is the season to be jolly . And in this spirit, The Leela Palace Bangalore is giving the city's foodies a chance to experience the season in all its glory with their gingerbread house, which is set against resonating carols and Yuletide finery in the Leela Galleria.Try choosing from the cinnamon stars, the Christmas plum cake or the Christmas plum pudding, the gingerbread chocolate and the selection of chocolate Santas, the marzipan chocolates and the mince pies, or the selection of Yule logs. The gingerbread house and the hotel's signature holiday events are on at The Leela Palace till January 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550371", "title": "Sleep on RTI queries, babus tell juniors", "text": "CHENNAI: Seeking and giving information under Right to Information Act has been a cat-and-mouse game for citizens and officials since the legislation came into effect in October, 2005. Now, senior bureaucrats are giving crash courses to public information officers (PIOs) on how to delay or deny information to applicants.At informal sessions, officers coach PIOs - responsible for giving information under the act - how to redirect queries or give vague replies. A PIO working for a university was asked to delay a file the applicant sought for inspection as the legal cell had to scrutinise it. \"First, I was asked to go on leave for a week. Then I had to say the section officer was on leave. The applicant, who should have been given the file in 45 days, got it after 60 days,\" said the PIO. The officials, however, are careful not to give these instructions in writing, as they could also be open to scrutiny under the act.A scientist at a national institute, to whom an RTI application was forwarded, said his senior was unhappy that he readily gave the details. \"Asking for information is their job,\" he quoted his boss as telling him, \"Not giving away everything is part of our job.\" The scientist said the senior administrator gave him a few tips on how to intentionally misdirect queries to delay things. \"While RTI activists are well versed with the act and pursue applications, many common people who seek information give up after long delays. This is the guiding reason for creating barricades,\" he added.That explains why the number of appeals filed before the State Information Commission has gone up. The commission does not have statistics on the overall RTI applications received by various departments. Neither does it have the total number of appeals (an applicant files an appeal with the commission if he/she isn't satisfied with the reply he receives from the PIO). But it says the number of appeals it disposed till September 2012 has gone up to 8,607 from 4,579 in 2011. State CIC K S Sripathi said he was not aware of any such training to delay replies.RTI appeals pile up as officials stonewall queriesAppeals against denial or delay of information under RTI have been piling up with the state information commission to the point that the commission lost count. RTI activists attribute this increase in appeals partly to the practice of senior officials training public information officers (PIOs) on ways to delay replies.Applicants approach the state commission when their RTI queries are not replied by government departments. State chief information commissioner K S Sripathi admits that the number of appeals has been going up, but he does not know the exact number of pending appeals or the reasons for the delay. \"We try to dispose appeals as soon as they come to us,\" he said, denying knowledge of officials training PIOs to fob off applicants. But many RTI activists disagree.In most cases, senior officials or heads of department help PIOs draft the replies, said advocate and RTI activist V S Suresh. \"Some of the replies are diplomatic, some are unreasonable and others are just stupid,\" he said.Replies to RTI applications filed by TOI shows that the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board chose to ignore a question on defaulters, forcing us to go on appeal. Chennai Corporation found another way to stonewall questions by saying, \"We do not have enough manpower or financial resources to provide the information.\" The state information commission, which is the implementing authority, has flouted the rule that a reply should be given in 30 days. An application by TOI has been pending since October.While the more enthusiastic ones among PIOs say they don't have the promised autonomy, many find the job an additional burden that doesn't pay extra. \"I have to work a lot to get information for every application. Why would I do that when I get nothing for it?\" asked a PIO at the state secretariat.The state chief information commissioner has powers to initiate action against PIOs who don't act on applications. Officials said they have issued show-cause notices to PIOs who don't give proper replies on time, but they did not have any number or details of action taken against such PIOs.\"Anyway,\" Sripathi said, \"what we want is better awareness, not just penalties.\" Lack of manpower and absence of digitised information also delay replies. Sections 4 (1) (a) and 4 (1)(b) of the Act speaks of regular cataloguing and indexing of registers in every office. But despite instructions from the state information commission, many departments don't upload revised information on their system. Some officials misuse of RTI by some applications should also be blamed for the pile-up. An official with the state information commission noted that several people seek information on several lands pattas to blackmail landholders. \"We have received 55 RTI applications from one applicant seeking details of various land deals,\" he said.Activists say the purpose of RTI is defeated if officials delay information. \"The information commission has to take stringent action against officials who refuse to give information,\" said Banu Kumar, executive director, Fifth Pillar, an NGO that backs the use of RTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555216", "title": "Besharam", "text": "CreditsDirector: Abhinav Singh Kashyap Cast: Ranbir Kapoor Banner: Reliance Entertainment Writer: Abhinav Singh Kashyap, Rajeev Barnwal Release Date: October 2, 2013SynopsisRanbir Kapoor plays the title role of Besharam and the film starts shooting today in Mumbai.Besharam is slated to release on 2nd Oct 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17552197", "title": "New institute of design", "text": "Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU), Delhi, has announced the setting up of an institute of design at its East campus. The university plans to establish the new institute on the lines of the National Institute of Design (NID). The institute will offer programmes in various disciplines of design including textile, manufacturing and interior, etc. The university is collaborating with NID to develop the curriculum for these programmes.According to DK Bandyopadhyay, vicechancellor , \"We already have a school for architecture and planning. With design having become a sought-after discipline in the contemporary world scenario, the new institute of design would be timely. There is a growing demand for professionals in this field. It will be an integrated institute of design.\" The institute will be able to accommodate around 1500 students. Besides, it will have hostels, a full-fledged library and other facilities.\"Students require both physical and mental space, and so we do not want it to become a crowded place. The programmes that will be offered will be interdisciplinary and are at a planning stage at the moment. The work on building the institute will begin early next year. It is expected to be ready for students between 2015 and 2016,\" informs Bandyopadhyay. Besides, the university is planning to start three new centres of studies as well \u00e2\u20ac\u201d study of indigenous literature, film and culture studies and development and planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554649", "title": "'Idu Rajini song' launched by Lata!", "text": "Raghava Lawrence, an ardent fan of the superstar Rajinikanth has come out with 'Idhu Rajini Song' as a birthday gift to Rajini and his fans. The song was launched by Mrs Latha Rajnikanth in the presence of Lawrence, composer Vijay Antony and lyricist Annamalai.Lawrence said that when he approached Rajni with the idea, the Superstar who shuns praise of any sort, was reluctant with the idea. But Lawrence managed to convince him. Music composer Vijay Antony said \"I am thrilled to compose the music and thereby associate myself with Rajini sir since I have never composed music for any film of his.\"Annamalai who bore the responsibility of writing the lyrics, studied old interviews of the Superstar to find out all he could before making the song. The song has a peppy beat and Lawrence has decided to make a video of it, for the Superstar's wedding anniversary as a gift, in February.The song can be downloaded free on the Net from www.soundcloud.com/ vijayantony .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17555296", "title": "Rs 9 crore sanctioned for Cotton Hill School", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government will provide Rs 9 crore for demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones at the Cotton Hill Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, said health minister V S Sivakumar. Sivakumar was speaking at the function where 15 new computer systems, bought using MLA Fund, were handed over to the school authorities.\"A new bus will be presented to the school in the next academic year. Also, 500 more seats will be provided to the school auditorium. All this by utilizing the MLA Fund,\" the minister said.Thiruvananthapuram Development Authority chairman P K Venugopal, principal headmistress Mary Sislet Princela SD, principal (HSS) Mini S, additional headmistress Oormila Devi KK and PTA president K Mohandas were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553942", "title": "'Machan' audio launched", "text": "The music of 'Machan' starring Karunaas, Vivek and Sakthi Chidambaram with Sheryll Brindo plying the heroine, was launched in Chennai on Friday. The film is being touted as the comeback venture of director Shakthi Chidambaram.As part of the audio launch, songs from the movie, composed by Srikanth Deva, were performed live by an orchestra at a popular shopping mall in Chennai.Karunas had earlier assured that ' Machan ' will be a laugh riot and that he is happy to share the screen space with Vivek. Director Shakthi Chidambaram has come out with a script which will tickle well the funny bone of the audience.Sakthi Chidambaram expressed hope that all the songs from ' Machan ', a comedy entertainer would emerge hits, since Srikanth Deva has come out with peppy and energetic tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17549773", "title": "Global think tank wants citizens to talk about Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Where do ordinary Mumbaikars go to steal a private moment in the bustle of daily life? How much space does the city accord to community activities? Can commuters themselves re-design a traffic junction in Bandra? These are only some of the questions that a global travelling think tank, BMW Guggenheim Lab, seeks to answer as it set foot in the city on Sunday.Housed in the Bhau Daji Lad museum at Rani Baug, the initiative is an urban experiment of sorts that seeks to connect the common man with the city. \"Our endeavour is to open up conversation about the city from professionals to everyday people with the hope that it results in new ideas and urban designs,\" said David van der Leer , curator of the lab.Over the next six weeks, the eclectic the lab teams will hold public discussions, workshops, screen films, conduct research projects and organize cultural activities in popular venues from Horniman Circle to Sambhaji Park in Mulund to capture the pulse of Mumbai as a global city.The project will also crowdsource ideas online through internet games and social networking sites.The group has already travelled to New York and Berlin and found encouraging response. In Berlin, citizens pressurized local authorities through the lab to place dedicated bike lanes in areas where they wanted them. New Yorkers on the other hand appropriated an abandoned park and turned it into a cultural centre.In aamchi Mumbai, the focus will be on the issue of public spaces, whether we can use them more efficiently or redesign such areas. \"We found that people were constantly looking to find privacy in public spaces,\" said de Leer. Accordingly, research organization PUKAR and Kamla Raheja school of Architecture have been roped in to identify where Mumbaikars hang out for a moment of privacy. The intention is for the findings to inform urban policy. To understand the city's urban fabric, the lab will also attempt in a first-time initiative to study space constraints in the context of population density and FSI.One of the projects they hope will draw many Mumbaikars is an initiative to rethink the traffic-clogged Kala Nagar junction in Bandra. \"Most people think only of parks when we mention urban space but we are trying to create a consciousness that even traffic junctions are public spaces,\" said Trupti Vaitla of the Mumbai Environmental Social Network. They will examine how citizens would like spaces under flyovers to be utilized, the state of gardens abutting the junction and welcome ideas on traffic flows in the area. \"We are working closely with the traffic commissioner and hope to have small implementable success stories,\" she said.The lab brings a fresh perspective to the study of urban areas. For instance, it will weigh the psychological impact spaces (or the lack of them) have on Mumbaikars. In another major initiative, Landlink Design Prototype, the Lab will look at the feasibility of whether water pipelines in the stretch between Bandra and Dharavi can be re-designed for more efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554168", "title": "Girls get adolescent lessons", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: On the first day of two-day programme 'Kanya Sibir', organized by Unit-VIII Saraswati Sishu Mandir, adolescent girls were imparted training on physical changes, personal hygiene, food habits, etiquette and moral values on Sunday. The school also invited mothers to the programme for interaction on different issues with experts and teachers.Pranati Sahu, a teacher of the school said, \"The main objective of the programme is to make adolescent girls aware of their needs and challenges. We also want to prepare the adolescent girls, who are vulnerable mentally, physically and psychologically, for all kinds of modern-day challenges. Their needs should be understood, for which the parents and teachers required counseling in keeping with the fast-changing world.\"About 120 adolescent girls of class-VII, IX and X of the school participated in the programme, where experts in different fields, including doctors, academicians, psychiatrists and counselors, took sessions and discussed different issues.Baijayanti Patnaik, another teacher, said, \"The span of adolescence has increased of late as children as young as seven years have been exposed to too many inputs, unlike in the past. The students would be given training about good-touch and bad-touch, to respect their relationships and on how to be responsible for small duties at home and in school and so on.\" Girls also asked questions on various health issues and other problems they face in their day to day life.Dr Madhabi Bhattacharjee, a homeopathic doctor, addressed various health issues of adolescent girls, told them about hormonal changes and gave them tips on personal hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554903", "title": "Anushka felt VB should be fed with vitamins", "text": "Anushka Sharma has always been a Vishal Bhardwaj fan. Even before she was taken aboard on 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola', she was all praises for Bhardwaj's past works like Kaminey and Omkara.In fact after watching Kaminey for the first time, Anushka Sharma was so impressed by the film that she told Shahid Kapoor (her then costar in Badmaash Company ) that director Vishal Bhardwaj should be fed with lot of special vitamins so that he can live longer and keep making movies for hundred years.Anushka had also watched Omkara before she had joined films and had simply loved the film. Later when Shahid introduced Anushka to Vishal Bhardwaj for the first time he also told him about the wonderful suggestion that Anushka Sharma had made. Vishal just laughed at the idea but Anushka was embarrassed that a director of Vishal Bhardwaj's level heard her childish banter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17552235", "title": "Snow to get Xmas bells ringing loud for tourists", "text": "MANALI: White Christmas is for sure this time with a strong possibility of snowfall after December 10. It's going to snow in Manali, say the weather experts, and also in the Gulaba and Marhi areas. Deodar and Oak trees and the snow-laden peaks are sure to give a great time to tourists.Plying of tourist cabs on the Manali-Rohtang highway is strictly prohibited but special arrangements would be made for tourists coming in during the Christmas week to enable them to catch a glimpse of the snow-covered peaks below the Rohtang Pass, said an official. Already, hundreds of booking enquiries for the Xmas week and the New Year's eve are being received every day.Devender Verma, who runs Hotel Regency, said: \"We expect a large number of tourists this season and most of them come here just to see it snowing.\"For Roshan Thakur, who is the general manager at Holiday Cottages and Resorts: \"We are very sure that visitors would get to see a White Christmas this time. The area around our hotel would be inundated with fresh snow.\"Meanwhile, it has now become risky to drive on the partially-frozen Rohtang Pass and, police have planned increased security during the celebrations. Also, the Himachal Pradesh tourism department would organize a party in its Club House, soon.Manali sub-divisional magistrate Balbir Thakur said: \"Taking into consideration the varying weather conditions, tourists will not be permitted to go beyond the Marhi area. They can have fun at Gulaba, Beas Nullah and Marhi. If Manali sees fresh snowfall, movement of tourists would be restricted accordingly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554241", "title": "Want to watch Dhoni play? Rush to Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Cricket fans who have plans to watch Mahendra Singh Dhoni sweat on his home ground will have to come down to Ranchi to buy the tickets for the India-England ODI scheduled for January 19.The Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) has decided to sell only 25,000 tickets for the ODI and that too only from the stadium here. Tickets will be available from counters set up on the stadium premises from January 10. The sale of tickets will end on January 13.JSCA president Amitabha Chaudhary said the tickets would be available for Rs 1,200, Rs 1,500, Rs 2,000, Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000. \"We will be selling only 25,000 tickets for general public. Each member of the JSCA will get five complimentary passes,\" said Chaudhary.Sources in the JSCA said the total capacity of the stadium is around 40,000.\"Around 15,000 seats are in various corporate boxes and lounges,\" said a source.Every ticket will have a bar code and a seat number on it.\"Even a child will need to have ticket to enter the stadium. To avoid last minute rush, the JSCA has also decided to open the gates for the day-night ODI from 11.30am. No one will be allowed to enter two hours after the match starts. The match is expected to start at 4.30pm and end at 10.30pm,\" an official said.JSCA secretary Rajesh Verma said the decision to sell tickets only from the stadium was taken to prevent any type of chaos and confusion. \"There may be some problem for outstation cricket-lovers to get the tickets, but the move will definitely make the event free from any chaos,\" said Verma who has been part of organizing many ODIs in Jharkhand in the past.To give local flavour to the match and the venue, the JSCA has also decided to name the pavilion, boxes and lounges after tribes, water falls, rivers and tribal languages of Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555227", "title": "BFF? The Darker Secrets, The Deeper Your Bonds", "text": "In Channel V's march towards being the only genuineyouth GEC in the country, comes its latest show, Best Friends Forever? A story ofintrigue, love, deceit, mystery, danger and betrayal, Best Friends Forever?, is ultimatelyabout the value of friendship in today's times. This thriller drama that revolves aroundthree best friends, one charming boyfriend and a mysterious entity that starts governingtheir lives and relationships, is set to change your telly world forever.Best Friends Forever?, set in a law college backdrop is about Sanjana, Ila, Vinnie and Varun. While Sanjana, Ila and Vinnie are the best of friends, they all fancy Varun in theirown way. Varun himself is not what he seems and has secrets and lies up his sleeve that can rock the lives of people around him. Moreover Sanjana, Ila and Vinnie are as different from each other as it gets and their actions will hold the key to where the BFFs land up. As the show progresses, the three Best Friends weave a complicated web of lies to protect each other, and more importantly - THEMSELVES. Can their friendship sustain the many challenges that befall them as they get caught in an intricate plot with many twists and turns? Will relationships remain the same in face of the storm that is about to hit the three Best Friends?Best Friends Forever? is the latest step in Channel V's consolidation of being the only genuine youth GEC in the country. In the last three years with a slew of bold programming initiatives, the channel has had a five-fold increase in its GRPs; thus, becoming a force to reckon with in the Hindi Speaking Markets. Already flirting with the top 10 channels in the country, if it continues the pace of growth it has maintained over the last three years, within the next three years it will be in the top 4 Hindi entertainment channels in the country among the youth, displacing some of the established heavyweights of the industry.Says Channel V GM &amp; EVP, Prem Kamath: \"one of the truths of this generation is their almost complete reliance on their peer groups for approval and reassurance of their choices. And with this come shared insecurities and hidden truths. Our latest tryst with a daily fiction explores a myriad of relationships amongst 3 best friends and those closest to their lives. It brings to life their conflicts in today's new age Facebook-Twitter ecosystem. We are really excited about this concept as it further consolidates the unique genre we've carved for ourselves, away from the niche of music channels that are loosely called youth entertainment. And Best Friends Forever is the kind of show which will help us continue to shine in our new identity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550206", "title": "Ignited minds of youth key assets: A P J Kalam", "text": "MUMBAI: Former President A P J Kalam on Sunday charmed over 3,000 students with his speech at St Stanislaus School in Bandra.Kalam, who made them take pledges on several issues, attended the school's sesquicentennial year celebrations. The theme of his address was 'Bharat 2020: Born for Greater Things'. Father Jude Fernandes, principal of St Stanislaus School, said, \"He was modest in his approach and he invited questions from the students.\" Around 3,000 students from over 40 schools in Bandra attended Sunday's event.\"Ignited minds of the youth are powerful resources for any country. Education is a tool in building the nation,\" said Kalam.\"Students were impressed with his style and approach. Instead of making it a monologue, he ensured it was interactive and students also participated. He even asked them if they were fine with the topic he intended to speak on,\" said Father Andrew Rodricks, who is in the governing body of the school.Later, Kalam also inaugurated a seminar on economics at R D National College in Bandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17550899", "title": "'Ram Charit Manas can heal'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The nine-day Ram Katha rendered by Morari Bapu started at Karnavati Club from Saturday afternoon. The katha has been organized by the club to support Gujarat Cancer Society and cancer patients in the state.\"Ram Charit Manas is not a nyayalaya (court) but aushadhalaya ( clinic ),\" said Morari Bapu. \"As the medicine works with physical ailments, the tale of Shri Ram works as a soothing balm for mental ailments and cures social diseases.\"Morari Bapu called on youth to attend the katha. \"What I ask is nine days of your life and I promise you that it would give you a new life,\" he said. \"As you go to a film and leave it midway if you don't like it, come to the katha and leave it peacefully if you don't find it interesting.\"He added that personal traits (swabhaav) are the root causes for all the problems in the world. The katha of Ram is tale of a common man and thus it brings the man closer to God as it shows the person as he or she is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556706", "title": "MLAs, MLCs to seek special package for Marathwada in winter session", "text": "AURANGABAD: The winter session of state legislature from Monday in Nagpur is expected to witness heated scenes on water crises in Marathwada region.A joint meeting of all the MLAs and MLCs from Marathwada will be held on Monday or Tuesday to decide the line of action to highlight the issue in the region. They are expected tomount pressure on the ruling party to declare a special package for the region.Shiv Sena MLA Sanjay Shirsat said the people's representatives would come together and raise the water scarcity issue. \"The leaders will forget political differences and join hands to fight for the people of Marathwada region,\" he told TOI on Sunday.The actual requirement of water for the people was more than 21 TMC but the government had released only 7 TMC water, he said. \"Many villages in the region are getting drinking water through tankers and the situation may go out of control in the months ahead. Aurangabad, Beed, Jalna, Osmanabad, Parbhani, Hingoli, Latur and Nanded districts are facing water shortage due to scanty rainfall in the current year. The state government will have to understand the gravity of the situation and announce a special package for the people of the region,\" he said.Deficit rainfall has negatively impacted the agricultural produce in the region. \"There is no fodder for the cattles and the farmers would face severe consequences. We will make the house aware of the ground realities of the region,\" he added. He said clearing regional backlog would also be on his agenda.MLC Satish Chavan also felt that the government was giving a step-motherly treatment to the people of the region. \"It seems that no one is following the guidelines related to water distribution. Due to pressure from certain pockets, the government is ignoring the larger interest of the people and that leads to water scarcity. We will make it a point that there should be a strict implementation of water distribution and similar situation could be averted,\" he said. The team would meet the governor and urge him to look into the matter.Chavan said being the representative from the graduate constituency, he would also highlight the problems of the teachers and the students. The teaching fraternity was looking for transparent and clear guidelines with reference to date of joining and date of confirmation while deciding the actual experience of the teachers. He was also planning to raise his voice for hiking the existing income limit for the economically backward students. At present, the limit is Rs 1 lakh per annum which he wants to be raised to Rs 5 lakh per annum.MLA Kalyan Kale said all MLAs would share a single platform for the water needs of the people. \"Water scarcity is the most sensitive issue in the region right now and we are all aware of it. We will put pressure on the government to declare a special package for the people of the region,\" he said.Showing concern for the farmers of the region, Kale said he would appeal to the government to come out with special schemes for the welfare of the poor farmers who would yield less agricultural produce following below average rainfall in Marathwada. Kale pointed out that he would demand early completion of irrigation projects in the region.MLC Kishanchand Tanwani also felt that the water shortage in the region would rock the winter session in Nagpur. He said he would join hands with other regional MLAs in putting pressure on the government for declaring special fund for the region. However, he would bring to the notice of the government that it should give funds on time after declaring it. \"We have seen instances when the government had delayed funds release. It will be as good as not offering any help to the affected people,\" he said.MLA Pradeep Jaiswal said Marathwada region should get its much deserved quota of 21 TMC water before December 2012. \"The overall development of Aurangabad and nearby places is dependent on availability of water in Jayakwadi dam and the people sitting at the helm of affairs should understand it. With no water in the dam, the region will register negative growth. We all committed to fight for it,\" he said.In addition, Jaiswal said he would ask for financial aid for the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ). \"There are many projects which need assistance from the state government. We will inform the house about the financial position of the civic body and request financial assistance of Rs 200 crore. The Government Medical College and Hospital needs funds and we will make efforts to get it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550062", "title": "CAT quashes order against 47 constables", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to 47 Delhi Police constables whose two years of services were forfeited each on allegations of corruption, the Central Administrative Tribunal has quashed the order against them and directed that they be allowed consequential benefits.\"The impugned orders...cannot be sustained and are hereby quashed and set aside. The applicants (constables) shall be given all consequential benefits from the date when the punishment was imposed, within a period of two months,\" said a CAT bench of its members George Paracken and Manjulika Gautam.The order came on a bunch of petitions by the 47 constables against whom the appellate authority of Delhi Police had ordered \"forfeiture of two years' service permanently entailing proportionate reduction in pay and the period of suspension being treated as period not spent on duty.\" A departmental inquiry was initiated against the constables in March 2009 on allegations of corruption, involving acceptance of money from bus operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551336", "title": "Church warns of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcviolence\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Taking a cue from the Idukki diocese of the Syro-Malabar church, on Sunday the church's diocese in Wayanad - yet another forested district - issued a pastoral letter on the 'tiger scare'.The pastoral letter by Mar Jose Porunnedam, bishop of Mananthavady, was read out in 104 churches under the diocese in Wayanad and 12 churches in Gudallur during the holy mass on Sunday. The pastoral letter 02/2012 Prot. No. 12944/ 2012 said that \"the people of the Wayanad district, which constitute the majority of the areas under the diocese, are living in fear of the tiger. The noble cause of environment protection is getting diverted and has drifted away from the ultimate aim of protecting human beings, due to the vested interests of certain sections. This will lead to violence and chaos,\" it said.The letter also added, \"The people fear not the tiger but those who are making their life miserable in the name of tiger conservation. We have a major role to play in this issue as a large number of our people are also involved.\"The move comes days after many church-run schools conducted candle-light prayers and staged protest marches by students demanding swift action by the authorities to end the tiger scare in Wayanad.A week ago, a tiger that wandered into human settlements in the district was hunted down and killed by forest officials following immense pressure from the local population.Fr. Thomas Joseph Therakam, public relations officer and spokesman of the diocese, told TOI that the diocese has formed a 15-member committee to study three issues - the tiger problem, the implementation of Madhav Gadgil report and the inclusion of Western Ghats in the World Heritage Site list. The committee will prepare a comprehensive report soon.However, environmentalists say that the church had gone overboard on the tiger issue. \"The schools run by the church had pushed even tiny children to the roads with very provocative posters against the tiger. The church reaction on the issue has been very inflammatory,\" Wayanad Prakrithi Samrakshana Samithi President, N Badusha, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553379", "title": "Fardeen tweets about wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s miscarriage", "text": "In October, a happy Fardeen Khan had announced his impending fatherhood on a social networking site. His tweet read, \" I am delighted to announce that my wife is a very healthy 13 weeks pregnant and we are expecting twins.\"Yesterday, he wrote again. And unfortunately, this time around, his tweet read: \"As delighted as we were to announce Natasha's pregnancy, I am equally saddened to say she had a late miscarriage.\"With his friends starting to inquire about his wife's health, the actor soon declared on the social platform: \" Most importantly, Natasha is in good health and can have a try again. This half-pint I married is a warrior in every sense.\"We wish the couple a speedy recovery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17554154", "title": "Block development officers directed to finish housing project work by December-end", "text": "GARHWA: The district administration, annoyed by the slow progress of works under Indira Awaas Yojana, has asked officials to belt up and finish construction of houses by end of December.Deputy commissioner R P Sinha expressed strong displeasure over the delay in the last four years and ordered all block development officers (BDOs) in the district to either complete projects by December end or face consequences. The directive was given at a review meeting on Saturday.\"I have warned all the BDOs to complete the pending Indira Awaas Yojana houses by end of this month. If they fail to meet the deadline, action will be taken against them,\" he said.Despite repeated orders by the district administration, there has been no progress in work. As a result, about 5,000 Indira Awaas have been lying incomplete for the past four years.The deputy commissioner has already taken steps against BDOs who failed to expedite work in their respective zones and has stopped paying salaries them.Meanwhile, taking serious note of the complaint against many BDOs who often remain absent from their respective block offices, Sinha said, \"People coming from faraway places have to face many difficulties when they find the BDO absent from the block office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17550177", "title": "Newlyweds leap from terrace, hubby survives", "text": "THANE: A 30-year-old computer professional from Kalwa survived an alleged suicide attempt, but his 25-year-old newly-wed wife died on the spot after the couple reportedly jumped from the terrace of the four-storey Jai Trimurti apartments on Sunday.According to the police, Swapnil Chandrakant Nikte, suffered serious injures and has been rushed to the Thane civil hospital but his wife, Sai, died on the spot.The incident, which took place on Sunday evening, sent ripples of shock in the neighbourhood. Residents of the area said the incident was the most unexpected as the young couple, who got married just six months ago, seemed to be very happy. Nikte is said to be employed with Patni Computers.The Kalwa police said preliminary inquiries with Nikte's parents revealed that there was no immediate provocation for them to commit suicide. Nikte's father is understood to have told the police that his son and daughter-in-law had informed them that they are going to the terrace and would be back shortly.The distraught father was not in a position to explain to the police whether there were any arguments or differences of opinion between the two in recent times. The police have recorded an accidental death report and are probing the reasons for the fall and death of Nikte's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554906", "title": "Post IPO announcement news BSE's share shoots up by Rs 90", "text": "INDORE: Soon after the announcement that the country's oldest stock exchange, the Bombay stock Exchange (BSE), will bring its IPO next year, the price of its share has gone up in the unofficial market. A source familiar with the development said that the BSE share's price is currently ruling at Rs 290, up by Rs 90 as against the earlier existing mark of Rs 200 in a short span of three days.The two companies from Madhya Pradesh listed at BSE and but being traded through Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange (MPSE) include Pilani Investments and Star Delta Transformers. Apart from it, there are nearly 20 other companies in the state waiting in the wings to be listed at the BSE through MPSE.Talking to ToI, the director of MPSE, Ashish Goyal, said, \"MPSE is a partner of the BSE under section 13 of the Securities Contrast &amp; Regulation Act and is already active with more than 100 members spread around 13 states. Apart from it, MPSE also holds some shares at BSE. In fact, it has opened the door for more exchanges to come up with their IPOs in future.\" It is for the first time that any equity exchange will be bringing its IPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550308", "title": "Body identified, cops on lookout for killers", "text": "NASHIK: Upnagar police have identified the person whose body was found near Dream Citi on Nashik-Pune Road on Saturday. He was identified as Rahul Pardeshi of Khadkali area.Senior police inspector of Upnagar police station Babasaheb Budhwant said that they began investigations with the help of Bhadrakali police station who had a missing person complaint in their jurisdiction. Family members of the deceased were called by the Upnagar police station on Sunday to identify the body which was handed over after identification.Meanwhile, Budhwant said the culprits would be arrested as they had zeroed in on a few suspects with whom Pardeshi had his last conservation from his cellphone. According to the police though they have identified the killers they do not want to give their names as it would alert them.Pedestrians found the body with wounds made by sharp weapons on the neck, stomach and back. Sources said that Pardeshi was involved in petty crimes and may have been killed by other criminals. Police have sought cellphone records of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17551385", "title": "Tusker found dead at areca nut farm in Wayanad", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A wild elephant was found dead at a private farm at Chenjedivayal under Naikuppa section of South Wayanad forest division on Sunday morning.The body of the tusker, estimated to be 20-years-old, was found by local residents at an areca nut farm.Chethalayam range officer Radhakrishna Lal, who conducted the inquest, said that the body did not have any visible injury marks.Veterniary surgeons who did the postmortem said that the cause of the death of elephant could be established only after detailed chemical examination of body parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551879", "title": "England stutter before seven-wicket win against India", "text": "KOLKATA: If the historic win over Australia under Sourav Ganguly at the Eden Gardens in 2001 was a high-point in the history of Indian cricket, the seven-wicket drubbing, that was handed out by England to MS Dhoni and his boys here on Sunday, will surely rank among the lowest.Scorecard | Match in PicsIt was India's first Test defeat at the Eden Gardens since 1999 and England's first win here since 1977. A 2-1 lead in the four-Test series means England only need to avoid a defeat in Nagpur to emerge victorious for the first time since 1985.Sunday's loss also marked India's first back-to-back Test defeats at home since the 0-2 loss to South Africa in 1999-2000, severely denting their 'tigers-at-home' status.Alastair Cook and his mates, having failed to wrap up victory on Saturday despite an extended last session of play, completed the formalities in 55 minutes on the final day. However, there was enough drama before the inevitable happened with India reducing England to eight for three in pursuit of a 41-run victory target.Ravichandran Ashwin, who was unbeaten on 83 overnight, made his intentions clear by launching into Steven Finn, hitting him for two boundaries in the very first over of the day to race to 91.But James Anderson clean bowled - the off-bail taking an eternity to dislodge - Pragyan Ojha at the other end to deprive Ashwin of a well-deserved century.Ashwin, though, was not done yet. The offie bowling with the new ball, had the in-form Cook stumped off his fifth ball. Cook, who danced down was beaten by the flight and Dhoni effected a neat stumping.Ojha, who shared the new ball with Ashwin, trapped Jonathan Trott in front of the stumps in the fourth over of the innings. Excitement reached fever pitch when Ashwin found Kevin Pietersen's outside edge.With England reduced to eight for three, the Barmy Army in the stands was shocked into silence. But England were not to be denied. Ian Bell and Nick Compton spent a few anxious moments but soon saw England home in 12.1 overs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17550345", "title": "Gurgaon to get high-tech greenhouse", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon administration's new technology-driven agricultural initiative, a 'high-tech greenhouse', is nearing the date of its inauguration. According to sources, the facility was awaiting the sanction of a power connection for the last few months, and with this job now done, talks have begun to make the greenhouse operational.According to the blueprints of the project, the Gurgaon-based greenhouse will be used to improve agricultural production in Haryana by growing high-yield and high-quality fruits and vegetables. \"The plantation will be done using a new Israeli irrigation technology that was very recently introduced in Haryana,\" said an official.Instead of being dependent on the heat produced by the sun, as greenhouses generally are, the new facility will have a temperature regulation unit of its own. \"Depending on the kind of crops, and the amount of heat needed, the temperatures within the high-tech greenhouse will be controlled,\" the official added.Setting the greenhouse-spread over an area of more than 2,000 square metre - has cost around Rs 76 lakh, according to official reports. A similar electricity controlled greenhouse is coming up in the Rohtak district. \"Such setups are important as they will help the state improve its crop yield. It will also make available seedlings of better quality to Haryana's farmers,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "17551118", "title": "Akali worker assaults home guard, held", "text": "GURDASPUR: Punjab police on Sunday arrested a Shiromani Akali Dal worker for assaulting a Home Guards jawan. Inderpal Singh, the SAD worker, had allegedly assaulted Home Guards jawan Gurnam Singh who was on traffic duty in Gurdaspur on Friday.Gurnam was beaten up and his shirt was torn after he had stopped Inderpal for checking the vehicle papers. Police officials said that Inderpal and his associates attacked Gurnam when he tried to take the keys of the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17555325", "title": "Passport collection centres to close down in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: The regional passport office (RPO) has decided to close down the application collection centres in Bharuch, Valsad and Navsari with immediate effect following the success of online application system.RPO sources said that more than 95 per cent of the applicants in south Gujarat have been using the online system for sending their passport applications at the centre. Thus, the department has decided to close down the collection centres in sub-urban areas like Navsari, Valsad and Bharuch.Sources said RPO in the diamond city is the most busiest centre in the state with more than 450 applications per day. Now, the department has decided to cater to 500 applicants per day. \"South Gujarat has the maximum presence of residents travelling abroad. On an average, the RPO has been catering to 450 applicants per day, which will be increased to 500 per day in the next few days,\" said a senior passport officer. tnnD B Mahajan, passport officer, said, \"We have been receiving passport applications online from the entire south Gujarat. Thus, we have felt a need to urgently close down the collection centres.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "17550229", "title": "Soon, monorail between Gurgaon and Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: The Haryana government is considering to introduce monorail between Faridabad and Gurgaon, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said on Sunday.The modalities of the project would be worked out, Hooda said addressing a rally in Faridabad.On the occasion, Hooda %also announced a bonanza %of incentives for the people of Faridabad, which included construction of a road from Bata Chowk to B K Civil %Hospital costing Rs 12 crore and rehabilitation of people living in slum areas after %carrying out survey in %February 2013.In view of the problem of shortage of power supply in the state, the chief minister said soon 20 to 22 hours uninterrupted power supply would be provided to all cities and villages of Haryana.Hooda also said that on invitation of Bhutan's Prime Minister, he would visit the country regarding setting up of a new hydel power project there. He said that under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission, developmental works costing Rs 849 crore were being implemented in Faridabad.Hooda said that efforts were being made to extend the Metro Rail line upto Ballabhgarh. Referring to the issue of unauthorised colonies which is lying pending in the court, the chief minster said that he was well aware of the problem being faced by the people of Haryana and if necessary, a new law would be enacted on the pattern of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550004", "title": "Cong slams Shiv Sena's demand to rename Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: As a war of nerves between the Shiv Sena and the administration continues over the issue of a memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park, the Congress on Sunday slammed the demand to rename the park.Accusing the Sena of playing sectarian politics in the name of Chhatrapati Shivaji, state Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said there was no need to rename the Dadar ground as 'Shiv Teertha'.\"Attempts by the Sena to rename Shivaji Park, which the British rulers named after Chhatrapati Shivaji, clearly indicate that the Maratha king is no longer of any significance to the Sena. The Thackerays are trying to distort Maharashtra's history,\" said Sawant.The Sena, which controls the civic body, plans to introduce a resolution in the BMC House to rename Shivaji Park. \"The Congress has decided to oppose the resolution in the civic body meeting,\" Sawant said.\"The Sena should not hurt the pride of the Marathi 'manoos' by sticking to its demand,\" he added.On Sunday, Sainiks continued to keep vigil at the site where Thackeray was cremated on November 18. Party workers from Thane, Mira-Bhayander and Kalyan have been roped in to guard the temporary structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17555783", "title": "10 lakh postcards to President for expedition of broad gauge project", "text": "Silchar: The All Barak Youth and Students Association (Abysa) has strongly protested against the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR)'s decision to defer the timeframe for completion of the 214-km Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion project again by one year.Abysa on Sunday said the railways have again failed the December 2013 deadline as the authorities this week announced that the project may be completed by December 2014.\"The national project, the foundation for which was laid long ago in 1996, has been marred by extraordinary delay due to negligence and corrupt practices on the part of the authorities and some construction organizations. At first, the project was set to be completed by 2006. Later, the NFR changed the deadline to 2009, then to 2012 and again to December 2013. But now, the railways have a new target of December 2014. We will not allow repetition of this negligence. We are going for series of agitations from Monday onwards,\" said Abysa chief convener Baharul Islam Barbhuiya on Sunday.He said Abysa would send 10 lakh postcards to President Pranab Mukherjee starting Monday seeking his interference to ensure early completion of the project. During the next six months, the members of the organization will collect signatures of all sections of people across Barak Valley on postcards that will be sent to the President highlighting the demands.Besides this, Abysa members on Monday will burn the effigy of railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal in Silchar, Karimganj and Hailakandi separately in protest against delay in the project.On December 17, separate memorandums will be sent to the President, the Prime Minister and the railway minister through post to ensure that the Rs 4073.5-crore project, which was declared a national project in 2004, is completed without further delay.Abysa also alleged that ABCI Infrastructures Pvt Ltd, which is responsible for the construction of a major part of the Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion project, is causing extraordinary delay in the project and is responsible for failing of the deadline so many times.Railway sources said the Lumding-Silchar-Jiribam-Badarpur-Kumarghat gauge conversion project (Lumding-Silchar is 214 km), which is 368.46 km long, was sanctioned in 1996-97. But due to insurgency in the North Cachar Hills (now Dima Hasao) and shortage in budgetary allocations in the early years, it was delayed, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554115", "title": "'Witches' haunt women empowerment in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Archer Deepika Kumari and hockey player Asunta Lakra are among few women who have made Jharkhand proud. It is women empowerment in a state that is just 12 years old and had remained underdeveloped for a long time.However, a closer look at the social contours of Jharkhand makes claim of enlightenment a farce. Rising cases of witch-hunting has scared the so-called progressive face of Jharkhand.According to the National Crime Bureau records, as many as 1,157 women were branded as witch and killed in Jharkhand between 1991 and 2010. Ranchi leads among other districts with 250 cases of witch-hunting in 10 years, followed by 185 cases in East Singhbhum and 125 in Bokaro. Between January and October 2012, 31 cases of witch-hunting have been reported in the state.On November 30, Sumi Hansda, 60, was recently beheaded by her neighbour Somai Mardi, who suspected her to be a witch and blamed Hansda for his illness. Similarly, on July 18, an elderly couple was made to eat human excreta and drink urine by panchayat members of a village in Latehar after being charged of practising witchcraft.\"Victims of witch-hunting are usually old or widowed women. These women are victimized for their property, or due to problems in the family or for sexual exploitation,\" said Vasvi Kiro, a member of the Jharkhand Women's Commission.\"The only way to curb this social evil is to educate women and give them political freedom. These evil practices can be fought only by empowering women,\" Kiro added. The Constitution, however, has the Prevention of Witch (Daain) Practices Act, 2001, which is completely ineffective. Any individual convicted for killing of a 'witch' will be given 3-6 months of imprisonment with a penalty of up to Rs 1,000-2,000.Tapesh Kumar Singh, a Supreme Court advocate, who attended a workshop organized by the Jharkhand Women's Commission for creating awareness against witch-hunting a year before, said, \"Killing a woman who is branded as witch does not come under Section 302 of IPC but under Section 34 of the Prevention of Witch Practices Act. This is just like legitimizing and promoting witch-hunting.\"Social welfare minister of the state Vimla Pradhan said the state is working hard against the social malice.\"An amount of Rs 20 lakh was allotted by the department to organize workshops, publicity campaigns through the Jharkhand Information and Public Relations Department to fight the evil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552252", "title": "Trio dupes finance firm of Rs 83 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan have booked three suspects for allegedly duping a finance company to the tune of Rs 83.52 lakh by depositing fake gold ornaments. The incident took place between October and February this year.The suspects applied for a loan at the company's office at Gokhale Smarak chowk and deposited about 4 kg of gold and took Rs 87.27 lakh as loan against that, assistant police inspector Manohar Kulkarni said on Sunday. \"The suspects returned Rs 61,400 to the company as interest,\" he said.When the suspects stopped making interest payments, the company checked the ornaments they had deposited and found that the ornaments were made from copper, Kulkarni said.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Arun Sen, territory manager of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554073", "title": "Information panel chiefs spent Rs 7.70 lakh on LTC, reveals RTI response", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Information commissioners in Odisha spent around Rs 7.70 lakh on holidaying availing Leave Travel Concession (LTC) in six years from 2006 to 2011, information obtained under Right to Information (RTI) Act has revealed.Former state chief information commissioner (CIC) D N Padhi spent around Rs 4 lakh between 2006 and 2010. He availed the benefits 11 times, which included trips with his wife and single tours, RTI activist Pradip Pradhan said. Current CIC Tarun Kanti Mishra has availed LTC thrice. Information commissioner Jagadanand Mohanty and former commissioners Radhamohan and Pramod Mohanty availed the benefits once each. The four spent a total amount of around Rs 3 lakh between 2007 and 2011. All information commisssioners appointed so far in Odisha have availed LTC.Pradhan questioned the huge sum on LTC spending. \"The commissioners are not regular government servants. They are entitled to a consolidated monthly salary (now about Rs 1,50,000 per month). How can they avail LTC and other such ancillary benefits like regular government servants?\" Pradhan said.During the days of travel, they are entitled to get salary and allowances as usual and the whole expenses are borne from the state exchequer. But the commissioners have taken money for LTC as per their sweet will, Pradhan added. The commissioners are appointees of a specially created statutory body. They are required to work on a mission mode. More than 6,000 cases were disposed of without giving opportunity of hearing to appellants and by simply remanding them to the First Appellate Authority, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17554667", "title": "Tribals in Wayanad set an example in eco-conservation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a model for eco-conservation and tourism that could well be adapted across the country, tribals are now keeping a 24/7 watch on the porous borders of Wayanad wildlife sanctuary.In this self-sustained employment generation model, these tribal-guards get paid through revenue generated from eco-tourism initiatives run by members from tribal families, who work as trekking guides, drivers and hut-keepers.\"It is an organic relationship. While some of them work to promote tourism, others work as conservationists in the 324-km Wayanad sanctuary,'' divisional forest officer, Wayanad (south) range, P Dhanesh Kumar says.The sanctuary is facing severe ecological challenges like man-animal conflict and encroachments in its buffer zones and the hugely short-staffed forest department's protection force has been struggling to guard this expansive forest area.The Wayand sanctuary, the second largest sanctuary in the state, has been recognized as a world heritage site by the Unesco .Forest officials said a 70-member-strong tribal community had now completed 20,000 working hours in the buffer zones of the forest. \"This is for the first time that such a concept is being tried out successfully. We are providing livelihood to tribals and more significantly they act as vigilantes and play a larger role in forest conservation,'' Kumar says.The villages adjoining the sanctuary have been seeing an increasing number of man-animal conflicts, and also largescale encroachment in the buffer zones of the sanctuary. \"The tribals restrict the entry of animals into agriculture fields, playing drums and keeping a watch for the entire night. They raise alarms against poaching and illegal wood cutting. They also inform the forest guards if they find any suspicious activity in the forest,'' says Kumar, who was conferred the wildlife service award by Sanctuary Asia recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554374", "title": "Ramesh insists on transparency in rural schemes", "text": "RANCHI: Jairam Ramesh on Sunday asked the state rural development department to put all information on development projects till date on its official website at the earliest.The Union rural development minister's directive was issued at a review meeting in Jharkhand. Ramesh assessed the progress in several welfare projects, particularly the Saranda Development Plan, in Jharkhand. The meeting was attended by deputy chief minister Sudesh Kumar Mahato, chief secretary S K Choudhary, and other officers from various departments, including state police and Central Reserve Police Force.Talking to mediapersons after the meeting, Ramesh said he had asked the state government to put details of 78,000 wells constructed under MGNREGA. \"We expect that it will be done at the earliest,\" said the minister. \"Let people know where the government has dug these 78,000 wells and constructed around 1,200-km rural road under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) in 2011-12,\" he added.Ramesh had asked the state government to upload details on its website for transparent functioning of the department more than three months ago. He had even written to chief minister Arjun Munda requesting him to put pressure on the department to upload data. Despite these, the state failed to bring in complete transparency.Sources with knowledge of minutes of the meeting said the minister repeatedly sought transparency in implementing the projects. \"More than three months have passed and the department has failed to comply with the minister's directive, which has annoyed the Union minister,\" the source said.Officials in the rural development department said the minister insisted on transparency because claims made by the BJP-led state government contradicted ground reality. \"The (Union) minister feels that the moment details about the wells, such as exact location, expenditure incurred, name of the beneficiary and area covered, are put on website, it will expose the state as many wells have been dug only on papers,\" said an official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17550836", "title": "Cop kills wife and daughter over delay in opening door", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Unable to tolerate the delay in his family opening the door for him, a cop killed his wife and seven-year-old daughter at Dubba area in Nizamabad town after midnight on Saturday.According to police, Thanduri Venkatesh, a constable working with Thadwai police station attacked his wife Vanaja (31) and daughter Padmasri with a wooden handle of mortar. Both of them died with multiple head injuries.Venkatesh came home at around 1.30 am in an inebriated state and knocked on the door for a while but it wasn't opened. Enraged over the delay in opening door, he first injured his wife and then the daughter who came to rescue her mother. Venkatesh slept as usual after injuring the both, who were found dead when he woke up in the morning.Their son, who saw the incident, ran away from the spot and hid in a secret place outside the house. Fearing an attack from the wife's family members, the accused cop surrendered before Three Town police who registered a case and questioned the accused. Venkatesh, who was addicted to alcohol, used to harass Vanaja. Unable to tolerate the torture, she had also complained to the district superintendent of police. Venkatesh also underwent counselling by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551276", "title": "Govt OKs seven flood protection schemes", "text": "PATNA: The Flood Control Board on Saturday approved seven out of the 417 proposed flood protection schemes worth Rs 985.09 crore for 2013. The 48th meeting of the board was held here under the chairmanship of CM Nitish Kumar.Each of these seven schemes costs over Rs 30 crore. They include construction of sluice, tagging bandh and edge protection work at Belwa in Sheohar district on Bagmati river (at an outlay of Rs 67 crore), Bagaha town protection scheme, phase II, in East Champaran (Rs 147.15 crore), raising and strengthening of doab embankment, Bairgania ring bandh and Lalbakia river's left and right embankment in East Champaran and Sitamarhi districts (Rs 33.96 crore) and anti-erosion work at Ramayanpur, Meghutola to Paharpur on the left bank of Ganga in Katihar district (Rs 81.21 crore).The other works include extension of right embankment of Kamla Balan in Darbhanga district, anti-erosion work on the left bank of Ganga in upstream of Vikramshila Setu and anti-erosion work on the left embankment of Ganga downstream of Vikramshila Setu, both in Bhagalpur district, at a combined cost of Rs 235 crore.The board has directed the engineers and officials of water resources department to go for spot verification in connection with the flood protection scheme for the population of Yogapatti in East Champaran and prepare a detailed project report in consultation with the board.The CM directed for scientific identification of flood-prone areas and preparation of a network of all zamindari bandhs which should be put on the government website. All the public representatives should be asked to give their opinion on them. Maintenance of all these bandhs will be the responsibility of water resources department (WRD).The board also decided to include Jehanabad among the flood-prone districts. In another major decision, the responsibility of land acquisition has been entrusted to water resources department instead of district land acquisition officer. Now, all the land acquisition work will be done by special land acquisition officer, WRD.The meeting was attended by WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, revenue and land reforms minister Ramai Ram, planning and development minister Narendra Narayan Yadav, disaster management minister Renu Kumari and chief secretary A K Sinha, besides the senior officials of these departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550689", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPurandeswari playing politics\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu on Sunday wrote an open letter to the fans of party founder and former chief minister late NTR, explaining how Union minister Daggubati Purandeswari was 'playing politics' in her bid to take the credit for installing the late leader's statue on the premises of Parliament.Last week Purandeswari had written an open letter to the NTR fans claiming that the Lok Sabha Speaker had permitted her to install a statue of her father near Parliament building. In the wake of this, Naidu wrote a similar letter addressing the fans and criticised Purandeswari and Congress for 'playing politics' with the issue.\"Despite the TDP writing a series of letters to the Speaker, we didn't get any positive response. Now, Purandeswari is claiming to have got the permission in September of this year itself. She is revealing this fact after three months for reasons best known to her. I request the fans of NTR to understand the politics behind it,\" Naidu said in the letter. He said the TDP would launch a signature campaign to urge the Union government to bestow Bharath Ratna on NTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550054", "title": "After father, 4-year-old succumbs to dengue", "text": "MUMBAI: In a span of three days, two members of the same family in Malwani fell victim to dengue, taking the death toll in the city to five this year. Four-year-old Tasneem, whose father Tariq Jafari, a tax agent, died of dengue last Wednesday, lost her fight against the mosquito-borne infection on Sunday morning.Tasneem's condition remained critical throughout the last week as she got referred from one hospital to another.She was first admitted to Suchak Hospital in Malad and then referred to the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital at Andheri, where her dengue diagnosis was confirmed. Later, she was admitted to the civic-run BYL Nair Hospital at Mumbai Central as her mother Shakila, who too has been suffering from the dengue infection, had to be admitted there.Even when she was being shifted from the paediatric intensive care unit of Kokilaben hospital to the ICU of Nair Hospital on Friday, her condition was serious as the infection had started affecting her organs. Her liver functions that had started deteriorating could never be revived and that ultimately led to her condition becoming irreversible. Many dengue cases this year had an involvement of the liver, something typically seen in malaria cases.Tasneem was conscious till Friday even as she had developed breathing problems. She had respiratory distress caused by fluid accumulation in her right chest. Professor and head of pediatric department at the Nair Hospital Dr Sandeep Bavdekar confirmed that the liver failure complicated things for Tasneem. He however, said that the girl did not suffer any bleeding, commonly seen in serious dengue cases. \"She was clearly suffering from a very virulent form of the virus but it is difficult to say which form it was,\" he said.Dr Bavdekar said that in children complications set in when they suffer dual infection. Dengue is caused by four viruses and repeated infections from varying strains can make treatment very difficult for such patients. \"It is possible that Tasneem could have been infected by two strains of the virus but there is no way to prove it. In any case, the form of virus has no bearing on the treatment,\" he said. He said that in cases of dual infection, the first attack is mostly mild. But, when the dengue fever returns in the next few days, it takes a dangerous form.This year dengue has claimed two children, the first one being an eight-year-old girl from Dharavi. Dengue that has officially affected 907 people so far this year is known to affect children more.Tasneem's mother Shakila was inconsolable, and immediately sought discharge from the Nair Hospital as soon as she was informed about the death. Doctors at the Nair Hospital said her condition was stable though she needed few more days of hospitalization. Residents of the area in Malwani where they resided are livid over the deaths. They claimed that there has been an outbreak of dengue in the area but the vector control measures have been inadequate. The city has had over 907 cases so far, a figure that many private physicians claim does not depict the real havoc caused by dengue in the city this year.Officials from the BMC said that there was no need to panic. A rapid survey of the area was carried out soon after Tariq's death last week. The survey had found only eight cases of fever and no dengue cases, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17549824", "title": "Maharashtra may permit 24/7 eateries near Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to permit eateries within 500 metres of important railway junctions like Churchgate, CST, Dadar and Andheri to operate through the night.Satej Patil, minister of state for home, said that there would be no relaxation in norms for restaurants or hotels where liquor is served. \"We held a couple of meetings to implement the changes and will soon take a concrete decision,\" he said. \"Many people in the city work till late night. Some miss their last trains and are forced to spend the night on or near railway stations. Mumbai is also an international destination. Many passengers landing in the city after stepping out of the airport do not get anything to munch. To ensure that the commuters, late-night moviegoers, employees delayed at work or those working in night shifts have the facility of tea, coffee, soft drinks and even meals, we are exploring this idea.''A few years ago, the state had planned to make the city a 24-hour shopping destination by keeping markets stay open through the night but the proposal was dropped as it would have led to massive power consumption.Currently, the title of the city that never sleeps is a misnomer due to archaic laws that govern the opening and closing hours of the hotels and restaurants under the Shops and Establishments Act, 1948. Currently, regular eating places operate till 12.30am, hotels serving liquor are allowed to remain open till 1.30am and discotheques in four-and five star hotels are allowed to stay functional till 3am.According to Patil allowing eateries to stay operational for the entire night will help the BMC in generating additional revenue. \"Hotels will earn revenue by staying open the entire night. Hence, the civic body should make food joints an additional source of income and levy reasonable extra charges on the joints that operate round the clock,\" Patil said.The proposed move has been welcomed by citizens. Rahul Ketkar an employee with a call centre in suburban Mumbai, said, \"Many people like me have to work in shifts. Not every management has canteen facility. Hence many who work in night shifts find it difficult to get food at night. Changing the rules will help people like me get a bite, or drink tea or coffee in the wee hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17554995", "title": "Computer lab inaugurated", "text": "MANGALORE: Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director, Corporation Bank , inaugurated Navachethana computer lab of Navachethana Education Trust, Neermarga, recently. Meenakshi Kumar, guest of honour released a school calendar prepared by Rotary Club of Mangalore on this occasion. Navachethana Education Trust provides education to children who belong to economically backward classes and currently educates around 650 students.The bank has taken interest in the upliftment of the school and as a first initiative it has sponsored 10 computers to the trust with the aim of imparting computer education to students so as to help them keep abreast on today's technology.Ajai Kumar said given the importance of technology in the present day world and evolution of technology over the years, Indian has become a major outsourcing capital for the clients worldwide.He also reflected about the industry trends before evolution of technology and the present state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551498", "title": "Common man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rockstar has the crowd pumping their fists", "text": "Arvind Kejriwal is the common man's rock star. Expansive gestures, dramatic statements, stirring sentiment and calling in chorus responses are his tools to rouse an audience already primed to hear that change and a cleaner government are in the realm of reality.The leader of the newlyformed Aam Aadmi party was in conversation with Times Now's Arnab Goswami on Sunday morning at the TOI Literary Carnival. Twenty minutes before the activist-turned politician was due to arrive for the session, which began at 9.30am, the hall was packed; people jostled, bagged seats, and sneakily dragged chairs forward to get closer to the stage. By the time the two walked in, there was barely room enough to stand. A ripple ran through the audience as Kejriwal walked in; cheers, whistles, and applause greeted him.\"In the last few months, the words 'aam admi' (common man) have empowered people. They no longer shout 'Rahul Gandhi zindabad', they should 'aam aadmi zindabad',\" he said to Goswami's opening question on Anna Hazare withdrawing support to his party. \"This has happened because of Annaji's leadership. I don't know why Annaji has said this. He had said he would campaign for us, in two days he changed his mind.\"Kejriwal justified his entry into politics saying the twoyear fight for a strong anticorruption bill had been in vain. \"We have realized that all political parties are in collusion . If we had a strong bill, Robert Vadra and Nitin Gadkari would be in jail, most politicians would be in jail. Why would they pass a bill like that? Till such time as we have genuine people in Parliament, they will not pass the bill,\" he said.In the style of a prophet, he asked the audience, \"How many of you think we were wrong to enter politics?\" A few hands went up. \"How many of you think we were right to enter politics?\" A wave of hands filled the air. With the faintest touch of satisfaction, Kejriwal declared: \"This is the answer. This is the only way to clean up the politics of this country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550837", "title": "Promotion quota bill may stall reforms rush", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post-FDI, Congress's hope of upping the ante on economic reforms will face the challenge of 'promotion quota', with arch-rivals SP and BSP vowing confrontation in Parliament.The government has listed the Constitution amendment bill in Rajya Sabha for Monday. BSP has made 'promotion quota' the centerpiece of its agenda while the Samajwadi Party has vowed to stall it. UPA managers conceded the upper House is likely to face blockade in the coming days till the warring SP and BSP agree to talk. It could hit the government's plan to bring more contentious legislations like those relating to banking and insurance. The banking amendment is likely to come up in the lower House on Monday.Samajwadis against promotion quota billThe promotion quota bill could put the remaining part of the winter session under a cloud since there seems no getting away from the contentious bill.The Centre has committed itself to restoring reservations in promotions and has to appease BSP. However, the Samajwadis are opposing the quota move with their eyes on votes from upper castes and OBCs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d social groups that can dramatically alter the electoral equations if they coalesce on the anti-dalit plank.SP MP Naresh Aggarwal said, \"We will not accept it. You cannot compromise the efficiency of the system by ignoring 82% people.\" The rabid tone from SP ranks hints at heightened protests though party leaders said the future strategy would be finalized ahead of Monday's proceedings. UPA managers apprehend the din could be prolonged because SP and BSP see the standoff as giving them a chance to grandstand.\"Both are appealing to their supporters. While the Samajwadis have an eye on backwards and upper castes, Mayawati is looking to solidify her base by being seen as their sole champion. This may reduce the incentive on compromise,\" a leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555260", "title": "Cashier murder: Cops still clueless", "text": "BHOPAL: After eight days of extensive investigation and examining call details of close to thousand of persons, the police have yet to get a clue about the killer of a woman cashier, Meera Ahuja of central region power distribution company. The woman cashier was murdered and cash of Rs 2 lakh was looted from the company's Koh-e-Fiza office here on December 1.\"The case is being investigated with all possible angles. We are questioning habitual offenders and have also quizzed employees of the power company, but nothing concrete has been ascertained so far. Bhopal police have no clue of any person detained from Indore in this regard,\" Arvind Saxena, SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17554208", "title": "Rourkela Steel Plant staffer alleges sexual harassment", "text": "ROURKELA: A female staffer of Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) has alleged sexual exploitation by a senior officer. She recently lodged a complaint against the deputy general manager in sector-3 police station.\"A case has been registered and investigation is on,\" said SP (Rourkela) Himanshu Lal. The accused has reportedly gone on leave. \"We had gone to his quarter but he was not at home,\" said a senior police officer.Reports said the officer tried to gain sympathy of the woman by cooking up a story that his wife was bed-ridden. Tried of his repeated plea for friendship, she finally lodged the complaint. She also submitted a photocopy of the document undersigned by him where he had admitted to his fault. The woman had got the job after the demise of her husband. RSP authorities declined comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17551356", "title": "IAF ready for biggest air exercise 'Iron Fist'", "text": "JAISALMER: The Indian Air Force will conduct its first ever day-night exercise and display its full combat capability during 'Iron Fist' to be held at Pokhran firing ranges here from February 22, 2013.Work at the new air strip in Pokhran range has started and will soon be operationally ready for this mega event. IAF sources said all preparations of the program has been completed.President Pranab Mukherjee, air and defence attaches of 50 friendly countries are likely to witness the full combat power of the IAF during 'Iron Fist'.The pre-firing demonstration and rehearsal for the first ever day and night event will be in December last week. About 100 different aircraft Sukhoi 30, Mirage 2000, Jaguar , MIG 21, attack helicopters, UAV and high-tech AWACS will display their potential, an official said. The transport aircraft taking part in the exercise will include AN-32, Embraer, IL-76, IL-78 and C-130J while Mi-17V5 and Mi-35 attack helicopters will constitute the rotary wing ingredients.The Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) will be used to monitor the mammoth exercise, while an unmanned aerial vehicle will stream live video images of the targets set for destruction. The air defence activities will include firing of surface-to-air guided missiles.In addition to several aircraft participating from all IAF commands, many standby aircraft in air and an equal number on the ground will make the exercise one of the biggest air power demonstration ever. Trials of few newly acquired equipment are also likely to take place during the show to check their efficacy.Mock radar sites, tanks, marshalling yards, terrorist camps, runway, BMP, blast pens and convoys are among the few targets that the IAF pilots will seek to destroy during the exercise. Para-drop and troop insertion of Garudas (IAF's special force) to neutralize a mock terrorist camp will also be on display.Such fire power demonstration will be a collective display of skills and accuracy in weapon delivery by pilots at the end of their training year. The exercise will also aid commanders and planners to attain better insight into the IAF's potential and the deployment capabilities of aerial weapons, said defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami.The President and supreme commander of the armed forces Pranab Mukherjee , Rajasthan Governor Margaret Alva, defence minister A K Antony, state chief minister Ashok Gehlot , MoS for defence, marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh, the three service chiefs, senior MoD officials, foreign military attaches of various countries and other senior members of the Union government and the armed forces are likely to witness the fire power demonstration, an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554679", "title": "Man arrested for attacking a school teacher", "text": "INDORE: A 61-year-old woman teacher was allegedly attacked by a drunkard in Simrol area here on Saturday afternoon. The accused was later arrested. has been arrested.Simrol police in-charge, Ajit Kumar Patel said that the victim Manorama Sadaful is a teacher in a local primary school in Pathan Pipliya. She had sent a girl to fetch some water for drinking from her home which lies in its vicinity. as her house falls in nearby areas.The girl was returning to the school with a jug of water when a drunkard Pyarelal Singh intercepted and took the jug from her. He threw the jug on the teacher, who sustained minor injuries. She was rushed to local hospital, said Patel.The accused has been booked under section 353 of IPC. Police have booked the accused under section 353 of IPC and sent him to the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17551668", "title": "Jacintha to be buried in India: Hubby", "text": "LONDON: Indian-origin nurse Jacintha Saldanha, who is believed to have committed suicide in London on Friday , will be buried in India.In a Facebook posting, her husband Benedict Barboza wrote, \"I am devastated with the tragic loss of my beloved wife Jacintha in tragic circumstances . She will be laid to rest in Shirva (in Karnataka), India.\"But it may be some time before Jacintha's body is taken to India. Police investigating her death have described it as \"unexplained\" . Asked by TOI how exactly she killed herself, a spokesman for London's metropolitan cops replied, \"The cause will not be known until a post mortem examination .\" This won't happen until Monday , which will also see the start of an inquest. Only after this will the body be released for its journey to India.Saldanha, 46, was a nurse at London's prestigious King Edward VII Hospital, where members of the British royal family generally receive treatment. She was called the \"queen's nurse\" by her friends and was one of the nurses who during the last week had attended to Prince William's pregnant wife, Kate Middleton , admitted for suffering from a severe form of morning sickness.During Middleton's hospitalization , Saldanha was fooled by a prank phone call from a radio jockey in Sydney who pretended to be Queen Elizabeth and asked for details of Middleton's condition. An unsuspecting Saldanha transferred the call to another nurse, for the information.Lord Glenarthur, chairman of King Edward VII hospital, has written to the owners of the Sydney radio station , accusing them of \"truly appalling judgment\" . Sources said Saldanha was \"traumatized\" by the incident and the media coverage of it.The hospital claimed Saldanha had not been disciplined over being duped by the prank call. The British royal family is quite saddened by Saldanha apparently taking her life. William announced that he is withdrawing from attending a military tournament on Sunday night to spend time with his wife. Scotland Yard has made preliminary contact with its counterpart in Sydney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551807", "title": "Students allege goof up in exam at Nanak college", "text": "NAGPUR: Confusion and chaos prevailed at Guru Nanak Engineering and Technology College, near Kalmeshwar, due to a technical snag during the recruitment process of Maharashtra Directorate of Economics and Statistics on Sunday.According to students, the college was one of the centres where online examination for posts of research and statistics assistants and investigation assistant was held. Students from different parts of Vidarbha region, including those from Akola and Amravati, had turned up in large numbers for the exam which was supposed to be conducted at three different schedules. However, the college authorities could not be contacted for their comment.\"Due to the snag, the students faced difficulty and were not able login to their respective IDs,\" a student told TOI.Other students added that the examination hall was packed to its capacity and the aspirants were made to sit in the same class. \"The capacity of the hall was just 50 students but the colleges authorities forced more students into the room, leading to commotion,\" another student alleged, adding that they finally rang up the police who reached the spot.The aspirants further claimed that the college authorities passed the buck on Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) for the mess as online examination was being held under their control.(Reporting by Charles Salve)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555911", "title": "Raleigh takes youths\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 help to better villagers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 lives", "text": "MYSORE: Tribal villages in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu borders have access to sanitation, while the villagers are aware of hygiene and groundwater pollution. Their kitchens run on biogas and houses are lit with solar energy.Thanks to Raleigh India programme which is a unit of Centre for Tribal Rural Development (CTRD) Trust, which joined local NGOs like MYKAPS and MYRADA to ensure quality life for the villagers. Raleigh, a youth and education charity organization, was set up here four years ago. Youths in 18-25 age group have been working on sustainable, community and environmental projects.Speaking about their programmes, country director of Raleigh India Mark Ashby said youths acquire life skills to do good to the communities. They come from UK, Germany, the Netherlands, Malaysia, Indonesia, Australia and India.The project is named as International Citizen Service.The youths, after being made to be part of groups, are sent to remote villages for community project for three months. They work alongside the communities to improve their quality of life. \"So far, the youths have built around 650 eco-sanitation units and 40 biogas, low-cost houses and conducted thousands of health camps in the last four years,\" Mark said, adding: \"The three-month programmes make them understand the cultural differences between their countries, and share knowledge on food, music, language and religion.\"Describing eco-sanitation units as \"clever toilets\", he said they provide a safe and convenient environment.A villager from Hosakeresunda said his family feels secure now. \"Earlier, I was worried about children as there were chances of their being bitten by snakes and trampled by elephants. But bio-toilets have put an end to my worries\". Another villager in Kandegala said: \"We prefer using the organic fertilizer produced at bio-toilets than subsidized chemical fertilizer as it is of poorer quality\".Apart from it, Raleigh India conducts adventure projects for Indians and foreigners -- they trek over mountain ranges and through rainforests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555074", "title": "Special guests for Shiv &amp; Anandi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wedding!", "text": "The moment has finally arrived for fans to rejoice! Tonight's episode of Balika Vadhu on Colors' is going to be special for two reasons. Namely, Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla) and Anandi's ( Pratyusha Banerjee) wedding is going to be a samuhik vivah and joining them in their celebrations are two special guests!As the entire nation has been awaiting this special moment in Shiv and Anandi's life, Megha (Aakanksha Singh) and Mohan ( Kunal Karan Kapoor) of Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha fame will come as journalists to cover the event live from Jaitsar and will witness the rituals of a Marwari wedding.This is a great way to promote the second season of Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha which makes its comeback sometime in January of next year. Talking about this special episode, Aakanksha Singh says, \"It has been a really nice experience shooting with the cast of Balika Vadhu . I have always watched this show and it was a great opportunity for me to work with the team. I have always liked Surekha ji's (dadisa) work, so it was a great to finally meet her. Balika Vadhu is the no.1 show of the channel and many people watch it. So to be a part of this special episode was a good experience\".Adding, \"I'm excited for season two of Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha and am looking forward to it and I'm also happy that we are making a comeback on the same channel\".This comes as a double treat for fans as they get to witness their favourite stars in the same frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554415", "title": "IMC to seek loan from HUDCO for BRTS traffic signals", "text": "INDORE: Struggling to get fund from union government for installing intelligence transport signal along the Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS), Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will now take loan from housing and urban development corporation limited (HUDCO) for the same.After getting the loan as guaranteed by state government, the civic body expects to complete the delayed 11.5 km long BRTS corridor, install intelligence transport signal, control room and start the service from next year.Mayor, Krishnamurari Moghe, on Saturday said most of the BRTS work is complete and the delay in its operation was due to the delay in release of funds from the Centre. \"Installation of signal and control room- which is a must for starting the BRTS - will cost about Rs 60 crore, out of which Rs 29 crore was supposed to be funded by union government under JNNURM. But despite our repeated appeals and guarantee from state government, the union government has refused to release fund,\" Moghe said.He further said, since the construction of BRTS is almost over, it cannot be left as it is, even if the Centre does not give us fund. \"After consultation with state government, it has been decided that civic body will approach HUDCO for loan to install signals,\" said the mayor, adding that 80% of repayment of loan will be done by state government and remaining 20% will be repaid by the civic body.Meanwhile, AICTCL has already awarded a contract to UK-based Sarco Ltd for the operation and maintenance of BRTS. Initial inspection of BRTS bus is being done by civic official and batch of 50 special BRTS buses are expected to arrive in city soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553824", "title": "Aamir sends gifts to honour killing victim's family", "text": "The elder brother of slain Abdul Hakim , a victim of honour killing in the district, on Sunday claimed actor Aamir Khan has assured him and his family of all possible help.Shakir, who returned from Mumbai on Saturday night, said that he met Khan two days ago.He said the actor had assured him of all possible help and also took the account number of Hakim's wife to provide monetary aid to the bereaved family.Hakim and his wife Mehwish had appeared in an episode of TV show Satyamev Jayate which is hosted by Khan.Both belonged to different social strata had married against the will of their family.Mehwish claimed that it was a case of honour killing as they had married against the wishes of her parents.\"The actor has sent silver bangles, clothes for children and dry fruits for Mehwish,\" Shakir said, adding, \"the widow's bank account number was also taken by Khan.\"All the five accused have been arrested for the honour killing of Hakim, who was shot dead on November 22 on GT Road in Bulandshahr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17550982", "title": "Government backs golf course in tiny Tiracol", "text": "MAPUSA: Considering it as its corporate social responsibility, the New Delhi-based firm Leading Hotels Ltd who are planning to set up a golf course at Tiracol donated an ambulance to the residents of Tiracol in the presence of health minister Laxmikant Parsekar.The state government has approved the proposal to set up a golf course at Tiracol village of Pernem taluka after the committee constituted under the chairmanship of the earlier tourism minister has accepted the offer of the New Delhi-based Leading Hotels Ltd, to set up a PGA-standard golf course with allied services.Tiracol is a ward of Kerim village panchayat in Mandrem constituency, which consists of about 60-odd families. The only connectivity to Tiracol from the mainland is a ferry at Kerim.Water, electricity and telephone services are obtained from Maharashtra.The ambulance keys were handed over to the Tiracol residence welfare association president Caridade Dias by the health minister Parsekar.Chief executive officer of the Leading Hotels Ltd Sandip Ganguly said that they will not destroy the natural beauty of the village but craft their project in the harmony with nature and in full respect to the environment and villagers. \"The project of a setting up a golf course was selected because a golf course is the least intrusive sports development project, it is nondestructive and rather beautifies nature,\" Sandip Ganguly said.Ganguly assured that Tiracol village will be a \"model village\" in the state and his firm is committed to assisting the government to develop physical infrastructure and getting electricity, and water connection to the village.He said that his company is providing the state government with designs at its cost for the Tiracol bridge.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said that the project will not be at the cost of the villagers but the company also intends to provide parallel benefits to the locals. \"Company is moving ahead with the project as the previous government had given in-principle permissions to the project,\" Laxmikant Parsekar said.A section of villagers under the banner of St Anthony Tenant Mundkar Association (SATMA) also gave a memorandum to the health minister that they don't want the golf course but they want to preserve their land for the future generations.Parsekar said that some people misled the locals that Leading Hotels Ltd will destroy the village. \"I'm aware of the differences. There should not be groupism in the village. Differences should not widen when any project is coming. It should be in the interest of the entire community,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17554366", "title": "Jagannath temple to remain open on New Year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s eve", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lord Jagannath will remain awake throughout the night on December 31 to help devotees catch a glimpse of him at the Puri temple right from the New Year dawn. The temple administration took the decision on Saturday evening.\"Since all roads will lead to Puri on the New Year day, the temple's sanctum sanctorum will not be closed on the previous night,\" temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee told media persons. \"Devotees can enter the sanctum sanctorum during sahanmela in morning. Schedule of the rituals has been finalized,\" Padhee said.He said barricades would be erected outside the temple to ensure devotees enter the temple in queues. Padhee, also the revenue divisional commissioner, is scheduled to hold a meeting with the Puri SP soon to chalk out security measures for the New Year day.The shrine administration keeps the shrine gate open throughout the night on selected occasions. On normal days, the temple gate is locked between 11.30 pm and 12 midnight.Pilgrims, as expected, hailed the move. \"It is indeed a good step. Pilgrims will get more time to have a darshan of the deities,\" said Pramod Hota, a devotee.The devotees, however, asked the temple body not to facilitate VVIP darshan on January 1. Significantly, the temple witnessed chaos and a stampede-like situation after the shrine body allowed elite visitors to go near the deities in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550367", "title": "Tehri dam sitting on an active fault: Indian seismologists", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is an active fault beneath the Tehri dam that enhances the earthquake risk, scientists of the National Geophysical Research Institute have reported. The Tehri dam is located near Tehri town in Uttarakhand in the Kumaon-Garhwal Himalayas region.\"The tectonic loading on this active fault due to local seismicity, coupled with the reservoir loading and unloading, may generate earthquake(s) and cause additional seismic risk in this critically stressed region,\" Sandeep Gupta and co-workers in NGRI claim in their report in the latest issue of \"Current Science\" published by the Indian Academy of Sciences.They say their conclusion is based on evidence obtained by mapping of the seismicity pattern in the Kumaon-Garhwal Himalayas region in general and around the Tehri dam in particular, using observations from a temporary seismological network they operated for over 39 months during 2005-2008. During this period, over 20 earthquakes of magnitude 1.6-2.8 on the Richter scale were recorded in a 20-km radius of dam site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17554443", "title": "Unkept promises cheat traders", "text": "One of the commercial hubs of the city, Feroze Gandhi market is rapidly becoming an eyesore owing to lack of cleanliness. Other pressing problems like insufficient parking space and failure of authorities to remove the illegal car bazaar despite court orders have robbed the market of the appearance if not distinction as a prominent business centre.\"Rush and traffic jams are common here and nothing has been done to improve the state of affairs. Vehicles are parked haphazardly on roads, leading to congestion. A multi-storey parking lot is a necessity,\" Model Town resident Ramandeep said. Showroom owners and other businessmen in the city are apprehensive of the absence of amenities causing dip in profits by repelling customers. \"Civic authorities have neglected the market, which houses head offices of banks and other financial institutions. Parking remains a major issue. The original plan of the market provided for a multi-level parking. The court also directed authorities to build such a parking lot but it has not been done so far,\" said Ashim Nagpal, a resident of College Road who has a showroom in the market.SBS Nagar resident and a showroom Charanjeet Singh Sandhu regrets his decision to venture into the place. \"We bought these showrooms as this was supposed to be a planned market with proper amenities,\" he said.Karam Singh Sidhu, an NRI, feels similarly cheated. \"It is difficult to find a tenant in the absence of required facilities. We have paid money to the government and should have proper facilities,\" he said. The Traders and Property Owners' Association of Feroze Gandhi market will stop paying house tax in protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550737", "title": "Nizam's relative goes to Ghulam Nabi Azad to resolve property issue", "text": "HYDERABAD: A relative of the late seventh Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan met with the Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in New Delhi and sought his help in resolving the disputes involving the ownership of properties left behind by the former ruler of Hyderabad State.The meeting between Najaf Ali Khan, the grandson of the Nizam, and Azad on Friday last, gains significance against the backdrop of reports that the present head of the former ruling family Mir Barkat Ali Khan aka Prince Mukarram Jah is unwell in Istanbul , Turkey . There are also reports that some properties of the Nizam are on sale in Mumbai. In a statement on Sunday Najaf Ali Khan said that Azad who is in-charge of AP has promised him necessary help. \"The minister was courteous. I have told him about the unsettled issues related to properties of my grandfather. Many of these properties are now with the governments of India, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh , for which no compensation has been paid. He has promised help,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550355", "title": "India to sign legal aid treaty with 4 nations", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will sign Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty in criminal matters with four more countries including Israel and Oman next year. The treaty facilitates mutual assistance between two countries in prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime.\"Discussions on treaties have already been initiated at official level with four countries including Israel, Oman, Azerbaijan and Nepal. Formal signing will take place next year,\" an MHA official said. At present, India has this treaty with 32 countries including US, South Africa, UK, Canada, France, Switzerland, Iran, Russia, Egypt and UAE. This agreement assumes importance in combating trans-national organized crimes, drug trafficking, money laundering, terrorism, counterfeit currency and smuggling of arms and explosives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "sherpur chowk", "code": "17554317", "title": "Electric poles, vehicles hold up 6-laning of NH 1", "text": "SHERPUR CHOWK: Electric poles which compete for space with vehicles on the middle of the under-construction road along the Ludhiana-Delhi National Highway, between Sherpur Chowk and Dhandari Kalan, does not reflect well on authorities responsible for six-laning work.Considering that work on six-laning of NH one from Ludhiana to Delhi has been on from 2009, time constraint is not to blame for authorities failure to relocate the poles. The slow pace of work from Sherpur Chowk and Dhandari Kalan has made the centre of the road a veritable parking lot.Neeraj Sharma, a businessman from Civil Lines who has an industrial unit at Focal Point, said, \"The road from Sherpur Chowk to Dhandari Kalan is perhaps the most congested along the highway. We are anxiously waiting for six-laning to be completed soon\". An industrialist with a unit at Focal Point said, \"The pace of the work is slow and people from the industrial units use stretches under construction to park their vehicles. One can see many trucks, big load carriers and small vehicles parked on the road.\" He pointed out that electricity poles and transformers have hindered the six-laning work.However, deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari said most of the obstructions have been cleared. \"We have cleared most obstructions for six-laning of the road. As far as electric poles on the road from Sherpur Chowk to Dhandari Kalan are concerned, they may not be in the way and if they are, they will soon be relocated. We hold frequent meetings with NHAI and discuss these issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17554387", "title": "No police station in five Garhwa blocks", "text": "GARHWA: Around two years after their creation, five blocks in the district are still without police stations, creating difficulties to the people coming from far-away places for various work.The five blocks without police stations are Ketar, Bardiha, Bishunpura, Danda and Sagma. They have become unsafe for the absence of police presence. There are 19 blocks in the district.Sources said these blocks were created for all-round development. \"All the five blocks are considered vulnerable to Maoist attacks because of its topographical location as they are situated adjacent to Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh,\" said a police officer in the district.While administrative officials have been posted or given additional charge in all these blocks, most of them prefer to stay either at the district headquarters or any other place instead of staying at the block headquarters because of security reasons. Although officials come to the block office every day from a distance of 25-30 km, they return after disposing of a few file. Local residents feel themselves insecure because of non-existence of police stations there.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said they were in search of a suitable land for construction of police stations in these blocks. \"After finding suitable land for construction of police station, the construction process will begin by the police housing corporation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17554413", "title": "PDS shop opened in Red-hit block", "text": "GUMLA: The administration in the Naxalite-hit Palkot block has now acquired a people's face. The residents here have got access to administration and their long standing troubles are also taken care of.Government schemes like PDS, old age pension, midday meal (MDM), housing scheme are now under the spectrum of execution.Forest dwellers of Boradih had to trek 11 km down to Dahupani panchayat here to procure ration and kerosene from the PDS shop. They had been demanding opening of the shop in their locality.\"A licence to open PDS has been approved for local women SHG of Boradih and ration and kerosene for distribution will soon be lifted for distribution,\" said BDO Manjunath Bhajantri. \"I have asked all cluster resource persons under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan(SSA) to place status report of MDM and I have asked to offer meal to children as per the prescribed menu during my visit to the schools,\" said Bhajantri who is on probation in the district.Problems of the people, especially the villagers of remote habitations, submitted in the block office are being processed for quick action. He has asked the villagers to meet him without any hesitation. Their problems will be solved within a certain timeframe. \"Why should the people wait for a long time to getting their grievances redressed,\" he said.Middlemen who grab money from beneficiaries of the housing scheme will no longer be tolerated on block premises, said Bhajanti who has directed his officials to this effect.\"Stern action will be taken against block officials if they are found involved in corrupt practices,\" Bhajantri added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17550841", "title": "Constable sets pregnant wife on fire", "text": "GUNTUR: In a shocking incident, a police constable set his wife on fire here on Sunday. The pregnant victim is struggling for her life at the Government General Hospital (GGH), Guntur where she was admitted by him. He fled the scene immediately after admitting his wife to the hospital with serious burns.According to information, J Kishore Babu, an armed reserve constable working in the urban SP's office in Guntur, met Pavani Priya during his training in Hyderabad. Kishore and Pavani, who was doing her diploma in ophthalmology, fell in love and got married without informing their parents. But five months ago, Pavani's parents found out about the marriage when she became pregnant. Pavan's parents met Kishore and pressured him to make their marriage official.Promising to do so, Kishore urged Pavani's parents to give him some time so that he could convince his father and mother. He asked Pavani to stay with her parents till then at Vengalayapalem on the outskirts of Guntur and used to visit her regularly.Meanwhile, without informing Pavani's family, Kishore married another woman about two months ago. However, Pavani and her parents grew suspicious when Kishore started staying away from them for the last two months. Finally, to their utter shock, they discovered Kishore's second marriage.Kishore tried to pacify Pavani by promising to take care of her as well. But Pavani opposed his second marriage and demanded that he stay with her.Annoyed with Pavani, Kishore poured kerosene on her and set her on fire on Sunday. He, however, immediately realised the seriousness of his act and tried to douse the fire. Even before the locals rushed to the spot, Kishore took Pavani to GGH and got her admitted.Pavani, in her statement to the doctors and police at GGH, said her husband had set her on fire for questioning him about his second marriage. A case has been registered and police have launched a manhunt to nab the constable. Upon information, urban SP Ake Ravikrishna visited the GGH and enquired about Pavani's condition and assured her of stringent action against the cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17553998", "title": "Trisha pips the Khans!", "text": "South Indian actress Trisha Krishnan has beaten the three Khans - Shahrukh, Salman and Aamir, as she has emerged as one of the most downloaded actors on mobile phones in 2012. In a survey conducted by Airtel Mobitude 2012, Trisha's images were downloaded 325% higher than the numbers seen for top five Bollywood actors including Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan.It's been more than 10 years since Trisha made her debut and she has acted with almost all the top stars in Telugu and Tamil cinema. On the other hand, Katrina Kaif , Kareena Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra , Anushka Sharma and Vidya Balan grabbed the top five places in the list of most downloaded Bollywood female celebrities.Shahrukh Khan led the category of Bollywood actors' wallpaper downloads, with Salman Khan , Ajay Devgn, Akshay Kumar and Ranbir Kapoor in the top five. Aamir Khan did not fare in this list for the third year in a row.Currently, she's shooting for her upcoming Tamil film ' Endrendrum Punnagai ' and her upcoming Tamil film ' Samar ' starring Vishal is slated for release later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17550088", "title": "Citizens demand justice for youth", "text": "DOMBIVLI: More than 1,000 people participated in a candlelight march in Dombivli (E) on Sunday evening to demand justice for 19-year-old Santosh Vichivara who was stabbed to death when he confronted a group of five, including four minors, that had allegedly passed lewd remarks at his female friend on December 3.Citizens holding candles walked from Navneet Nagar complex, where Santosh was stabbed to death, to Deslepada circle, which is roughly a km away, and back. Santosh's widowed mother Vimal, a cancer patient, also participated in the vigil. The march was organized by the residents of Navneet Nagar complex, which is owned by the Kutchi Jain community.Vimal said, \"I want the accused be awarded the maximum punishment for their heinous crime.\" OrganizerThe girl's family stayed away from the protest. One of the family members said, \"She has been upset after the incident. She wants the maximum punishment for the accused and will always stand by Santosh's family.\"Counselling sessionThane police chief K P Raghuvanshi is organizing a counselling session for college students, social workers and politicians on Tuesday in Savlaram Mhatre Sports Complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555214", "title": "Cash, jewellery worth Rs 5L stolen from Hotel Tansen", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash and ornaments went missing from three rooms of Hotel Tansen - operated by Madhya Pradesh tourism development corporation (MPTDC) - during a wedding ceremony at Gwalior on Saturday morning.The theft amounts to Rs 5 lakh, including Rs 3.5 lakh in cash, said sources. Gwalior-based businessman Mohan Sahu, had booked three rooms number 307, 308 and 309 for the wedding ceremony.It is learnt that unidentified miscreants made away with the valuables while Sahu and his family members were busy making arrangements for the marriage rituals. Police failed to get a substantial clue about theft in the hotel's CCTV footage. An insider's role is being suspected, said sources adding this was the third such attempt in the hotel in the last three years.Other MPSRTC hotels too have witnessed similar thefts in the recent years. Valuables worth Rs 21 lakh had gone stolen from an NRI's room at hotel Lake View Ashoka in Bhopal in January earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17551479", "title": "Carmel students showcase their best", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days of dedicated practice culminated in a brilliant performance by Carmel Convent School students who staged a play based on their founder, Mother Veronica. While students were happy that the hard work reached fruition, they were reluctant to let go of the days of fun and creativity during practice.Yashaswini, a participant stated, \"I can't believe the annual day is finally here. After today, there will be no more mischief and no more practice. I will miss all this.\" As the day progressed, teachers egged students on to do their best on stage.Instructing students to put their best foot forward, a teacher said, \"Please switch on the mikes when you reach the stage, be loud and clear, don't panic and even if you are, don't let on.\"Students participating in the angel dance looked the part, in their beautiful costumes. Class VIII student Kainath said, \"I feel magnificent. The dance shows the transition from the life of a beautiful maiden to the simplicity of nuns.\"Neharika, one of the dancers of the prayer dance said, \"It feels extraordinarily different. We put in so much effort, I hope it is appreciated.\"The narrator, Rhea Khanna said the event, with all the effort that had gone into it, would be a cherished memory.According to Aashita Singh, one of the tenors from the choir, \"We learnt a lot. We practiced for three months and have learnt such lovely composition for life.\"Vatsala, a proud member of the choir said, \"The Carmel choir is renowned and this year's choir will also leave you spell bound. The costume of the choir is made to highlight the simplicity of Mother Veronica's life.\"Sharon, a student of Class VIII, participating in the Malayalam dance said, \"I am so excited, I have no clue of what's going to happen on stage but I hope the traditional performance lives up to expectations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17550354", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal eyes balanced growth for district", "text": "NASHIK: Guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Sunday said new industries should be set up at tehsil places that were well-connected by four-laned roads.He was speaking at an interview organised on Sunday at Nashik Engineering Cluster on Ambad Link Road. The programme was titled 'Nashik Vision'.\"Nashik is known for its weather and it should not be disturbed with a clutter of manufacturing units which would only spread pollution. These industries can be set up in places, where agricultural activities are less due to water shortage. This will not only keep Nashik pollution free but would ensure a balanced development of the entire district,\" he said.The process of acquiring 3,500 hectares is underway and another 5,000 hectares has been notified in tehsil places, he added.Bhujbal said that would support information technology companies, educational institutes, health industries and other such industries that would not pollute the city. When Bhujbal's attention was brought to the traffic and hoardings in the city, he said it was the responsibility of the police and civic body.\"Once construction of the flyover on Mumbai Nashik highway passing through the city is over, most of the traffic would by-pass the city. Work on four-laning Nashik Sinnar Road would also be taken up immediately, while the four-laning project of Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road would be sanctioned at the winter assembly session on Monday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550721", "title": "21 techies arrested for gambling", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Sunday raided a flat in at Dilsukhnagar and arrested 21 techies indulging in gambling. They also seized Rs 1.49 lakh cash and 23 cell phones from them.Acting on a specific alert, the Malakpet police raided a flat in Navata apartment behind APSRTC bus depot at Dilsukhnagar on Sunday afternoon. Police found the techies playing three-cards game. \"All the gamblers, including the organiser, Venu, have been arrested. We have seized Rs 1.49 lakh cash from their possession,\" Malakpet inspector N Satyanarayana said. Cases were booked under the AP Gaming Act and they would be produced in court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551273", "title": "RJD president'selection on January 20", "text": "PATNA: The RJD will hold election of its national president on January 20 next. By all indications, Lalu Prasad is likely to continue on the post which he has been holding since the creation of the party over 16 years ago. The party is currently in the process of holding election of district presidents and other office- bearers.At a meeting of party workers, leaders, present and past legislators and MPs here on Saturday, Lalu gave hint that he would soon launch an aggressive agitation against the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government. He said he has realized during his ongoing Parivartan (change) Yatra that the public is fed up with the state government and wants change.Lalu, who is readying to embark on the next phase of his yatra from December 24 in central Bihar districts, reiterated his stand to give more tickets to the representatives of weaker sections and 50% tickets to youth in the next elections to Lok Sabha and state assembly.Contrary to speculations, the meeting did not discuss the possible alliance or understanding with other parties for the 2014 general election. The party's chief general secretary, Ram Kripal Yadav , said there was no discussion on this issue at the meeting, which mainly discussed organisational election and membership drive. There are two sections in the party, with one supporting alliance with the Congress and another favouring an understanding with the Left parties. With Lalu supporting the UPA over FDI in retail , there seems to be strong chances of RJD going for an alliance with the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17551278", "title": "250-year-old gold idol stolen from temple", "text": "BURDWAN: A 250-year-old gold idol of Radha Krishna and jewellery worth over Rs 7 crore was stolen from a temple in Gopalpur under Katwa subdivision late on Saturday. An FIR has been filed with Ketugram police. Priest Santi Bhattacharya was the first to spot the theft. When he arrived at the temple early on Sunday, he found the locks of the main entrance broken. He immediately informed members of the Dutta family to whom the temple belongs.Bhaskar Dutta said, \"We are very upset as the idol was very old. It was made of gold. Even ornaments and utensils of gold and silver have been stolen.\" Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said that police have already detained Bhattacharya for interrogations but are yet to retrieve the booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17550588", "title": "Rapidly shrinking water tables show alarming trend", "text": "NOIDA: Environmentalists have raised an alarm at the rapidly shrinking water tables in Noida and Greater Noida in the past decade due to a steady increase in construction work in the region. Of all the areas under watch, Dadri and parts of Greater Noida are the worst affected.According to a survey conducted by Noida and Greater Noida authorities, the groundwater in the area is steadily decreasing with wells in certain areas in Jewar becoing almost dry. Officials said that due to rampant pollution and boring for groundwater, the water table is steadily decreasing and steps need to be taken to ensure that both the quality and quantity of water in the area can be sustained.According to the report, certain areas in the district are critically in need of rejuvenating the existing groundwater supply. \"Long term water level trend analysis of pre-monsoon and post-monsoon data reveal that out of seven wells considered, three situated in Jewar, Dankaur and Dadri show declining trends. This is attributed to the fact that most of these areas are semi-urban centres which heavily depend on groundwater for catering domestic as well as irrigation needs,\" reads the report.Officials said that due to the increase in population in the area, the pressure on the existing groundwater reserves is high. \"Gautam Budh Nagar has seen the highest growth in population in comparison to any other districts in the state. It has been a site of rapid development and industrialization and all of this having a serious effect. It is essential that the water supply is maintained and also that measures are taken to rejuvenate the existing system,\" said an official.In the face of decreasing water levels, the Greater Noida Authority has made it mandatory for plots which are larger than 100 square metres to make suitable arrangements to allow for rainwater harvesting via the roof through which it can be channelized and clean water recharged to pits. \"In bigger plots, which are industrial, commercial or institutional, measures must be made for rainwater harvesting,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549497", "title": "Delhi government eyes fresh sops for illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With assembly elections looming in 2013, chief minister Sheila Dikshit may soon be doling out more sops for illegal colonies, seen as a Congress vote bank. On Monday, the cabinet is expected to discuss a proposal to ease norms for development works in unauthorized colonies.It will also discuss enabling the use of MLA funds for development work in these colonies. The cabinet will also seek to open up colonies located on ASI and forest land to development work.Meanwhile, the Delhi government is set to start registering properties in 312 unauthorized colonies located on private land that were regularized through a notification in September. The 583 illegal colonies on government land, which were also regularized in same notification, will have to wait for now.An order for starting registry in the 312 colonies is likely to be brought out later this week. The BJP is likely to take on the government over delays and loopholes in the regularization process, in the winter session beginning on Tuesday.The government had announced regularization of 895 colonies before the assembly's monsoon session.Government plans easy norms for coloniesThe Assembly elections just a few months away, the cabinet is expected to discuss a proposal to ease norms for development works in unauthorized colonies on Monday. Minister for urban development and revenue Arvinder Singh Lovely confirmed to TOI that registry will open in first 312 colonies on private land. \"The revenue department is carrying out a survey in the remaining 583 colonies to establish if any of these are on private land. The survey will be completed by December 20,\" Lovely said.There are plans to hold camps for colonies on government land after the survey. These colonies will need to pay regularization charges to earn the legal tag. But even as the state prepares to woo residents of unauthorized colonies with plans of development, the government will still have to contend with an aggressive BJP in the assembly.Meanwhile, former NCP MLA and Delhi Vikas Morcha president, Ramvir Singh Bidhuri, declared on Sunday that a demonstration will be organized outside the CM's residence on Janaury 6 to highlight the problems of people living in unauthorized colonies, unauthorized regularized colonies, resettlement colonies, JJ clusters and villages.A statement issued by the Morcha asks CM Sheila Dik8shit (in picture above), along with Union urban development minister Kamal Nath , Union minister for housing Ajay Maken and Delhi urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely to come to the rally and answers questions from residents. \"So far there have been only assurances. People want answers now,\" Bidhuri asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17555764", "title": "Librarian transforms tribals into bookworms", "text": "MYSORE: He has a passion to encourage nomadic tribes to develop the habit of reading. Y Kumar, who belongs to Dombidasa community, runs a library exclusively for nomadic tribes at Ekalavyanagar in northern Mysore, where 354 families have settled.The small library, which was opened with the help of government in 2008, had a few takers initially. But due to the efforts of Kumar, people, especially women and girls, have developed the habit of reading.They now regularly read newspapers, magazines, and books. Kumar said: \"I want to motivate people to read more, so they can know what is happening around them. Today, many people in our community are updated about cricket and local developments. Many women and girls in nomadic communities like Dombidasa, Shillekyatha and Korama are confined to four walls. Even today, they do not send those who have attained puberty age, outside, be it even to school.\"Kumar, a matriculate, motives boys to pursue higher education and take up competitive exams. With the help of the government, he started the library in a small shed. It subscribes to newspapers and magazines and has a good collection of novels, books on general topics and textbooks. There are nearly 1,500 books, including those for children. Homemaker Shailaja said Kumar encourages them to read books. \"We borrow books too,\" she added.He urges women and children to visit the library at least once in a week to borrow books. This library has become an 'adda' for nomads today. Pavana, Class VI student, said they will be busy with assignments during week days. \"But Kumaranna asks us to read books on weekends.\"Kumar now aims to upgrade the library after the tribals are rehabilitated. Houses are being constructed for them under Centre's JnNURM project, and the work is nearing completion. The tribals, with a population of 1,300 persons, including 94 students, are living at Ekalavynagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "haveri", "code": "17549778", "title": "BJP jittery as 21 MLAs attend Yeddyurappa party meeting", "text": "HAVERI: The Jagadish Shettar government was rendered wobbly on Sunday, after 21 BJP legislators defiantly attended the Haveri convention of former CM BS Yeddyurappa's Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).Claiming that the presence of 15 MLAs and 6 MLCs has reduced the BJP government to a minority, Yeddyurappa dared Shettar to dissolve the assembly. However, BSY may not want to risk early elections and push things to their logical conclusion. Also he may not want to be seen as the man who brought down a fellow Lingayat's govt.The BJP, on its part, called off the 4pm scheduled briefing where it was expected to spell out its action against the rebels. The party leaders are now expected to meet on Monday to decide the course of action. But BJP may not really act against the rebels as it would jeopardize its only government south of the Vindhyas.On Saturday, the BJP high command had said that it would not hesitate to act against anyone attending the Haveri convention. It had suspended Tumkur Lok Sabha MP G S Basavaraj from the party and sacked cooperation minister B J Puttaswamy.Shettar, meanwhile, attributed the MLAs' defiance to pressure from BSY. \"There is no threat to my government. I will apprise the high command about the legislators' participation in the event. A suitable decision will be taken,\" he said.The CM also said some known MLA-supporters of Yeddyurappa like Vishwanath Mamani had personally called him to say that they did not go to the convention.Yeddyurappa, however, breathed fire and brimstone during his 25-minute speech at the rally, where he assumed office as KJP president. Claiming that the BJP is acting against his supporters, he said: \"Let me see what action the party will take against the MLAs who attended my rally. These 15 MLAs have proved that Shettar has no majority,\" he said.BJP has limited optionsThe ruling BJP may not want to take action against the rebels as it would jeopardize its only government south of the Vindhyas. But to show that it means business, the BJP might target the MLCs and approach council chairman DH Shankaramurthy for their disqualification.But the dissidence may result in Belgaum session of the legislature ending abruptly instead of the scheduled December 13.If the government is in trouble on the numbers' front, a spell of presidential rule before the impending elections in May cannot be ruled out.Meanwhile, it was a hectic day for chief minister Jagadish Shettar in his home town Hubli on Sunday as he kept answering many calls of BJP MLAs and ministers, who were trying to prove their loyalty to the partyShettar who was here to attend various programmes kept himself busy when his predecessor and former CM BS Yeddyurappa officially took charge of Karnataka Janata Party in Haveri.Sources close to the CM told TOI that some MLAs confessed to him that they were forced to attend a breakfast hosted by Yeddyurappa in Haveri but they refused to go on the dais. Savadatti MLA Vishwanath Mamani who was reportedly upset when his name along with 13 other MLAs was flashed on a TV channel of attending the meet spoke to the CM clarifying his position.Legislators present on the daisMLAsNehru Olekar (Haveri); G Shivanna (Ranebennur); Sureshgouda Patil (Byadgi); Chandrakant Bellad (Dharwad); Ramanna Lamani (Shirahatti); Hartal Halappa (Soraba); B P Harish (Harihar); Srishailappa Bidarur (Gadag); Sunil Vallyapure (Chincholi); M Chandrappa (Holalkere); S I Chikkanagoudra (Kundgol); K Vishwanath (Kadur); D S Suresh (Tarikere); M Lakshminarayan (Baindur) and C C Patil (Naragund).MLCsShivaraj Sajjanar, M D Laxminarayan, Mohan Limbikai, B G Puttaswamy, Mumtaz Ali Khan and Vijay Sankeshwar.MPG S Basavaraju (Tumkur)Ministers present at the breakfast meetingBasavaraj Bommai, CM Udasi, Murugesh R Nirani, Revunaik Belamagi, Shobha Karandlaje, MP Renukacharya and Sunil VallyapureYeddyurappa's next move: I will tour the entire state and spend two days in a district. I will not sit in Bangalore and identify candidates for elections. I will go to the constituencies and identify deserving and honest candidates.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17552131", "title": "Canada extends super visa programme for a year", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjabis living abroad are bonding with their parents and grandparents on the shores of British Columbia, Calgary and Langley like never before. A year after the Canadian government began offering super visas for parents and grandparents of immigrants, that allows multiple entries to Canada over a 10-year period, there is a reason to rejoice. The visa programme which has elicited maximum response from Punjab has been extended by the Canadian government for another year.Scot Slessor, consul general of Canada, told TOI that the programme had been a hit with immigrant population, especially Punjabis. While within a month of its announcement in December last year, more than 1,000 visa applications had landed at the Canadian consulate in Chandigarh, the office has seen a rush of over 7,000 applications within a year.Figures from the citizenship and immigration department of Canada reveal that more than 15,000 people have applied for the new visa since the programme was unveiled last year. Till end of October, the department had processed more than 13,000 applications, of which 87%, or about 11,500, have been accepted.Under the action plan for 'faster family unification', the Canadian government is targeting the admission of 25,000 parents and grandparents for the second year in a row, for a total of 50,000 between this year and next. This is a 60% annual increase from 2010 and the highest level in nearly two decades. It is expected that about 35,000 parents and grandparents will be reunited with their families next year in Canada. More than half of these are expected to be from Punjab.Last year, after the Canadian government announced it would freeze permanent residency applications from parents and grandparents for two years, it offered the super visa instead, which is being used as stop-gap arrangement for Punjabis. \"More than half of the Indo-Canadian population is from Punjab and there are hundreds of elderly people who are just waiting to meet their sons, grandsons, granddaughters and spend time with them. We are just facilitating that,\" said Slessor.However, the super-visa programme has come under sharp attack for its cost factor because it requires the applicant to buy medical insurance coverage for $100,000 and requires their families in Canada to have a certain income level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17555371", "title": "Film on Christ 'Khristayan', released", "text": "BHOPAL: Fifteen days ahead of Christmas, a film on Jesus Christ was released in the state capital on Sunday. Titled \"Khristayan\", the six hour long film has been directed by Fr Geo George from Indore. The film is likely to be telecast in parts as a TV serial in the coming days.Talking about the film, Fr Johnney P J said, \"The specialty of this film is that it is shot in Hindi in the Indian context taking into consideration the cultural aspects of our country. All the previous films on Christ have been from the western point of view. It is a mega project also an inter-provincial venture.\"\"Today was just a sneak peek into the film. Later it may be aired as a sponsored TV serial like the Ramayana,\" he said. While actors are from Madhya Pradesh and Mumbai, professional singers from Mumbai have sung songs in Hindi. Around 200 actors have acted in the film.The film was released at the Miriam school for the Mentally Handicapped. The chief guest of the programme was Archbishop Leo Cornelio of the Bhopal diocese.At the end of the programme the Archbishop said that such films which inspire and are socially relevant should continue to be made. \"The film is not for the Christian community but for all sections,\" he said.Besides, Fr Nicholas Martis and other priests were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551459", "title": "For the love of all life or just their own?", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite all its problems, no street dog ever commits suicide. This thought was what prevented writer Chetan Bhagat from consuming copper sulphate when he was 14. Bhagat had scored 68% in chemistry in class X, which, coupled with a diet of Amitabh movies, made him draw a mental image of himself polishing shoes on a railway platform. So he had decided to kill himself with copper sulphate, which, he knew, was poisonous. But the sight of a stray dog with flies who lived on, made him change his mind. \"I am glad I did,\" said Bhagat, who now boasts the two things that, according to him, are all that young India wants\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmoney and romance.Anchored by the face of NDTV , Barkha Dutt, this high-octane session titled 'All We Want is Naukri and Chhokri' was an argument between two youth icons. Dutt did not really buy into Bhagat's theory that a good job and romance was all that young India aspired for. \"Don't they want to change the world?\" asked Dutt, who, as a youngster, remembers wanting to march on the streets at every opportunity. \"They want to change their world first,\" replied Bhagat, eliciting applause from the largely young audience. \"You need not be poor to be good,\" he added.While Dutt said she found this dream of young India to be \"shallow if it were true\", Bhagat begged to differ. \"Why judge them?\" he argued, listing escalating property prices and middle-class experiences such as the sight of parents who never go on holiday as key triggers of the dream to be rich. \"Thank god they want to be rich,\" said Bhagat, adding that this youthful mindset of \"What's in it for me?\" is also what prompted the PM \"to go against his natural behaviour and talk\" some days ago. \"I remember him saying something like 'money does not grow on trees',\" said Bhagat.Anna Hazare's philosophy, Bhagat felt, was not in favour of a prosperous young India. \"Imagine the nation's GDP if everyone was happy living in one room, eating from one plate and sleeping on one bed,\" said Bhagat. Is there no room for Gandhi then? \"There is, but he has to be in sync with the youth,\" said Bhagat, adding \"if the Mahatma were alive today, he would be on Twitter\" .It was on the same social networking platform that Bhagat had recently criticised writer Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses for espousing hatred. Admitting that Rushdie's stature was 50 times bigger than his, Bhagat said, \"Writing something that attacks someone's gods was not right. Rushdie was unduly made a hero of freedom of expression for his hate speech.\"The IITian then found himself defending his support to for-profit educational institutions. \"Electricity was privatized. It did not necessarily mean an increase in prices but a regularization,\" said Bhagat, insisting the same should be applied to education. \"The policy of reservation of seats for the economically backward in schools will dissuade people from opening private schools,\" said Bhagat.At the end, when Dutt expressed her sadness over the fact that the current education system had \"diminished the dreams of the youth\", the duo seemed to finally agree on something. \"Competition has robbed the joy of learning,\" admitted Bhagat, adding this must make the conversations of kids in class really dull. \"What do they talk about? You got 98.60 I got .59?\" asked the writer, whose first book was titled Five Point Someone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17555575", "title": "Touring Talkies to be showcased at KIFF", "text": "It is a matter of pride that actress -producer Trupti Bhoir's latest Marathi film 'Touring Talkies' directed by the versatile Gajendra Ahire has been selected for screening in the prestigious 17th Kerala International Film Festival to be held in Thiruvananthapuram from December 7 to December 14 this year. The film will be showcased as a world premiere, even before its release in Maharashtra, in the section Top Angle Indian Cinema which is being inaugurated from this year. It is a section in which the choicest Indian films which deal with the slice of life and make an attempt to tackle subjects which are different are being showcased.The film Touring Talkies has been figuring in the news right from the time it was launched, since in the 100th year of the inception of Indian cinema, the film deals with the nascent stage of Indian Cinema when the oldest traditional system of watching cinema in tent, specially erected for watching Marathi Cinema, known as Touring Talkies , was in vogue. The tents are common occurrences in most of the Jatras (spiritual fairs) taking place across villages where Marathi Cinema comes alive in unusual fashion.Touring Talkies is an interesting film, which revolves around the protagonist named Chandi, who runs a touring talks across Jatras and her brother (who aspires to be a director on his own right), who helps her run the projector. The star cast of the film comprises of Subodh Bhave, Trupti Bhoir, Suhas Palshikar, Vaibhav Mangle, Neha Pense, Chinmay Sant, Kishore Kadam and last bit not the least Milind Shinde. While Ballu Saluja is the editor and Amol Gole is the cinematographer, the renowned music director from the South-Ilayaraja composes the music for the film.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17552324", "title": "Nature lovers rally for Gadgil report", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Nature lovers got together on Sunday at the Baselius College and raised the need for the implementation of the Madhav Gadgil Committee report on Western Ghats and also raised concern about the incident in which a tiger was shot dead by forest department officials in Wayanad.The one-day event was organized by Kottayam Nature Society with the support of the Nature Club of the college.\"The event was aimed at creating awareness about the need for implementing the Gadgil report. It is crucial for the existence of mankind. Through the photo exhibition we wanted to showcase the organic diversity of the Western Ghats,\" said Dr B Sreekumar, president of the society.The society alleged that the tiger was killed to protect the interests of the tourism lobby. \"Instead of protecting the national animal, it was killed for political mileage,\" alleged Sreekumar.Around 200 photographs of species including animals, birds and plants found only in the Western Ghats were displayed in the exhibition. The photographs were clicked by the members of Travancore Natural History Society (TNHS), an NGO doing research on the natural history and bio-diversity of the southern Western Ghats.\"Most of the species in the photographs are under the threat of becoming extinct,\" said Charan, coordinator of TNHS. This includes species of monkeys like Nilgiri langur found only in Nilgiris and lion-tailed macaque in Western Ghats.\"Gadgil report is about preserving these rare animals, trees, birds and plants. The Western Ghats provide rains for the country which help to boost our agricultural production. Those who are protesting are not aware of the seriousness of the situation,\" said Charan.Around 10 artists exhibited their paintings on tiger conservation. The society will conduct a seminar on tiger conservation and Gadgil report in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17554508", "title": "Truck hits bike, man dies", "text": "INDORE: A 40-year-old man was killed when a truck hit his motor-bike at MR 11 here on Saturday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Narendra Kumar Sen, son of Nandanlal Sen.He was the resident of Vijay Nagar. Narendra was going on his motor bike carrying a gas cylinder when a truck bearing registration number MP09 HF9230 hit him.He was immediately rushed to Bhandari Hospital from where police received information about the incident. Narendra however succumbed to his injuries in the hospital.The driver escaped from the scene leaving behind the killing vehicle there. A case was registered in this connection and the body was sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17551104", "title": "Three, including two siblings, drown at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Three youths, including two brothers, drowned in Opa river at Codar on Sunday afternoon, while swimming.The youths were identified as brothers Ricky and Vigil Choudhari, residents of Kalmamol-Borim and Shankar Chawhan of Bethora in Ponda.Sources said the three friends had gone to Codar on a motorcycle belonging to Ricky and Vigil's elder brother Rohan. Picnickers at the spot noticed the youths drowning and informed police. Ponda police, who rushed to the spot, summoned Ponda fire and emergency services whose personnel managed to retrieve the bodies that were at the bottom of the river.Quoting witnesses, police said, two of the youths were drowning and the third died in an attempt to rescue the other two.The bodies of the three youths have been preserved at Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) morgue at Bambolim and autopsies will be conducted on Monday.Ricky, 20, and Vigil, 18, were children of Nagpur native Ravindra Choudhari, a civil contractor and Goan mother Sunanda Naik. Shankar, 18, was the son of Belgaum native Ramesh Chawhan, a mason.Ricky was a first year bachelor of computer applications student at Damodar College, Margao while his younger brother Vigil was a SSC student at Pragati Vidhyalaya at Paniwada-Borim. Shankar was working at an auto service center at Bethora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17551110", "title": "Congestion at North Goa collectorate", "text": "PANAJI:Congestion at North Goa collectorate, which is housed in a century old building along with other important administrative wings of the government, has reached a level making it increasingly difficult for officials to function smoothly.In addition to collector's office, the first floor of the collectorate, has offices of two additional collectors and five deputy collectors.Congestion during first half of the day is at peak when people make a beeline to meet officials in various sections of the Collectorate.The chambers of the deputy collector in-charge of rent controller section and deputy collector handling land acquisitions cases are always crowded.The deputy collector in charge of land acquisition can only accommodate four -five people at a time while conducting hearings. The condition at rent controller's office is no different. Also revenue section of the collectorate is equally cluttered.A deputy collector without wishing to reveal his identity, said, \"Working condition at mamlatdars offices located on ground floor is also bad. Most office space is occupied by files, cupboards , tables laden with files.\" complained the deputy collector.When contacted, North Goa Collector and District Magistrate Mihir Vardhan, said they are aware of the problem and office of the IG prisons, Rajya Sainik Board as well as Department of Municipal Administration (DMA) office, will be shifted to make more space for functioning of the Collectorate.\"The proposal to shift three offices is under consideration of the government after which we will have more space,\" said Vardhan. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17552292", "title": "Air India thump Mumbai FC 4-1 to clinch derby", "text": "PUNE: Two goals by midfielder Vijith Shetty helped Air-India hammer Mumbai FC 4-1 in a Round 10 I-League game at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune, on Sunday.Air-India took their tally to 10 points with this win while Mumbai FC remained on 13.Air-India took the lead in the 36th minute through Nigerian striker Ezeh Henry. Nigerian Junior and M Pradeep did the spadework. Four minutes later, they increased the tally through Micky Fernandes, who got a rebound from the rival defender Haroon Amiri following Souvik Chakraborty's flag kick.Down by two goals, Mumbai FC went on the offence and were rewarded with a goal in the injury time of first half when Ghanian striker Yusif Yakubu trapped home a pass from Gabriel Fernande.Paite brace sees Pune FC down Salgaocar:Pune FC continued with their flawless record in Goa as substitute Khanthang Paite dealt the killer blow to Salgaocar Football Club in a tenth round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Sunday. Paite, a second-half substitute for PuneFC, scored two quick goals no sooner he had taken the field as the visitors registered a comfortable 2-0 victory. The victory took Pune FC to the fourth spot, a position Derrick Pereira's side believed they should have sealed in the last game itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17552325", "title": "Chandy raps pvt dealers over hike in rice prices", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Private dealers are overpricing popular brands of rice which has led to an increase in its prices, said chief minister Oommen Chandy . The government will take stringent measures to contain this price rise, he added.Chandy inaugurated 25 mobile Triveni stores of Consumerfed and 'Shathakam' project in which 100 Neethi medical stores will be opened across the state within six months.\"The government will try to interfere in the market through Consumerfed and Civil Supplies to control the price. Necessary arrangements will be made to distribute one lakh tonnes of rice allotted by the Centre at the earliest,\" he said.The rise in prices of essential goods is a serious issue. Consumerfed is playing an important role in controlling the price of these goods. A more popular brand will be made available in the market instead of the highly-priced Jaya rice, he said.Finance minister K M Mani who flagged off the mobile stores said that the government will interfere in the market to reduce the sharp rise in prices.C N Balakrishnan, minister for cooperation, who presided, said that prices of essential goods are being hiked which makes life hard for the public. To control this, around 4,000 special markets and 280 vegetable markets for the Christmas season will be started.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan inaugurated the Triveni Super Market and Neethi Medical store which is located close to Kanjikuzhy junction on Kanjikuzhy-Puthuppally road. The Triveni plum cakes which are being introduced for the first time in the market was inaugurated by MP Anto Antony .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17550246", "title": "Man robbed of Rs 1.7L valuables", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are on the lookout for five persons, including a 60-year-old woman, who claimed to be a real estate agent, for threatening, assaulting and robbing a man of gold and cash, collectively worth Rs 1.66 lakh.According to cops, the complainant, Kamalakant Nivatkar (38), was called to a hotel on Andheri Sahar Road by the woman Devyani, who was known to him. There he met her, one Premchand Jaiswal and three others who posed as cops. They told Nivatkar that he has wanted in a Rs 25 crore fraud case and demanded Rs 2 crore. He was later forcibly taken to Sahar Road in a car, robbed and deserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17549627", "title": "Mother alone can't give child for adoption", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has said that a mother cannot independently give her child up for adoption without the father's consent as such an adoption is \"nullity\" in the eyes of law.The court's observations came while hearing a man's petition challenging his estranged wife's plea seeking maintenance for herself and their minor daughter, whom she had allegedly given for adoption.Additional sessions judge Anuradha Shukla Bhardwaj said even if the woman had given away the child to someone for adoption, the man has the right to challenge the adoption and can take back the minor's custody, but till then he has to maintain his daughter.The court also said as per the provisions under the Hindu Adoption and Maintenance Act, if the father is alive, he alone has the right to give the child for adoption.The man, in his revision plea, had challenged a trial court's order directing him to pay interim maintenance to his wife and daughter. The man had said he was not liable to pay maintenance to his minor daughter as she had been given for adoption by his wife. He relied upon the adoption deed executed by the woman in favour of some other person.The man had also alleged that his wife was living with some other man and was thus not entitled for alimony. The woman, however, did not appear in the court despite summons.The ASJ, in the order, said the man can request the trial court, where the maintenance petition was being heard, to direct the woman to come along with the child at the time of payment of the maintenance amount. The court also asked the magistrate to consider the man's plea without being influenced by its observations.\"The other allegation regarding the adulterous lifestyle of the woman is a matter of evidence and cannot be the basis of interfering with the order of the trial court having been passed on the basis of material available on record. The revision is dismissed being devoid of any merit,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17554186", "title": "Varsity youth fest stitches new friendship bonds", "text": "RANCHI: A replica of eastern India was seen at the East Zone Inter-university Youth Festival that will conclude tomorrow.The four-day fest has not just helped students understand the culture of others, but also stitched new friendship bonds.Thounaoujam, a student of Manipur University, said, \"I have made many friends from different states during this fest. Despite the language barrier, we managed to interact well and we hope to continue this friendship forever.\"Manisha Kumari, a student of Ranchi University echoed her northeaster fried. \"We just used to see the dances of northeastern states on television. Watching it being performed in front of us was wonderful. The dancers were fabulous and the music was mesmerizing,\" she said.The youth festival, hosted by Ranchi University, started on Friday with a march past led by hosts Ranchi University which performed Jhuman, a local folk dance, followed by Bihu of Guahati, Khamb Thoibi (sword fight) of Manipur and performances by all other universities. Altogether 532 students from 16 universities took part in the carnival.Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU) of Darbhanga students came with the Ramayana theme singing 'jogira sa ra ra ra' which took the audience into the mood of Holi celebration in Bihar, while those from Vidyachandra Agriculture University presented the scene from a traditional Bengali wedding.Participants from all universities came in with sportsmanship and a zeal to win. Sangeeta Devnar of Kalinga University said, \"Our team participated in 19 events and we are hoping to bag most of the prizes. Even if we don't win in the event, the experience will help us in future.\"The first day of the fest was dedicated to folk dances of various states. Ranchi University and Vinoba Bhave University students presented Chhau dance while those of LNMU presented the \"Radha Krishna holi\". The students of northeastern states presented their folk dance thus introducing the other students with their culture.The second day of the fest marked various fine arts competitions. The first competition was on-the-spot painting the topic for which was wildlife. Students depicted ecological balance and reduction in wildlife due to human encroachment into forests.Painting competition was followed by classical songs and clay-modelling. Various theatrical events were main attraction on the third day of the fest followed by literary events like elocution and debate.Vice-chancellor of Ranchi University L N Bhagat said, \"The name of winners will be announced on the last day of fest. The panel of judges includes two members sent by Association of Indian University, Delhi and one local judge who is not related to RU.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17551911", "title": "Cops book GMCH student for assaulting PSI, no action by college", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking post graduate medical student Hemant Kumar Umar (23) into custody for allegedly thrashing a cop on Saturday, Ajni police claimed that medical students are infamous for creating ruckus at GMCH premises over trivial matter. The cops said the students also ride roughshod over patients, relatives and others.Umar had thrashed police sub-inspector NV Indrale of Ajni police station, while the cops was trying to resolve a brawl between medical students and other youths. Besides Umar, his classmate Amit Shende (23), second year student Sanket Wadokar, and 19-year-old Mahesh Chanaf were also booked for voluntarily causing hurt and threatening the cop.On Saturday evening, Wadokar had picked up a quarrel with another youth, Vipin Bangar, while he was chatting with a female friend at the rear gate of Government Medical College and Hospital.Police said the medical students were always opposing the couple standing and chatting in the college premises. Wadokar and others started abusing Bangar and his friend on Saturday. To protect himself, Bangar called up his friends, leading to a brawl between the two groups.Later, Umar slapped Indrale and hit him while he was being taken to the police station. Police booked both the groups for the brawl. In a separate case, Umar was booked for assaulting a cop.Ajni police inspector RV Katole claimed that medical students lack patience and always misuse their powers. \"Being medical students from reputed government college, they have no fear of cops. Even their college authorities don't take any action against them,\" said Katole.Cops said medicos have created ruckus a number of times and misbehaved with the couple chatting in the hospital premises.Katole alleged the college authorities ignore the student's misbehaviour all the time. \"We have sent an appeal to the college dean to at least take some action against the students booked, to set an example for other medical students,\" he said.However, college officials told TOI that they were unaware of any such incident having taken place in the hospital premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17555898", "title": "Commuters demand bridge over railway crossings", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rail passengers have urged the railway authorities to construct an overbridge in the busiest railway crossings in the city.Though the necessity of overbridges in vital locations like Maligaon, Bharalumukh and Fancy Bazar has been felt by city residents for long, the NF Railway is yet to construct bridges over railway crossings in Guwahati.Many people try to cross the rail track defying the signal of the gatemen, which leads to tragic accidents. Rima Sarma, a school girl, was knocked down by a train last Tuesday while trying to cross the railway level crossing located close to the Kamakhya junction here.\"The railway authorities should take serious note of the incident. The railway level crossing close to the Kamakhya junction is one of the busiest in the northeast. There is no other alternative other than constructing an overbridge to save time of the commuters as some people will again try to cross the railway crossing and meet the same fate,\" said Dipankar Sarma, general secretary of the Assam Rail Passengers' Association.A long queue of commuters waits at the railway level crossing in Maligaon nearly everyday as the level crossing has to be closed frequently due to the movement of trains. Sarma reiterated the demand to construct a bridge over the railway level crossings at Fancy Bazar gate 3 and Bharaulumukh area as well.\"The railway authorities should understand the problems commuters in Guwahati have been facing due to the lack of overbridges in the busiest level crossings. Accidents can occur again in the level crossings if the railway authorities continue to turn a deaf ear to the demands of the commuters,\" Sarma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17550398", "title": "Finance ministry clips IT wing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The elite criminal investigation wing of the Income Tax department, which conducted a number of high-profile actions including raids on liquor baron Ponty Chadha, has been disallowed to carry out any search or seizure operations by the finance ministry henceforth.The just over-an-year old wing called the Directorate of Criminal Investigation, created in May 2011 to combat the menace of blackmoney and develop cases of illegal funds of \"criminal nature\", will now only work to develop a robust database of financial information and aid the regular investigation wings of the I-T to undertake \"specific and result-oriented\" search and survey operations.\"The DCI, henceforth, will not undertake operations which they did under section 132 of the I-T Act (search and seizure). It will now be an intelligence gathering, analysis and dissemination wing of the I-T department,\" top sources said. The wing, however, can carry out some on-spot verification if the need arises, they said. Sources said the CBDT has recently ordered the wing, based in New Delhi, to study mounds of electronic data generated by economic intelligence agencies like the Financial Intelligence Unit, Central Economic Intelligence Bureau and those sent by IB and ED, and supply it to regular probe units of the I-T spread across India who will take action like raids and seizure of cash and other valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17550904", "title": "Two flyover projects in city hit a roadblock", "text": "LUCKNOW: Out of five major railway over bridge/flyover projects proposed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's government to reduce traffic congestions in the city, two flyovers, the one at the Isabella Thoburn (IT) College and the other between Awadh Hospital and Amausi airport have hit a roadblock. The government officials confirmed that both these projects have still not got final approval from the government and have been deferred for the time being.The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) officials said while the one at IT College was facing a lot of resistance from shop owners and commercial establishments who fear their business would get impacted during the period in which flyover is constructed, the one between Awadh Hospital and Amausi is waiting for feasibility report to get completed. A senior LDA official commented, \"We have appointed a consultant, Urban Mass Transit Company, about 15 days back on the flyover proposed at Awadh hospital. They are working on the technical and financial feasibility report of the project. Once they submit their report, we would send it to the government for approval. But in all circumstances, it would not begin before March next year as it entails clearance and formalities at various levels.\"A source close to the development said the project would be integrated with the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and hence is on hold as of now. \"No one knows as to when the BRTS project would actually take off, which means that the project has been shelved at the moment.\"Another major flyover at IT College is allegedly facing resistance from a big private hospital situated at one end of the Kapoorthala flyover opposite Vivekananda Polyclinic. Officials in LDA claimed the doctors there don't want any flyover to be constructed in front of the hospital as it would impact their business adversely. Some alleged the doctors had tried to influence LDA officials and managed to end the project.The officials claimed it was also being proposed that instead of constructing the flyover from University Road to Kapoorthala, it should be made from IT College to Daliganj area (the opposite direction at the crossing).They said the authority had appointed a consultant to do a study on which direction at IT crossing there is maximum traffic congestion and where it would be more feasible technically to construct a flyover. \"Because of the influence of rich persons owning shops and commercial set ups in one direction, the original plan has been changed suiting to their needs,\" said an official.It is noteworthy that the construction of the remaining three railway over bridge (ROB) projects in areas including Purania, Daliganj and Arjunganj (on Sultanpur Road) is already taking place at a rapid pace and is likely to get completed by the end of the next year. Interestingly, Purania and Daliganj fall under city's north constituency represented by Abhishek Mishra, considered close to the CM.Also, the other ROB at Arjunganj is being constructed on a stretch where most of the developers are coming up with housing projects and townships along with the cancer hospital which means that the ROB bears a lot of economic relevance to the government. Once the ROB is constructed, rates of property would appreciate significantly giving a major boost to the state's real estate sector.Sanjeev Mittal divisional commissioner Lucknow said, \"The construction at Purania, Daliganj and Arjunganj is being carried out at a satisfactory pace and would take around one and a half years to get completed as per the deadline.By the end of 2013, two of them are likely to get completed.\" Commenting on the languishing projects, he said these were not in the list of projects approved but ground work has been done by the authorities already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17551149", "title": "Maidan fire sparks panic", "text": "KOLKATA: Thick smoke at the Maidan sparked panic among commuters and pedestrians on Sunday morning. A fire brigade engine had to be called in and it managed to douse the flames after a half-an-hour struggle.While environmentalists were aghast at the violation of the high court order which prohibits lighting of open fires within a 3km radius of the Victoria Memorial, the source was traced to a few cleaners who had set alight dried branches and leaves.The fire has left a bald patch - about 40m in length - on the grass. While a few smaller trees survived the fire, several others were damaged. Bushes were left scalded as well. \"This is shocking for the high court has strictly prohibited burning of leaves in the Maidan area. In fact, open fires are not allowed even on Park Street. Vendors have been flouting the rule. Rag-pickers, too, continue to burn leaves in winter. Sadly, there is no vigil,\" said environmentalist Subhas Datta.Fire brigade officials said fires at Maidan were common in winter. While in most cases it is set off by heaps of dried leaves being burnt at night, the one on Sunday was spread over a larger area and could have been dangerous, they admitted. \"We keep dousing flames at the Maidan. Usually, it is the ragpickers who do this. Often cleaners, too, are guilty. But it is not our responsibility to keep a vigil,\" said Gopal Bhattacharya, director of fire services.Datta, however, said he has never heard of a fire at the Maidan for which the fire brigade had to be called in. \"Small fires could be accidents, though they prove that there is no vigil. But this one is a matter of concern for the amount of smoke it generated was enough to affect Victoria Memorial. It has been clearly ruled by the high court that fossil fuel can't be used within a 3km radius of the monument,\" he said.A fire like this could destroy old trees at the Maidan, said environment expert AK Datta. \"These are important to Kolkata's ecology.We need to fix an agency that would keep a regular vigil for the high court order doesn't seem to have had any impact. Also, we need to run an awareness campaign at the Maidan telling people that open fires are banned in the area,\" he said.Commuters and pedestrians were taken by surprise even as many rushed into the greens to find out the cause of the fire. It turned out to be a blaze set off by cleaners who had collected branches, twigs and leaves and set them alight. A fire brigade engine had to be called in and it managed to douse the flame after a half-an-hour struggle. Environmentalists were aghast at the violation of the high court order which prohibits lighting of open fires within a 3km radius of the Victoria Memorial. The fire left a bald patch - about 40 metres in length - on the grass. Scalded twigs, heaps of ashes and half-burnt branches lay stewn as the remains of the fire smouldered even after the blaze had been doused. While a few smaller trees survived the fire, several suffered damages. Bushes were left scalded as well. \"This is shocking for the high court has strictly prohibited burning of leaves in the maidan area. In fact, open fires are not allowed even on Park Street. Vendors have been flouting the rule. Rag-pickers, too, continue to burn leaves in winter. Sadly, there is no vigil at the maidan,\" said Subhas Datta, environmentalist.Fire brigade officials said fires at the maidan were common in winter. While most were set off by heaps of dried leaves which are set ablaze at night, the one on Sunday was triggered across a much larger area. It could have been dangerous, they admitted. \"We keep dousing flames at the maidan. Usually, it is the rag-pickers who do this. Often cleaners, too are guilty. But it is not our responsibility to keep a vigil,\" said Gopal Bhattacharya, director of fire services.Datta, however, said he has never heard of a fire at the maidan for which the fire brigade had to be called in. \"Small fires could be accidents, though they prove that there is no vigil. But this one is a matter of concern for it seems to have been lit over a fairly large area. The amount of smoke it generated was enough to affect the Victoria Memorial. It has been clearly ruled by the high court that fossil fuel can't be used within a 3km radius of the monument. It's sad that that not only vendors, but cleaners and rag-pickers are flouting the rule as well,\" said Datta.A fire like this could destroy old trees at the maidan, said environment expert AK Datta. \"These are important to Kolkata's ecology. We need to fix an agency that would keep a regular vigil for the high court order doesn't seem to have had any impact. Also, we need to run an awareness campaign at the maidan telling people that open fires are banned in the area,\" said Datta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551265", "title": "Top leaders are products of Patna University politics", "text": "PATNA: You can't separate students from politics and Patna University (PU) students are no exception. A glance at the long, illustrious list of political leaders churned out of the crucible of PU politics till early 80s proves how much the state as well as the nation's public life has been denied of leadership due to no students' union polls on the campus for almost three decades.Former Lok Sabha Speaker Bali Ram Bhagat and former Union deputy finance minister Tarkeshwari Sinha were active PU student leaders in the 1940s. PU's high watermark was, of course, 1974 when, at the call of Sarvodaya leader Jayaprakash Narayan, leaders like CM Nitish Kumar , deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and former chief minister Lalu Prasad, among a host of others, plunged into state politics.In fact, Lalu, former state Congress president Ram Jatan Sinha, Choubey and another ex-BPCC boss, Anil Kumar Sharma, have all served as presidents of PU Students Union (PUSU). Nitish was actively associated with Bihar College of Engineering Students Union and also with the JP movement. Modi and former Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad (both BJP) were general secretary and assistant general secretary of PUSU.The students of the state capital, in fact, have been a force to reckon with since 1930s when All India Students Federation (AISF) came into existence. Some of the noted thinkers like Syed Shahabuddin, Chandrashekhar Singh and Indradeep Singh were actively involved with the AISF.The forthcoming PUSU election, scheduled for Tuesday, has instilled a fresh lease of hope among the politically conscious PU students. Hence, the would-be leaders are leaving no stone turned for ensuring their victory at the hustings and getting a passport to the active politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17551768", "title": "Features of a mutual fund", "text": "In recent times, the complaint that mutual funds have underperformed and that they should at least do better than bank deposits, has grown louder. In a year when the second mutual fund in the country , after UTI, celebrates its 25th birthday , perceptions about what mutual funds are, and what they can do, continue to be erroneous. Investors should be aware of the key features of mutual funds before choosing this vehicle to build wealth.Mutual funds are vehicles to invest in the securities markets. There are two primary ways to channel savings into productive investments. The first is a transactional arrangement, primarily structured as a loan transaction, and banks dominate this segment. A depositor gives a loan to a bank, which in turn lends to other borrowers. The second is a market arrangement, where the entity that needs money issues a marketable security, such as an equity share or a bond, and the investor buys these securities in the market place at the market price. A transactional arrangement, such as a bank deposit, is pre-defined , but is rigid. An investment in the market is more flexible, but is subject to fluctuations in value, based on the market factors . Choosing mutual funds requires the conscious choice and comfort in dealing with the opportunities and risks in the securities markets.Investing in securities market offers two unique propositions to the investor. First, the upside potential of the investment is not limited to a pre-specified rate. If an investment is made in the equity shares of a company, whose performance exceeds expectations since the shares were first issued, the appreciation in value is available to the investor. The returns from securities are not amenable to pre-definition or accurate forecast, and include both upside and downside.Second, the downside risk in an investment is not managed on manifestation through the accounting system of provisioning, but through a transfer in the market place. A non-performing loan on a bank balance sheet is classified as such after the default, and is written off from the profits. This is the classical method of risk management. If a bond's price falls from 100 to 90 due to the possibility of a downgrade in its credit quality , a mutual fund may book the losses and get out of the investment. However, a buyer, at 90, might believe that the bond is cheap given his view on whether the downgrade may actually happen. The security market cares about expectations for the future and builds information in the price. Investing in a mutual fund, therefore, requires a modification in expectations about risk and return.If we define mutual funds as vehicles to access the securities market, what is the value addition for an investor who can access the market directly? What if he buys a few shares and bonds directly through the broker? It is true that investors can trade in the stock market using electronic platforms, buy equity shares in an IPO, or purchase bonds when they are offered by issuers. Mutual funds are useful only if the investor believes that building long-term wealth through investing requires a formal process. Selecting the right securities, deciding how much to invest in each, constructing a diversified portfolio, reviewing how it is performing, and rebalancing the portfolio are all processes that require expertise , timely attention and execution. Investing in mutual funds requires the willingness to outsource the task of managing a portfolio to another, for a fee.A low-cost approach to deriving similar benefits comes from indexing. The securities market is commonly tracked by indices that are benchmark portfolios constructed to provide indicative returns from a given class of securities. Passive index funds simply replicate such indices at a low cost. Actively managed funds try to beat such indices with mixed results. There are two elements of mutual fund performance that need appreciation. First, mutual funds, by definition , can deliver only relative returns. An equity fund is not capable of delivering high positive returns if the equity market is delivering a negative return. Second, different funds beat the benchmarks at different points in time, by varying margins, and selecting the right fund is a task in itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551256", "title": "Many toppers in Patna University poll fray", "text": "PATNA: Politics is no more the business of 'nahi padhne wale' (non-serious students) as a large number of toppers have jumped into the arena of PUSU polls this time. And bettering the education system is their prime concern.The IInd year mass communication student of Patna College, Divya Gautam was the first year topper of her department. After winning accolades in academics, she is all set to hit the political platform through the PUSU election. Expressing her resentment over the poor academic scenario of Patna University, this All India Students Association's candidate for the post of president said that Rs 60,000 from each student is just being wasted in the name of media studies sans campus selection. She also said that bringing girls in the decision-making process was her prime motto.Similarly, political science student Pancham Kumar's aim is to provide a modern library to the students. The fourth position holder in graduation and a Janta Dal United candidate has high expectations from this election. He said eliminating criminals and 'bahubalis' from the category of power holders is his desire.When asked if he wanted to pursue mainstream politics as his career, Pancham answered in the negative and said he wanted to become a civil servant. He is contesting for the post of treasurer.Same was the reply of Anshu Kumari, the All India Student Federation's candidate for the post of general secretary. This 2010-11 university topper in the diploma course in finance management told TOI that people perceived badly of politics because of some selfish and money-minded leaders.Describing the poor campus selection as the major threat to the students' career, she said her party wanted a change in the system. \"It is the need of the hour that bright students come up as leaders, so that they could understand the problems of other students and work to make their future bright,\" she said and added that she had not thought of politics as her career but her only concern now was the students' welfare.Final year LLB student of Patna Law College Shama Parveen had been the topper of her batch for the two consecutive years, and now on persuasion from her friends she is contesting for the post of vice-president on behalf of National Student Union of India (NSUI) to bring development to the university. When asked if her focus on the benefits of other students may sway her from her own studies and hamper it, she said education means more than being literate and involves consciousness for other's problems and miseries.Although helping others is her passion, she would not think of carrying on with politics as her vocation. Instead, judiciary is what she aims at. \"Logon ki seva karna chahti hoon, aur kanoon ki madat se main ye karna chahoongi,\" she said and added, \"vakil se bade bade log darte hain\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17550263", "title": "Madras Medical College saves antiques, orders fresh furniture for new premises", "text": "CHENNAI: The state health department has axed its plan to bring the antique furniture in Madras Medical College under the saw. The directorate of medical education had ordered the college administrators to appoint a carpenter who would break down teakwood tables and book shelves into smaller furniture so that it can be shifted easily to the new campus coming up in the old prison premises.Officials said they had decided to shift the old furniture after an interior designer quoted 5 crore for creating new pieces. Carpenters had begun their work, but the administration faced opposition from various quarters, including students, teachers and alumni.Most of the furniture on the campus was more than 100 years old and considered precious. \"The market price of such a table will be up to four times more than the cost of new furniture. We told the college that it should be used for special lectures and discussions on the old campus,\" said MMC Alumni Association secretary, Dr M Arulpitchai Narayanan. Initially, the health department officials were hesitant.\"Now, they told us they will order fresh furniture. The new ones will be made to suit new campus,\" said MMC dean, Dr V Kanagasabai. Now, the administration does not know what to do with the old furniture.Senior professors said they have been asking the administration to use the space for nursing and paramedical courses. \"It would be better than what they have. The lecture halls are spacious and airy,\" said a senior professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17552130", "title": "Bhandara tutor, 3 students drown in Wainganga", "text": "BHANDARA: In an attempt to save each other from drowning, three students and their tution class teacher met a watery grave in Wainganga river while they were on a picnic at Narsingh Tekali in Madagi village in Tumsar taluka. The tutor had taken 32 students for the picnic on Sunday morning.The bodies of Vinod Ingle and his students - Roshan Andraskar (18), a resident of Swaroop Nagar, Narendra Bhimte (20), a resident of Date Nagar layout and Akshay Gajghate (19) of Khamla - were fished out by the villagers.A resident of Trimurti Nagar, Ingle used to run commerce coaching classes in Gopal Nagar. Andraskar was a student of class 12 while Bhimte and Gajghate were in BCCA final year.Senior police inspector NR Tandi of Tumsar police station said that the tragedy happened at 4 pm when the picnickers were playing volleyball after having lunch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17555088", "title": "Archbishop Ambrose Madtha killed in accident", "text": "MANGALORE: The papal envoy to Ivory Coast, Indian Archbishop Ambrose Madtha, died in a road accident on December on Saturday evening.Madtha was travelling back from the north-western town of Odienne to an ordination ceremony in the country's west when his car collided with another vehicle. \"The apostolic nuncio died on the spot,\" said Mathieu Tehan, spokesman for the western diocese of Man where the ceremony was to take place.Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara , in a statement read on national television, expressed his \"deep regret\" at the death and sent condolences to the church and Madtha's family.Madtha was born in Belthangady near Mangalore in 1955 to the late May and Joseph Madtha. Madtha, who did his MA (Economics) from Nagpur University, completed his BEd from Lucknow University. He studied Philosophy and Theology at St Charles Seminary, Nagpur and obtained doctorate in canon law from Urban Univeristy in Rome. He was ordained a priest in 1982. He became the doyen of the Ivorian diplomatic corps after arriving in 2008. He tried to play a behind-the-scenes mediating role during Ivory Coast's 2010-11 political crisis when the previous ruler, Laurent Gbagbo , refused to step down even though Ouattara was declared winner of presidential elections.The Catholic Church was put in a delicate position since some of the country's bishops favoured Gbagbo, who comes from the country's majority Christian south. Ouattara is from the largely Muslim north.Last month Ouattara, accompanied by his Christian wife, met Pope Benedict XVI in Rome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17550028", "title": "Author of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLife of Pi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Yann Martel, director Ang Lee to get national awards", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The Union government has decided to present national awards to Hollywood director Ang Lee and Canadian author Yann Martel for promoting the Union territory of Puducherry and Kerala as major tourist destinations.Ang Lee's film, 'The Life of Pi', was shot in Puducherry and Munnar in Kerala. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Yann Martel.Puducherry tourism secretary W V R Murthy told TOI that the Union tourism ministry has conveyed its decision to the Puducherry government and suggested that the territorial administration honour the director and writer on its behalf for popularising the Union territory in the global arena.\"We received an official communication from the Union tourism ministry announcing its decision to honour the director and writer. The ministry also suggested that the Puducherry government honour them on our behalf,\" said Murthy.The movie, which is set in Puducherry, narrates the ordeal of a young Indian boy, the lone survivor of a ship wreck, sharing a life boat with a hyena, a zebra, an orangutan and a tiger. The movie has introduced the the Union territory to a global audience. Ang Lee and his crew were in Puducherry for more than two months in 2011. The film was shot at various locations in Puducherry, including landmarks like the Holy Rosary Church, Muthialpet, Calve College and the botanical garden among other prominent places in the territory, before moving to Munnar.The Union tourism ministry confers national awards on artists and organisations that promote India as a tourist destination. The ministry along with the information and broadcasting ministry has launched a campaign to showcase films shot in India at international film festivals to promote India as a filming destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17551610", "title": "Mira Nair stays fiercely desi in a global landscape", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reluctant Fundamentalist' is not the easiest of novels to turn into a film, so Mira Nair has to be the one to do it. She told filmmaker Shyam Benegal that the movie has been the \"hardest adaptation\" she's done so far. Nair, with author Mohsin Hamid, has made considerable changes to the original text of Reluctant.... But the mystery remains, she promised.Benegal, recalling queues for Nair's early film Salaam Bombay! in Finland, asked if she expected a \"worldwide audience\". An audience member asked if she had become \"too big\" to make films like Salaam...! again. Nair didn't think so. Big-budget studios approached her after the success of Monsoon Wedding, and that was Indian. She was \"fiercely desi\". \"Because my roots are strong, I can fly.\"Films that are \"specifically local,\" she explained, \"become universal\". But Reluctant ... occupies a more \" global landscape\" from the start. It's been shot in four continents. She knew she wanted to make the film when she visited Lahore in 2004. \"Although we grew up in Orissa, my father had come from Lahore,\" she said. Also, she was \"tired\" of films that told the story of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan only from the western perspective. \"I wanted to tell the story from both sides,\" she said. She started Maisha (free labs that teach locals filmmaking in east Africa) for the same reason.But she's a filmmaker first. While \"every frame in a film is political\", she doesn't make films to only deliver a message either. She has her organizations, Maisha and Salaam Balak Trust, for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "ramgarh (west midnapore)", "code": "17551253", "title": "Subhendu counters Jairam Ramesh remarks at Jangalmahal", "text": "RAMGARH (WEST MIDNAPORE): If the number of people at their rallies is an indicator, the Trinamool Congress is way ahead of the Congress. But if one is to ask about the leaders on dais, the Trinamool Congress had barely two - Subhendu Adhikari and Subrata Bakshi.The two MPs held a meeting at Ramgarh, barely 20 kilometres from Lalgarh, in an apparent show-of-strength after three Union ministers Jairam Ramesh , Deepa Das Munshi and Adhir Chowdhury raised their pitch against the Mamata Banerjee government.Subhendu, leading the party's fightback, said, \"They held a meeting at Lalgarh and not a single victim of the Netai massacre was invited to it. Neither were their names mentioned. So, you can very well understand whose cause they espouse.\" Using Mamata Banerjee's oft-cited refrain on Rahul Gandhi as \"porijayi pakhi\" (migratory bird), Subhendu, too, said, \"They (the Congress) are like porijayi pakhi. They come and go, never stay here. How many people from Jangalmahal attended the meeting?\" he asked. \"They'd 3,000 chairs there. And half of it, were occupied by people who had come from outside,\" he said.Subhendu claimed that Congress' only objective is to help CPM. \"In the 2004-2009 period, when Maoists and armed CPM men were on a killing spree where were they? Today, that they could set foot in Lalgarh is only because chief minister Mamata Banerjee is in power? Their only work these days is mudslinging. But people is there to decide. The spate of development works at Jangalmahal isn't just limited to recruitments. It is also about work closer home - how roads and bridges are being developed.\"A day before Ramesh had attacked the Trinamool Congress government saying, \"You have seen the CPM and the Trinamool Congress. But what have you got?\" In an obvious reference to the Trinamool Congress, whose chief Mamata Banerjee has dubbed Congress as the B-team of the CPM, he said, \"They were born within the Congress, they got all the benefits and then hit the party. But Congress is alive. None can eliminate the party from the state. We will face the challenge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17550481", "title": "Y Sujana Chowdary quits Rajya Sabha over missing FDI vote", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP leader Y Sujana Chowdary on Sunday submitted his resignation as Rajya Sabha MP. membership. Sending his resignation to party president N Chandrababu Naidu, Chowdary requested him to forward it to Rajya Sabha chairman.Chowdary was among the three TDP MPs who abstained from voting on FDI in retail, in the Upper House last Friday. Devender Goud and Gundu Sudharani were the other two MPs. The trio had come under scathing attack from within the TDP and the party had to face some embarrassment as opposition parties questioned its intention.Chowdary said he was hurt by the criticism within the party and outside for a fault committed unintentionally. \"I had told that I did not take part in the voting due to some communication gap. I had explained it to my party president. Yet, the onslaught didn't stop, so I had to resign,\" said Chowdary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17553496", "title": "40 medical teams to provide aid to school going children", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To make 'Ashirward' scheme successful, the health department will constitute 40 teams (two teams each for 20 blocks) which will offer medical aid to school going and non-school going children.Nodal officer, Ashirward, Dr OP Bhaskar said each team will comprise an MBBS/AYUSH doctor, one staff nurse and one optometrist.The selection of teams is underway. He added that once the teams are formed, teachers would also be imparted training to coordinate with doctors for the scheme.Dr Bhaskar said a total of 3,94,246 children from 2,238 primary, 926 middle and 22 high chools have been enrolled for the scheme. The medical teams will be conducting screening, investigation, referral and treatment of school going and non school-going children.Initially, teams will be assigned to take care of schoolchildren aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools from December 11.In the second phase, teams will cover children studying in government-aided, vocational, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassa and juvenile homes under the second phase.In the third phase, non-school going children would be covered. Health check up of such children aged between one and six years would be done with the help of aanganwari workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17551274", "title": "Beur jail auctions 641 cellphones", "text": "PATNA: Perhaps for the first time by any jail in the country, Beur Model Central jail authorities on Saturday put on auction 711 unclaimed mobile phone sets seized from the jail premises over a period of time and collected Rs 1.68 lakh.B C P Singh, director (industries), home (prisons) department said, \"Altogether 711 sets were put on auction, of which 641 were sold out.\" Amresh Kumar from Jehanabad, who runs a mobile phone repairing shop, bought 76 branded mobile sets for Rs 39,500.IG (prisons) Anand Kishore said, \"The auction took place in the presence of a magistrate and the entire process was videographed to maintain transparency.\"Many of the cellphones were of leading brands and included touch screen sets. The jail authorities had even seized many 3G phones from the jail premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17554824", "title": "Nomadic tribes' meet on Dec 10", "text": "HUBLI: A convention of north Karnataka nomadic tribes will be held on December 10 under the Alemari Budakattu Mahasabha, Bangalore, at the corporation building in J C Nagar behind town hall here.It will discuss various problem faced by tribes which include Haranshikari, Jogi, Kanjarbhat and Pinjara. C S Dwarakanath, president of the convection, will give suggestions to the communities on overcoming problems faced by them.Mahasabha president Balagangadhar, Hubli-Dharwad municipal corporation former mayor Dannappa G Kabber will also attend the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17555969", "title": "Arunachal to celebrate Vivekananda birth anniversary", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh will celebrate the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda with a year-long programme beginning January 12 next. The theme of the celebration will be \"Wake up Bharat! Enlighten the World\".Addressing the media here on Saturday, president of the state level celebration committee and renowned social worker, Nabam Atum, said the celebration aims at spreading the message of Swami Vivekananda to all sections of the society.\"We will carry forward the message and ideas of Swamiji to all sections of the society. His revolutionary idea had ignited nationalism in Indians,\" Atum said, while informing that the state government assured them of all possible cooperation in this regard.He appealed to the people of the state to join the year-long celebration and make it a grand success. He said the committee has targeted mainly five segments (panchamukhi) of the society - Yuva Shakti, Prabuddh Bharat, Gramayan, Samvardhini and Asmita - with a view of promoting social harmony during its year-long celebration.The Prant Pramukh of Vivekananda Kendra, Arunachal Pradesh, Dr Joram Begi, also the director of higher &amp; technical education, exuded hope that the celebration will provide ample opportunity for the youth of the state to motivate themselves in right direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-10"}
