{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866534", "title": "24-year-old woman kills self in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at her house near Ondipudur in the city on Saturday allegedly because her husband refused to take her for a marriage function.According to police, the woman was keen to accompany her husband to the marriage but he refused to take her. He went alone for the function and on his return home late at night, he found his wife had killed herself.On Saturday, Senthilkumar was on leave and he planned to attend a marriage function. However, Senthil had planned to attend the wedding with his friends, and thus refused to take his wife. When Senthil saw his wife hanging from the ceiling, he broke open the door with the help of neighbours and rushed her to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where she was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865005", "title": "63-yr-old woman falls to death in Andheri", "text": "MUMBAI: A 63-year-old woman died after she fell off from the seventh floor of her apartment in Sagar Sanjog at Four Bungalows in Andheri on Sunday afternoon.The police said it appears to be an accident but added that Renu Azwani was undergoing psychiatric treatment. The body of Azwani, who stayed alone, has been sent for postmortem.The incident occurred at 2.15pm, when most society members of the eight-storey building were at home. \"Security guards heard a thud and they found Azwani lying in a pool of blood. The residents called up the police and took her to Cooper hospital, but she was declared dead before admission,'' said S Mehta, senior inspector, Versova police station.The police said Azwani's flat was locked from inside. Neighbours told the police that Renu stayed alone since her mother died a year back. \"It appears she went to dry clothes on the window sill when she lost her balance.,'' said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865353", "title": "Move to churn out more cancer doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: To bridge the gaping difference between patients suffering from cancer and doctors treating them, the Tata Memorial Hospital's proposal to churn out more specialists is likely to get implemented from March.To add to the existing pool of cancer specialists, the hospital wanted every professor to mentor three postgraduate students instead of the existing ratio of 1:2.The dismal number of cancer experts in the country had come to light late last year, when the Tata Hospital took a stock of specialists in oncology. The report, presented to the ministry of health and the Medical Council of India (MCI), had showed that all cancer institutes in the country produce merely 45 surgical oncologists annually. Moreover, there were only 43 seats for medical oncologists . In both these disciplines, the Tata Hospital alone produces 16 surgical and 10 medical oncologists.The proposal was sent to the Union ministry after the MCI's approval. A senior official from the ministry told TOI that the plan had got a \"very positive response\".\"We have got the MCI's recommendations. They have already been discussed and approved. We will soon ask MCI to implement the new rules,\" a senior official said. The government was looking into creating a pool of cancer specialists in the next five years, the official added.\"There will be a considerable increase in doctors in three disciplines-radiotherapy, medical oncology and surgical oncology,\" K S Sharma, MCI governing board member and director of academics at Tata Hospital, said.\"Besides changing the educator-student ratio, the MCI would recognize any doctor with an MS or MD degree and teaching experience of eight years or more as a teacher,\" he added. \"With this move we will ensure that more doctors can mentor students and thereby produce more experts,\" Sharma said.The students passing out after three years will be awarded super-specialty degrees like MCh in surgical oncology and DM medical oncology. With cancer threatening to take over as the top killer disease globally by 2025, experts say more specialists are needed to take cancer care to the remote centres. Estimates suggest that over 8 lakh Indians are diagnosed with cancer every year while about 5.5 lakh lose the battle with the deadly ailment. \"Currently, the country needs over 500 cancer specialists. If we have the numbers, then we can focus on research,\" said Dr Rajendra Badwe, director of Tata Memorial Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "farukhabad", "code": "11870653", "title": "Congress MP Azharuddin issued notice for violating model code", "text": "FARUKHABAD: A notice has been issued to Congress MP and former cricketer Azharuddin for allegedly violating the model code of conduct by distributing shawls in an election meeting here, officials said on Monday.The notice was issued by a Kayamganj election officer to Azharuddin, who allegedly distributed shawls at an election meeting in Shamshabad on February 11, they said.The notice has been sent by Mahendra Kumar Mishra, sub divisional magistrate (SDM), who also an election officer.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872278", "title": "Worldwide examinations", "text": "A new contract formalising the delivery of examinations worldwide has been signed by the British Council and the University of London International Programmes.Under the new three-year contract, the British Council will contribute to the delivery of more than 117,000 local examinations a year for students of the international programmes. Under this agreement, the British Council will deliver examinations in 75 countries. These will include Brazil, China, India, Pakistan and Tunisia.Crucially, the move will enable students of the international programmes to exercise greater choice in where they sit their examinations, which are all set and marked by academics at the colleges of the University of London.Professor Jonathan Kydd, dean of the University of London international programmes, said,We have formalised our long-standing relationship with the British Council, which has been a key player for many years now in administering our examinations at a local level. This makes a real difference to our students who can choose where to sit their examinations in their home country. This is in line with our commitment to provide access to quality university education for all who could benefit.Mark Walker, director, examinations at the British Council, said, With more international students now accessing UK higher education from outside the UK than those who access it through coming to the UK, universities need secure but customer-friendly ways of delivering their assessments throughout the world. The British Councils examination service enables them to access many more markets than they would otherwise be able to. The University of London has a long history of making education widely available and we are very pleased to be working with them to make their qualifications available around the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11866064", "title": "BJP govt committed to Christian welfare: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Sunday said the government is committed to the welfare of the Christian community and will give more funds for their welfare.\"The Rs 50 crore special grants given for the first time for the integrated development of the community in the year 2011-12 was just a small step in empowering the community. My government is committed to the welfare of the community. We will strive to give more funds through budgetary allocation for developing rural schools, church and community halls,'' he said.He was speaking at the final day of the two-day post centenary silver jubilee celebrations of Mangalore Diocese here.The CM lauded the efforts of Christian institutions in providing educational and health facilities to population without any bias. He also appreciated that the Diocese which has 161 parishes spread across three districts of DK, Udupi and Kasargod with a Catholic population of nearly 4 lakh, administers educational institutions from play school till professional colleges, as well as health care institutions.Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, Bishop of the Mangalore Diocese said that Pope Leo XIII decreed the erection of Mangalore Diocese in 1886 and it was announced officially on February 21, 1887. He said the Diocese has taken up project of constructing 161 houses for the poor, one house in each of the parishes with the involvement of the family, parish and the Diocese.Five of the 102 houses under construction have been completed and the Diocese, which has Rs 52.30 lakh in its kitty for the project, has paid Rs 28 lakh to beneficiaries. Diocese has plans to construct two hostels for the rural poor aspiring to pursue their education, and a shrine in Bajpe.The final day celebrations were attended by Rev Salvatore Pennacchio, Apostolic Nuncio in India, Rev Savio Hon Tai-Fai, secretary, congregation for the Evangelisation of Peoples, Vatican, Rev Oswald Cardinal Gracias, Archbishop of Bombay, M Veerappa Moily, Union Minister among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865394", "title": "Registration norm spells trouble for doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: For Maharashtra's 80,000-plus doctors, February 29 marks an uneasy deadline. They have to gather certificates by that day to prove they have completed 12 hours of continued medical education (CME). If not, they are ineligible for re-registration with the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC).The MMC is a quasi-judicial body that has powers to suspend registration of doctors, check on working of medical colleges and ethical issues. Doctors need MMC registration-renewed every five years-to practise in the state. Some question the legal status of the CME precondition, introduced for the first time, while others are rushing from one conference to another to gather these 12 points. \"There is chaos as pharmaceutical companies have tied up with medical associations to hold conferences,\" said a senior doctor. He alleged that general practitioners are going for radiology conferences and gynaecologists for urology conferences just to make up the credit-hours numbers. \"No one has bothered to lay down rules about these CMEs, so there is total confusion,\" he added.Dr Jayendra Parulekar from Sawantwadi said, \"Doctors from rural areas are particularly affected by this precondition. They have to travel far to get them and many were unaware of this till MMC's notice on December 14, 2011.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865046", "title": "\u2018Always underline the key words in answer sheets\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: With a few weeks left for the higher secondary certificate (HSC) and secondary school certificate (SSC) examinations to begin, students are busy burning the midnight oil. But schools and colleges are also busy preparing students for the final day, with helpful tips flowing from all sources. To make this job easier for students, TOI spoke to some examiners and moderators.\"When it comes to Mathematics, Commerce students should always remember to concentrate on practicals and solving Paper II. This is where they score the most,\" said Ajay Kumar, a lecturer from Jai Hind College and a moderator for Mathematics. He added that solving previous years' board question papers is always prescribed. \"Commerce and Science students have holidays before the Maths paper so they will have time to prepare well, but they should avoid solving equations and mugging up information a day before the examinations,\" added Kumar.Many moderators said that one of the most important things students should remember is to first go through the full question paper first. \"Students often forget to check what has been asked from them in that particular question and end up losing out on marks. It is a good habit to underline key words in your question paper,\" said Sheelu Bhatia, a lecturer at SIES College and a moderator for the Book Keeping and Accountancy paper. Many moderators added that it is easier for them to check if students underline key words/points in their answer sheets with a pencil.\"Language papers are difficult to score but not impossible. Many students keep on writing vague answers for questions that carry only two marks, which can easily put off the examiner,\" said Ruhi Batra, another moderator. Many examiners agreed that neat answer sheets gain brownie points.No student must disclose his or her identity on the answer sheets. \"They must not mess with the bar code sticker as it is their identity. Only black and blue pens are allowed,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal, Holy Family High School.ISC examinations begin todayThe Indian Secondary Certificate (ISC) examinations commence on Monday, February 13, with Art Paper I. A total of 59,905 students from all over India will appear for the examinations which end on April 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865110", "title": "Through art, Trishla Jain explores social memory", "text": "MUMBAI: Tangerine Trees &amp; Marmalade Skies, Trishla Jain's sure-footed debut solo in Mumbai at Gallery BMB, is an involuted portrait of the artist. Through this new body of work, Jain explores our cultural and social memory.Instead of falling prey to the discourse of splitting, wherein there are binaries galore, Jain has created a body of work that is decidedly confluencial. Much like any young artist, Jain operates from behind a smorgasbord of cultural references. So even as she likened the painting i am, a triptych, to a mandala, the sounds of Jeff Buckley's sterling cover of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah could be heard in the gallery.Dr Saryu Doshi, art historian and former director of the NGMA, Mumbai, who was visiting the exhibition for the second time, was impressed by Jain's use of colour and texture. \"This is a very joyous show. Trishla's exuberance comes through. She's got youth on her side and is clearly excited by the possibilities it holds. Her approach is very fresh and unlike anything else I've seen. The lively manner in which she brings varied elements like literature, music, art history, cinema and calligraphy together in her work is truly wonderful.\"Despite its emphasis on painterly explorations, Doshi regards Tangerine Trees &amp; Marmalade Skies as not classical. She says, \"It reminds me more of the vibrant aesthetics of graffiti.\" A germane observation; in the quotes that variously dot the gallery and occasion an intelligent conversation with the artworks located in their vicinity, Jain has indeed referenced the legendary British graffiti artist Banksy.One could broadly describe the show as a theatre of tropisms after the French lawyer and writer Nathalie Sarraute (1900-1999). Describing the nature of these tropisms, Sarraute writes, \"They are indefinable movements which glide very rapidly to the limits of consciousness; they are at the root of our gestures, our words, of the feelings we manifest, which we believe we feel and which we can define. They seemed to me and still seem to me to constitute the secret source of our existence.\" This thought then is a perfect introduction to the artist's practice.Doshi taps the artwork she's sitting on, an elaborately reworked seating arrangement--comprising a table and stools--titled I own every piece of vintage Chanel jewellery ever made and states without hesitation, \"There's a lot of talent here.\" For the work in question, Jain undertook an elaborate process, which concluded with embedding pictures of vintage Chanel jewellery on to the surface of the said furniture. \"I think this work is a wonderful reading of our culture of accumulation. Trishla's choice of locating it in everyday functional objects amplifies the significance of the work,\" Doshi adds thoughtfully.Not far from where Doshi sat was a work titled Come In, Come In. The work is a contemporary interpretation of the Wunderkammer, German for wonder-room, popularly known as cabinet of curiosities. A Renaissance Europe preoccupation, these cabinets were crammed with an encyclopaedic collection of objects whose categorical boundaries were as yet unclear. In Jain's cupboard of curiosities, we encounter a clutter of objects, including a large selection of keys, mirrors, etc. With this imaginatively created clutter, the artist reiterates the idea of shifting boundaries.Looking in the direction of the work, Doshi emphasises, \"Talking to Trishla brings new depth to the work because it helps one catch little nuances that would've otherwise gone unnoticed.\"(Trishla Jain's exhibition is on from February 11 to March 4, 11 am to 7 pm, at Gallery BMB, near Cathedral School, Fort)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "11865722", "title": "Love for adventure keeps couple on the road", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: \"Zindagi na milegi dobara (won't get this life back)'' is the motto Manuj and Surbhi Khanna live by. Always conscious of living in the moment, the couple loves to indulge their adventurous streak and travel. Some months ago they took a motorbike trip to Leh-Ladakh and the adrenaline rush they enjoyed has left them craving for more. So, the couple is now planning another biking trip to Lahaul Spiti.Manuj, 27, a resident of Sector 32 on Chandigarh Road, said he and his wife love exploring new places, meet different kinds of people and eat a variety of local foods where they travel. \"The amazing thing is that both of us love adventure and travelling. So when one comes up with an idea, the other backs it completely. Most of our trips have happened like that,'' said Surbhi, who works as merchandiser in an export unit. Married in 2009, the couple said they are making most of the carefree time they have before having kids.Manuj, who is working with KFC as a trainer, said, \"Both of us earn so we don't mind spending either.\"Bursting to tell about their trip to Leh and Ladakh, Manuj said, \"After marriage I had gone to New Zealand and when I returned to the country in 2011, I decided to go with Surbhi to Goa but we gave up that plan and shifted gears to making a motorbike trip to Leh and Ladakh. We covered a distance of 2,700km in eight days.''The couple reached Leh and then went on to Kargil, Drass and Tiger Hill. \"We even went to a cafe near Tiger Hill and spotted some empty shells and grenades. On our way back we went to Srinagar and drove to Ludhiana via Pathankot,'' he added.Surbhi said everywhere along the way they met locals and ate their food. \"However, at some places there was no food and our staple diet became Maggi and boiled eggs. We also met a lot of foreigners on the way. The most obvious thing we brought back with us was pigmentation on our faces that took a long time to heal,'' said Surbhi.In the middle of planning the trip to Lahaul Spiti, buying spare parts and other materials, Manuj said they are first going to make a visit to Bengaluru. \"We are going there to see a bird sanctuary and when we come back we will do more preparations for the Lahaul adventure,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11866431", "title": "This principal clicks well with nature &amp; hills", "text": "LUDHIANA: Khushvinder Kumar, 45, principal of BCM College of Education, Sector 32, has clicked more than 2,000 pictures of not just the scintillating beauty of shores but also of hills and desert. Nature is his favourite subject and hills are the most beautiful landscape for him.An educationist-cum-photographer who has eight books of mathematics and education to his credit, Khushvinder says, \"As a student and educationist, I got a chance to travel a lot and developed a taste for photography. I have been to 18 states including MP, Bihar, Maharashtra, Assam, Meghalaya, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan.\"A member of the National Assessment and Accreditation Council and of National Council for Teacher Education, he adds, \"Of the hills , I have clicked pictures of Kazirhanga wildlife sanctuary in Assam, Shillong in Meghalaya, Gaumukh, Gangotri and Tapovan in Uttranchal, Bhadarwah and Sopore in J&K; and Barot in Himachal Pradesh.\"Besides clicking pictures of Ranthambore wildlife sanctuary in Rajasthan, Khushvinder Kumar also shot pictures of other places in that state, including Jaipur and Jaisalmair. In the central and south India, he freezed scenes of marble rocks in Jabalpur of MP, Mysore Fort and Lal Bagh in Karnataka and Alapi back waters in Kerala.Khushvinder says, \"Of the historical monuments, I have beautiful clicks of Taj Mahal and Lal Qila in Agra. I own an Olympus camera but I have used other makes as well to shoot. I made full use of whatever I had.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866406", "title": "Chavan to do an Obama in college", "text": "Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan plans to strike a chord with the city's youngsters, just as US President Barack Obama did during his visit to the city in 2010, when he met students at St Xavier's College campus. Chavan will visit K C College at Churchgate on Monday when he, along with MP and Union minister Milind Deora, will interact with youngsters from the city. According to Suraj Thakur, Mumbai president of the Congress-affiliated National Students' Union of India (NSUI), which has organized the event, nearly 800 students from over 35 colleges will participate in the session.The Congress think tank wants Chavan to pull off something similar to Obama's campaign in order to garner support for the party in the run up to the BMC elections, a senior Congress leader said. \"Both Chavan and Deora hold a lot of appeal among the younger generation,\" the leader added. Students can field any question on governance-related issues. \"The ministers will answer every question, be it a tough one or a criticism of the functioning of the state and the central governments,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866482", "title": "Two shuttlers die in accident at Balewadi", "text": "PUNE: Two national-level badminton players from the city died in an accident near the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex at Balewadi around midnight on Sunday. Another player, who was also in the car, is critical and admitted to a a hospital in Chinchwad.Siddhant Ghorpade (21) of Purushottam Apartments, Bhusari Colony, Kothrud, and Saurabh Paralikar (24) of New Ajantha Apartments, Kothrud were killed when their speeding car, which Ghorpade was driving, went off the road and crashed into a tree. Ghorpade and Paralikar died on the spot. The third youth, Devavrat Bhalerao (20), of Anupam Apartments, Mayur Colony, Kothrud, suffered multiple fractures on his left hand and left leg.Sub-inspector D P Pachange of the Chatushrungi police station, who visited the spot, said they received information from the control room about the accident around 1 am. \"We found three youths trapped in the car. The two in the front seat were dead and the one in the rear seat was critically injured. We took them to a nearby hospital.\"A common friend of the three players said they had had dinner at a restaurant in Kothrud on Saturday night and were on their way to Lonavla for a long drive.Ghorpade and Paralikar were national-level players of the Poona District and Metropolitan Badminton Association. Association secretary Uday Sane told TOI that Paralikar was active at the state and national level and had captained the University of Pune team at the all-India inter-university badminton tournament in Mangalore in 2010. \"Paralikar represented the Indian University badminton team and played World University Games in Australia. He represented the district from 2008 to 2010,\" he said.Ghorpade played for the state in the junior category, Sane said. \"After 2007, he concentrated on playing doubles. His younger sister, Sanyogita, is an international shuttler,\" he said.Nihar Tilekar, a friend of Ghorpade and Paralikar, told TOI that Ghorpade was an engineer with a private firm in Pune. \"He was recently sent to Ahmedabad for a company project. When I spoke to him last week, he was travelling to Ahmedabad,\" Tilekar said.Ghorpade's father Ranjitsinh runs tuition classes for engineering students in Pune.Paralikar had completed his MBA (finance) and was working with a private company in the city. He is survived by his parents and an older brother.The Chatushrungi police have registered an offence under sections 279 (rash driving), 304(A) (causing death by negligence), 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code and various sections of the Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11865816", "title": "NCP releases women's manifesto", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Sunday released its women's manifesto which attempts to address issues such as safety, facilities for working women, special transportation system, economic empowerment and healthcare.NCP's city unit chief Vandana Chavan, who released the manifesto, said the party has plans to prepare a gender status report, on lines of the environmental status report, every year. The report will evaluate the social, economical and health status of women, she said.\"The party decided to have a special women's manifesto since there are a number of women's issues in the city that need to be dealt with,\" said Chavan, while addressing a news conference on Sunday.\"Surveillance systems for women's safety and close circuit television cameras monitoring in public places, including subways, would be introduced. We are also contemplating the concept of alarm bells at public places and public telephone booths which will help women alert locals and passers-by if they are in trouble.\"Chavan said safety at workplace and housing societies will be considered. \"Surveillance systems at parking lots and elevators in public places and housing societies are part of the manifestoto.\"\"The Domestic Violence Act has given women the strength to fight against violence. However, there needs to be awareness about the Act women need to know the provisions of the Act deal with issues apart from atrocities by husbands,\" she added.When pointed out that Though the manifesto has mentioned various points pertinent to women's needs, special public toilets and gender budget are missing in the manifesto, Chavan said they have been discussed in the main manifesto of the party. \"We have prepared the women's agenda from the main manifesto. So, we have not included many points in it,\" she said.Salient Points* Special security sign boards and stronger surveillance system* Special buses for women* Creche for children of working women* Daycare centre for senior citizens* Women-centric housing* Strict implementation of law to prevent sex determination", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867803", "title": "Businessman knifed, chain snatched at Burrabazar", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely 12 hours after a trader was gunned down in Burrabazar, the city's central business district witnessed yet another crime on Sunday with two robbers snatching a gold chain and a ring from a couple at Hariram Goenka Street, one of the busiest and congested roads of Burrabazar-Posta area.The twin incidents in close succession left the traders at Burrabazar jittery. Questions have also been raised on the security of the businessmen,who deal with crores of rupees daily.Amit Rungta, a trader who owns a saree shop on Park Street, stopped his car at Burrabazar to have some snacks while returning from his in-laws' house on Sunday morning.Rungta was on the driver's seat with his wife Jyoti sitting to his left. Suddenly, two youths came close to their car and brandished a knife, asking Amit to hand over his gold chain and other valuables.Noticing a huge crowd around, Amit screamed for help. \"At least 20 persons were close to the car who stood witness to the incident but could not help us,\" alleged Amit. However, the desperate robbers did not give up and tried to get hold of the chain. When Amit resisted, he was hit on his hand with a knife. Getting hold of the valuables, the duo made a hasty retreat.A complaint has been lodged with Posta police station. A probe has been initiated and cops have made a sketch of the robbers. Sources said police had engaged some hawkers to keep a vigil in the area in order to prevent such kinds of robbery. But Sunday's incident proved that even those men did not come to use to either to prevent the crime or nab the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865560", "title": "Lesotho national caught with charas", "text": "PANAJI: Sleuths from the anti narcotic cell (ANC) of the Goa police seized 5 kg of charas, worth around 5 lakh, from a foreign national on Friday night.Between 10.30pm and 11pm on Friday, an ANC team led by PI Raju Raut Dessai laid a trap near the petrol pump at Anjuna and caught Lesotho national Jude Paulo Williams, 29, red-handed while he had come to deliver the charas to a prospective customer.Sensing police presence after he was surrounded, Williams tried to escape. He pushed police constable Jeetendra Kambli and fled. However, the ANC team chased him and he was immediately caught. The Lesotho national made a second attempt to escape with the narcotic, but was overpowered.This is the ANC's first biggest catch of the year. The case is being investigated by PSI Vidhya Pagui.SP (ANC) Vaman Tari has announced a reward of 10,000 to PI Raju Raut Desai, PSI Vidhya Pagui, PSI Somnath Mahajik and police constables Devidas Haldankar, Jeetendra Kambli and Irshad Watangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870016", "title": "Grammy awards: Hitting the high notes", "text": "It's quite rightly called the holy grail for music-makers the world over. And for good reason. The Grammy Awards - music's biggest night - has been rated the most watched music awards show worldwide for 10 years now. It just doesn't get bigger than this one!You can catch the 54th Annual Grammy Awards presented by Idea, live and exclusive on Vh1 on February 13 at 6.30 am with a primetime repeat telecast at 9 pm. The award show's viewership figures in India last year crossed 4.5 million. By that measure, Vh1 currently holds the rights for two of the biggest awards shows in the world - the Grammys and the Globes. Expect everything - from red carpet buzz to backstage gossip to powerpacked performances.Two-time Grammy winner LL Cool J will host the awards this year, while Paul McCartney will rock the stage, apart from other artistes like Nicki Minaj , Katy Perry , Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band , Bruno Mars and Taylor Swift. Rihanna and Coldplay will perform together for the first time, so that's bound to be a classic! Of the continuing association with the Grammys, Ferzad Palia, Channel Head, Vh1 India says, \"The Grammys is one of the world's most watched events. It is an honour for Vh1 India to play home to this iconic property. India can look forward to tons of excitement as we build up to show day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871374", "title": "Michael Caine's Dark Knight tears", "text": "Gary Oldman has revealed Sir Michael Caine has some \"emotional\" scenes in 'The Dark Knight Rises'.The British actor - who plays the role of Jim Gordon in the Batman movie series - has revealed his co-star Michael, who portrays butler Alfred , cries in one part of the film, and he remained incredibly professional about doing it.He said: \"Watching Michael Caine work, as Alfred, was a great lesson for me. Just focus, concentration. He has this emotional scene, I'm kidding you not. It was tears and the whole thing. And it's, 'Take one'. He got it. 'Take 2', got it. 'Take three', got it. He's just on the money. Every single time. It's just extraordinary. You get inspired by it.\"However, he admits Michael does not always enjoy his time on the set of films and would often rather be elsewhere.Speaking in a Q&A; in New York , he added: \"He loves cricket. He loves soccer, so he comes to the set and wants to get it done. He doesn't f**k around because he wants to get back to cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11866775", "title": "Rushikulya erosion plays havoc with turtle nesting", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Large scale erosion and diversion of Rushikulya river mouth in Ganjam district is posing a serious threat to the annual mass nesting practice of Olive Ridley sea turtles. The endangered marine species has started sporadic nesting in the area this season in the four-km-long stretch from Purunabandh to Gokharakuda near the Rushikulya river mouth.\"The entire site is now submerged due to the shifting of the river mouth, which is likely to caused problem for the Olive Ridley turtles to lay eggs in mass,\" said divisional forest officer, Berhampur, A K Jena. They are likely to choose some other site for their annual nesting off Ganjam coast, he added.Some experts, however, raised doubts over the continuity of the mass nesting near the coast, when their traditional nesting site was wiped out.\"If they don't feel comfort, they may shift to other places,\" said a turtle expert. Sporadic nesting,which has taken place in some places near the traditional mass-nesting site, was not an indication of the mass-nesting in the same place, he clarified. He, however, rapid erosion and shifting of the river mouth was due to the climate change, and a natural phenomenon.Lakhs of Olive Ridley turtles, however, are seen swimming near the coastal area in Ganjam for nesting, wildlife officials said. The DFO added that forest officials kept ready other probable sites near the traditional mass-nesting site for Olive Ridley sea turtles.\"We have surveyed some of the probable sites off the Ganjam coast, where the turtles are likely to lay the eggs in mass on Saturday. We have asked the field staffs to keep a close watch on these probable sites,\" he added. Meanwhile, around 100 school children, mostly members of Eco Clubs of five nearby high schools, took part in a cleaning drive on the coast to facilitate nesting of the turtles. Around one tonne debris was cleaned in by the students, said the district coordinator of the Eco-Clubs, S N Beja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "11865942", "title": "Collector denies consent for jallikattu event at Thennalur in Pudukkottai", "text": "Pudukkottai: A much-awaited jallikattu to be held in Thennalur on Sunday was denied permission by Pudukkottai district collector B Maheswari as the organising committee failed to comply with the norms laid down by the Supreme Court for conducting such events.The jallikattu was scheduled to take place at Sri Muthumariamman temple in Thennalur. Taking into consideration regulations laid down by the SC in the conduct of the event, the village committee that was responsible for holding the event was involved in arranging facilities to comply with the norms. The organisers paid the deposit to the district administration within the prescribed time. They also informed the owners of the bulls and the bullfighters across the state through advertisements, of the event.However, a team of officials formed by the district administration inspected the arrangements on Saturday morning. They prepared their report mentioning the facilities which did not comply with the court regulations and submitted the same to the district collector. The officials were not satisfied with the barricades put up and facilities for the bulls among other things. Based on their report, the collector turned down the petition submitted by the village committee.On this matter, Maheswari told TOI that she rejected the plea in accordance with the report of the officials. \"The organisers did not comply with regulations of the court. The jallikattu was classified into two categories, major and minor events. Jallikattu in Thennalur falls under the major event category as one bull died during last year's event. To avoid such problems, the organisers should be aware of safety and other aspects,\" the collector said. On Saturday, the collector released a press statement rejecting their petition to conduct the event.Unaware of the cancellation of the event, bulls and bullfighters from Madurai, Salem, Trichy, Thanjavur, Pudukkottai and other districts kept converging at the village from Saturday night. The committee had 316 bulls and 250 bull-tamers registered for the event. However, about 500 bulls turned up for the event. All of them left the village disappointed, said K Anbu, a functionary of Tamilaga Veera Vilaiyattu Peravai who came with five bulls from Alangudi in Pudukottai district to participate in the competition.Anbu also said the residents of the village were upset as the Jallikattu was being held in Sri Muthumariamman temple in the village. Since the goddess is powerful, they considered the cancellation of event as a bad omen. Those who cancelled the event will come in for bad things, they felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865232", "title": "\u2018Model litigant\u2019 state needs to follow due process of law: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is expected to be a model litigant and cannot take possession of a citizen's private property without following the due process of law, the Bombay High Court has ruled.Nineteen years after the state took possession of a private land in Dhule for an irrigation project, a division bench of Justice B R Gavai and Justice Sunil Deshmukh directed the government to pay rental compensation to six farmers.\"The state is not empowered to take possession of a citizen's land without following due process of law,'' said the judges, adding, \"Even in case of urgency, the state cannot take possession of the land without following the provisions under Section 17 of the Land Acquisition Act.''The court castigated the state's stand that it was not entitled to pay any rental compensation to the farmers. \"To take possession of citizens' land dehors the provisions of law and then to contend that they are not entitled to rental compensation does not lie in the mouth of the state, which is expected to be a model litigant,'' said the court.Under Indian laws, the right to personal property is not absolute. Though the Constitution provides for a person to possess property, the state has been empowered to take possession of the land under the Land Acquisition Act. A citizen can approach the court, if proper procedures were not followed.In the present case, the land of the Dhule farmers was taken over by the government for an irrigation project in 1993. But the award of the compensation for the land was decided only in 1998. In 2010, the six farmers approached the government to seek rental compensation for the five years.The government refused, pointing to the delay of over 10 years in making the claims. The court did not accept the government's contention. \"It is the state, which has committed an illegality,'' said the judges. \"It is a well-settled principle of law that right to property is recognized as a constitutional right,'' said the high court, ruling that the farmers were entitled to payment of rent for the land by the government.The HC directed the state to take a decision on the rental compensation to be paid to the farmers within two months. It further asked the state to make the payment in another three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865785", "title": "Wetland birds in Kerala on the rise", "text": "KOCHI: A recent survey conducted as part of the Asian water-bird census, with the support of Kerala state forest department, in Kole wetlands of Thrissur found that about 46,005 birds were sighted this winter (2011-12) as against 37,742 birds in 2010-11.The head of Kerala Agricultural University's centre for wildlife studies, P O Nameer, who led the survey, told TOI that the decline in the pace of wetland reclamation and the slow but steady shift to organic farming practices seem to have contributed to the rise in wetland bird population. The Kole wetlands have been declared a 'Ramsar site', an ecosystem of \"international importance, especially as waterfowl habitat\".Nameer said there has been an increase in the numbers of darter, great cormorant, open-bill stork, painted stork, intermediate egret, great egret and garganey at the Kole wetland. However, the number of cattle egret, little egret, lesser whistling teal, cotton teal and waders has come down from the previous year.A survey conducted at Vembanad indicated that the number of birds which arrived this winter shot up to nearly 30,000 from 17,600 sighted last year. \"We are tabulating details of the survey,\" said B Sreekumar, who led the survey team there.\"Several wetland areas acquired by the tourism operators in Vembanad are remaining idle for want of sanction or because of public pressure. This seems to have come in as a blessing in disguise for the birds who use these lands for breeding and feeding,'' Sreekumar said.Poaching has also declined significantly at Kole and Vembanad because of public awareness and the forest department maintains a strict vigil here. V S Vijayan, former chairman, Kerala Biodiversity Board, said extensive loss of wetland in north India could be one reason for the rise of bird population in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaunpur", "code": "11865204", "title": "Migrants' money meets mafia power", "text": "JAUNPUR: Finding a sex ratio like Jaunpur (1018 female per 1000 male) in other parts of the state as well as country is almost rare. But, this outstanding female:male ratio is not the result of any anti-female foeticide campaign. It is the result of large-scale migration of male members to Gulf countries and Metros like Mumbai to earn a livelihood.Move just five kilometres from Guraini Bazar on Shahganj Road and one can witness how the living standard of the families whose male members are staying abroad has improved. Here the cluster of luxurious houses and big departmental store in Manikpur can surprise any visitor who has seen other parts of this, otherwise not so rich, district. There is a population of over 25,000 in this area and more than 1000 male members of Manikpur have migrated to Gulf countries. A similar migration pattern of male members is visible in neighbouring Bhadethi locality, where the population is about 5,000.The people in these clusters do not disclose the income of their earning members as well as the route of money transfer. But, an outer look of these areas and quality of household articles available at local departmental store is sufficient to reveal the up gradation of living standard of these people. However, those living in other parts of this big district, even those families whose male members are staying in cities like Mumbai for a better earning, are not as lucky as the natives of these areas.The reason why this district has been witnessing migration of lakhs of people, including skilled labourers, can be understood by viewing the pathetic condition of the industrial estates created in Trilochan Mahadeo (on Varanasi border) area and also in Maniyahu assembly area (on Bhadohi border). Here you can only find rare industries operating.Bhagwati Prasad Dubey, an elderly native of Maniyahu Bazar, said only acquiring land to declare industrial estate was not enough for industrial growth that could generate employment locally. To attract the industrialists, good infrastructure and better power scene were required. Giving more reasons for the large-scale migration of people, Jaideo said the size of families were increasing with the time due to which dependency on farming was not enough to fulfill all the requirements of modern day living, including better education.The large-scale migration of male members has also kept the female:male ratio to 1017 and 1013 per 1000 male in Azamgarh and Deoria districts respectively. But, Jaunpur is luckier than these two districts as the people, who have migrated from this district in past decades and made good earnings by staying in cities like Mumbai, ensured investment, especially in the field of higher education. Due to it the literacy level in this district is also better (73.66%). But, except for this sector, no similar growth is visible in other fields.Roads in good shape can be found in limited parts of the city but the huge network of roads including national and state highways that connect all parts of the district with headquarters are lying in a pathetic condition. Vijayram Yadav at Rampur said for the past two years, he had been noticing only patch work on the highway. The rural masses had also complaint that they got power supply for six hours only.Despite all these ground realities and difficulties in day to day life, people here are not ready to consider that any of these developmental issues would decide who should be voted to power. For them, caste, personality and party would play the deciding factors. Like Ramji Verma said: \"After 1989, people stopped thinking about developmental issues. The present political scene, especially in this region, shows the trend of voting, which is on the basis of caste and community equations, personality of individual politician and also the party would continue for more than a decade now.\" Prabhunath Mishra of Sikrara said when everyone spoke about favouring the candidate of their caste; it became a compulsion even for educated people to think on the same lines.Jaunpur: The Jaunpur district would be a centre of attraction during the assembly elections due to the interesting contests taking place, especially in Malhani and Maniyahu assembly areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11865699", "title": "Puri hoteliers ordered to demolish beach encroachments immediately", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Puri district administration has again cautioned 'encroaching' hoteliers to remove wooden fences from the beach. District collector Arvind Agarwal instructed the tehsildar to execute the order at the earliest.Sources said the 30-day notice was served to nearly seven seaside hotels on February 9. \"Some seaside hotels have encroached on the beach by erecting fences made of wood and wire for commercial purposes. They have been asked to remove the encroachments within a month, else we will take action against them,\" Agarwal told TOI.The notice came a few days after the newly-appointed collector stumbled upon the encroachment while enjoying a 3D painting by an American artist on the beach last week.However, citizens doubt if the order will ever materialize. \"The errant hoteliers work hand-in-glove with some district officials. They would not allow authorities to demolish their boundaries,\" a resident said.Sources said a number of notices and subsequent reminders were issued to the hotels in the past. The latest notice was served in April 2011 when Fakir Charan Satapathy was the district collector. Agarwal replaced Satapathy recently. \"Like his predecessors, the new collector too followed the standard procedure and shot a notice. It remains be seen how serious is the district administration this time,\" said a city-based restaurateur.\"We will comply with the administration's notice and remove the enclosures. Our intension was not to encroach the beach. Rather we had erected temporary fences to protect the casuarinas trees plated by the government,\" said Debendra Ray, a functionary of Hotel Mayfair.Last year the administration had taken initiative to construct a pavement from Digabareni Square to Chakratirtha Road by demolishing the encroaching fences, but they sprung up again.Meanwhile, wary of the spurt in drowning mishaps in the recent past, a few sea-facing hoteliers have decided to deploy their own lifeguards on the beach. \"The hoteliers also agreed to carry out cleanliness drives regularly on the beach. Swargadwar and Light House beach areas will be cleaned in the first phase,\" said Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865452", "title": "Autonomy for varsities sought", "text": "PATNA: Eminent educationists on Sunday expressed concern over the increasing interference of the government in the university administration and demanded complete autonomy for the universities as provided in the university Acts.Addressing a seminar on 'Autonomy in Higher Education in Bihar' organized by the Bihar chapter of the Indian Association of Teacher Educators (IATE) at the Gandhi Sangrahalaya here, they observed that the universities must be allowed to function freely as per the provisions of the Acts and Statutes for ensuring their proper growth and development. Former vice-chancellor of Patna University (PU) S N P Sinha presided.Inaugurating the seminar, former PU VC M Mohiuddin criticized the increasing inroad into the university autonomy by the powers-that-be and said it was proving detrimental to the academic growth. He said Section 10 of the university Act states that universities were to function under the chancellor not under the government. The universities used to get proper financial allocations from the state government till 1985, but after that the government started a practice of making ad hoc grants to the universities resulting in financial crisis. He urged the government to work for the betterment of the universities.Former chairman, Bihar School Examination Board, A K P Yadav said the universities have lost their identity due to their improper functioning. Even though the government is spending Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 per student, students were not deriving any benefit. Yadav said that the entire administration of the universities should be handed over to the government for ending the rift between the chancellor and the state government.Former B N Mandal University VC Amar Nath Sinha said that autonomy cannot be begged. \"We ourselves are responsible for the erosion of autonomy by indulging in non-academic activities throwing all norms to the wind,\" he said. Former PU VC Jagannath Thakur observed that the condition of schools was more deplorable than the universities. The infrastructural facilities of universities and colleges should be strengthened, he said. Former PU VC K K Jha blamed the faulty policy of the state government for delay in the appointment of teachers in universities. The problem of financial irregularities in universities must also be addressed properly, he said.IATE joint secretary Radha Krishna conducted the seminar. Patna Training College principal Khagendra Kumar, PU Hindi department head Amar Kumar Singh, PU Syndicate member Sudhakar Singh and former PU examination controller B N Singh also expressed their views. IATE state president Kumar Sanjeev proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11867128", "title": "Guntur to host Nandi drama awards", "text": "GUNTUR: Conceding to the demands of drama artistes and activists, the state government has agreed to conduct the Nandi award presentation for dramas in Guntur. However, the prize distribution programme has been postponed to February 25 from Monday in view of the assembly budget session.With the artistes and writers staging a revolt against the government's move to conduct the award presentation ceremony in Hyderabad, the government had agreed to conduct the programme in Guntur. The artistes threatened to stop all the performances if the government did not take a decision on the issue. Since the state budget is likely to on February 17, information minister D K Aruna requested the organisers to reschedule the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865418", "title": "Opium recovered", "text": "PATNA: Police on Sunday arrested two persons and recovered over 29 kg of opium (doda) powder from their possession.Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar said that acting on a tip-off that opium powder was being grinded at a flour mill owned by one Ramji Sao at Marwari School Lane under the Chowk police station, a police team led by SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar conducted a raid and arrested Sao.On the basis of revelations made by Sao, police later raided the house of one Hazari Lal Juneja at Harmandir Lane and recovered 2.5 kg of dry poppy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865149", "title": "Sushma wants Khurshid sacked", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj demanded immediate action against Union law minister Salman Khurshid for daring the Election Commission.\"It is our demand that the Prime Minister should ask resignation from Khurshid immediately to settle the row. If Khurshid remains reluctant on his stand, he (the PM) should advised the President to sack the minister,\" said Swaraj while talking to media persons on Sunday.It was for the first time in the history that the EC had to approach the President for help and intervention against the minister, she said and added that the President had forwarded the EC's complaint to the PM for appropriate action. \"As per the Constitution, a minister can hold the post till he enjoys the pleasure of the President,\" she said. It was upon the PM to take appropriate action.Khurshid, while addressing an election rally on Friday in Farrukhabad, said \"even if the Commission hangs him or does anything else, he would ensure that members of backward Muslim get their rights.\" However, the EC had censured Khurshid, taking the issue of reservation for backward Muslims as the violation of model code in recent past. Taking note of Khurshid's offensive tone in Farrukhabad, the EC wrote the President for intervention.\"Instead of showing remorse the law minister, who should abide by the law, is giving threat to the election commission, such a thing never happened before. The PM should take action at the earliest in this regard,\" she said.Describing the increasing percentage of polling in the first two phases of assembly elections as a good indicator for the BJP, she claimed that it was the indication that the silent supporters of BJP were coming out this time.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866133", "title": "Valentine's Day: Reclaim the day for free speech and expression", "text": "MUMBAI: Last week, Nilanjana S Roy, journalist, literary critic and blogger, posted the event '#flashreads for Free Speech' on various social networking sites. On Tuesday, February 14, Roy and posse will gather at 3pm at Lodi Gardens-Bridge Over The Duck Pond, Amrita Shergill Marg entrance-New Delhi. If you cannot join them, then #flashreads suggests you pick a location anywhere in your city and get a reading going.This Valentine's Day #flashreads is asking you to channel your energies towards reclaiming the day for free speech. Mumbaikars can participate in the 6pm reading at Shivaji Park. From books by authors who have encountered censorship-Salman Rushdie's Luka and the Fire of Life is part of the suggested reading list-to Rabindranath Tagore's Where the Mind is without Fear, participants can feel free to pick a text of their choice, although there is a suggested reading list.\"On February 14, 1989, Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa ordering the death of Salman Rushdie for writing The Satanic Verses. February 14th, or Valentine's Day, has also become a flashpoint in India, a day when protests against 'Western culture' by the Shiv Sena have become an annual feature,\" says Roy. \"Our hope is to take back the day, and observe it as a day dedicated to the free flow of ideas, speech and expression.\"There appears to be a growing disenchantment with the iron-handed manner of the State and the quick capitulation of cultural institutions that are easily bullied. Although one has no illusions regarding the imminence of an India Spring, it needs to be said that something's definitely happening here. Small acts of, what could broadly be described as, civil disobedience are shaping dialogue online and off it.Having encountered Roy's tweet on the subject, and subsequently her blog post, Sanjay Sipahimalani, executive creative director in a Mumbai advertising agency and weekend book reviewer, decided that he wanted to contribute to the initiative. \"I wanted to contribute, in however small a manner. So I designed these posters on my iPhone with the help of a poster-creating app,\" says Sipahimalani.Aided by the republic of the hyperlinks and opinions, it appears that free speech has a mind of its own and it is mostly without fear.Incidentally, in 1995, Sahmat (Safdar Hashmi Memorial Trust, Delhi), defied an unofficial ban on Rushdie's The Moor's Last Sigh by readings in the streets of the capital.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11866888", "title": "Maya hope lies in horror memories of Mulayam raj", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When Allahabad votes on February 15, SP's heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav would wish the political adage - public memory is short - comes true.BSP will hope Allahabad has not forgotten five years of Mulayam Singh Yadav's rule that sent crime rates soaring. The city is set to be the perfect test case to check if Maya can stoke the lingering 'Mulayam raaj' memory enough to keep people from jumping off her ship.It's a test case because Allahabad is home to bahubali Atiq Ahmed and BSP lets no opportunity pass to remind people of the Atiqs that Mulayam's earlier era spawned.Atiq Ahmed, now orphaned by SP and accused of several crimes including the murder of a BSP MLA from Phulpur, is seen to have once spread terror in the region claiming the SP chief's patronage.SP has understandably dumped Ahmed - a hoodlum to some and Robin Hood to his followers. Ahmed, once SP's MP from Phulpur, is seeking to revive his sagging political career by contesting from Allahabad (West), one of the district's three urban assembly constituencies, on an Apna Dal ticket. He recently got bail from the HC to campaign. Accused in many cases, the strongman with a handlebar moustache landed behind bars only when Mayawati, promising to improve law and order, swept to a clear majority in 2007 and went after SP warlords with vengeance.She did keep her promise of cleansing the streets of Allahabad of hoodlums and choking their political patronage but observers wonder if that might be enough for her to keep her flock of voters together or are they as tired of her regime this time around?While her core voters remain loyal, Maya has to contend with the possibility that others, 'plus votes' as poll pundits like to call it, could drift out of her grasp to either SP, which is attempting a to turn a new leaf or Congress, which may not have much of a cadre to boast of but has unleashed a frenetic campaign led by Rahul Gandhi.The caste calculus and candidates' affiliations for each of the 12 seats in Allahabad district would hold the key to electoral results, just as in any other part of the vast state. But the collections of these small chunks of votes are capable of altering the game substantially and Mayawati would be wishing, to twist the words a bit, that public memory persists as a welcome reprieve from the worries of her days.For Congress, spring lies in the high percentage of voting reported in the first two rounds. It would be hoping on February 15 that those disenchanted with the ping-pong between SP and BSP instead put their trust in a leader from Delhi that has too few a sepoy in UP to fight his battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870673", "title": "Need to value women writing on women: Karnad", "text": "BANGALORE: How much attention do people pay to women writing about women? Not much; frameworks to ensure that such writing gets its due is what is needed in literature, said litterateur Girish Karnad at Lekhana, the city's own literary fest at the National Gallery of Modern Art.Karnad, who read from his autobiography to conclude the fest on Sunday, was earlier part of a panel debating various issues including women's writing, autobiographies and women and bodies.The veteran playwright recalled his mother's autobiography, which was one of the reasons why he wrote his own. \"My mother's work didn't find its way into the lives of my nieces and nephews. It wasn't considered that important,\" he said, implying that the work didn't evoke great interest among people around her.Karnad, who begins his autobiography with a statement about his mother and her work, suggested that writing about women by women wasn't taken very seriously by society, and that had to change.Other panellists like Joshua, Kutti Revathi and Mamta Sagar spoke on women and bodies - why women should go beyond their bodies in their writing and that they shouldn't be too embedded in writing about body alone.The fest saw participation of 100 literature, theatre and culture enthusiasts. There were theatre performances and book readings apart from panel discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866724", "title": "Scarcity haunts smaller denomination currencies in state", "text": "INDORE: Disappearance of currencies belonging to small denominations like Re 1, Rs 2 &amp; Rs 5, from the state has opened up a host of problems for businessmen, especially small-time traders and commonman together.While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has stopped printing of banknotes of small denominations from Re 1 to Rs 5, the scarcity still persists despite adequate minting of coins of the small denominations. Again, certain coins are allegedly being used by local small time jewellers for casting them in the jewelleries and it may be a reason behind the lack of such currencies.In the absence of small denomination currencies, the grocery shops and tea vendors have evolved a unique way to address the issue. They are offering chocolates against balance, in place of the small denomination currencies or coins.On the bankers' part, they are trying to resolve the issue by opening special exchange counters at their branches. Still, the measures are unable to address the issue which has become too big to digest. Also, the bankers feel that as per a tendency among the commonman, they leave the balance of small currencies at their homes before retiring for the day and when they come out the other day, they just not bother to carry such currencies with them.Surprisingly enough, these small denomination currencies are easily available to the florists, that prepare garlands full of fresh currency notes so as to meet the demand for occasions like marriages,Dhanraj Wadhwani, president, Rajwada Cloth Market Merchant Association, said, \"In the absence of small denomination currencies, we issue coupons to customers against balance amount.\"If the coupon gets soiled, torn or lost, the value of the balance amount is decreased, he says.\"On the other hand, the small-time vendors compel us to accept chocolates in place of the small denomination currencies or coins in the name of tackling the crisis, said Wadhwani.The bankers devised a novel way to address the issue. They are opening exchange counters at their branches to distribute lower denomination currencies against the higher denomination notes.SK Rawat, branch manager, State Bank of India , said, \"We opened an exchange counter at the mela premises during the recently concluded 'Khajuraho Festival' in which we had distributed small denomination currencies in the form of coin and valued at Rs 2.5.\"On a similar lines, Sanjay M Kelkar, sales officer, Bank of India in Indore, said that keeping in view the existing problem, the bank made it a point that it would not return its customers who were coming for exchange of currencies, even if they were torn or soiled notes.'Currency production hiked'A senior official at the office of the director of coins and currencies, said that it has increased production of currencies in all denominations. \"We are receiving complaints, including from MP, related to shortage of such currencies. We had minted 6,900 million pieces of total currencies during 2011-12, as compared to 6,000 million during the previous fiscal.\"The officials said that it was observed that the problem of small denomination currencies was more severe in the remote areas. Similarly, an official at the Bank Note Press in Dewas said that bigger orders for printing of banknotes were expected after getting an imported automated machine from Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872083", "title": "Meet Nikon D800 DSLR camera", "text": "Nikon's newest professional DSLR uses a full frame 36.3 Megapixel sensor (sensor size is the same as a frame of 35mm film) and the EXPEED 3 image processing engine.Thanks to all the hardware muscle, it can records 1080p video, capture images at ISO 25,600 and take in-camera HDR images.Other specs include dual card slots (CF and SD), HDMI out, 900 gram weight and a 3.2-inch high resolution LCD display. The camera is expected to arrive late March for US $3,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865333", "title": "Auto drivers to stage dharna", "text": "PATNA: Auto drivers under the aegis of Auto Mens' Union would stage a day-long dharna near the Patna Junction roundabout on February 19 in support of their 12-point charter of demands.A decision to this effect was taken at a meet held at the Pataliputra Colony roundabout under the leadership of union president Subodh Kumar and general secretary Ajay Kumar Patel on Sunday.Patel, in a press release issued here, said that the union members would urge the state government to look into their demands. He said that the union opposes facilities extended to a private transport firm to purchase 150 buses on zero balance with 40 percent concession and violation of traffic rules by it while running on different routes of the city. Patel said that the facility extended to this firm should be given to the members of the union as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865240", "title": "Ring Road only alternative to 'killer' bypass", "text": "JAIPUR: With other alternatives to divert the heavy traffic on B2 bypass being ruled out on the ground of feasibility, the authorities are back to square one. This implies that the plying of heavy vehicles on the B2 bypass cannot be stopped immediately.In the wake of several fatal accidents on the bypass and subsequently, the protests by local residents have forced the authorities to consider an alternative. However, officials of various departments, who carried out an inspection to look for other possibilities, said developing other routes for heavy vehicles is not just an expensive affair for the government but also a time consuming one.Officials argued that with several projects in the pipeline, and huge amount of money already being invested in developing the B2 bypass, spending more on developing another route is not advisable.The officials explored three alternative routes on Sunday-- in front of the Pratap Plaza, in Vatika Village on the Tonk Road, and along the railway track near Shivdaspura. All these routes are connected to Muhana, a junction connecting Ajmer road and Agra road.\"However, construction, widening and strengthening of roads on all these routes would amount to a spending of nearly Rs 150 crore. Then, the state government will again have to acquire land, which is a tedious job these days,\" an official, who was part of an inspection team, said.The government will have to acquire around 6-7 km of private land on either of these routes, which is herculean task, he insisted. Dealing with the existing bottlenecks on the proposed alternate routes will also be a challenge.Also, developing an alternative route will take a minimum of one year even if the government does not face any difficulties in land acquisition. Till then, the bypass will have to be opened to heavy vehicles.In such a scenario, Ring Road is the only permanent solution, said sources. \"The state government has to show will power in constructing the Ring Road as all the land is acquired and work is been awarded to the company and no more investment is to be done,\" said a senior official.Though the work has begun, but it will take at least two years before it can be functional. With several controversies regarding land possession, the much-delayed project is expected to be delayed further.At the same time, official also suggested better traffic management at the B2 bypass to check the rate of accidents. \"The traffic department has to manage heavy traffic for only 400 metres, which is a small patch of the residential area. Once the roads are widened and service lanes are constructed, the heavy traffic can move smoothly,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865944", "title": "All-party meet on high-speed rail today", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy convened an all-party meeting on Monday to evolve a consensus on the proposed high-speed rail corridor project from Thiruvananthapuram to Mangalore.\"Our effort is to take everybody into confidence on the project. We want to listen to the concerns and anxieties of all parties. If they have any viable suggestions, we will certainly try to include them,\" Chandy told TOI here on the eve of the meeting. \"The Centre has already given in-principle nod for this Rs 1.18 lakh crore project. Japanese loan for the project is also almost through,\" he added.With the CPM making it clear that it was the previous the LDF ministry led by them which had originally mooted the project, there would not be much of an opposition to the project as such. \"We had entrusted Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to prepare the feasibility report on the project and had included it in the last budget of the LDF ministry,\" the party leader P Rajeev, MP said.Work on the corridor is expected to begin in April 2013, provided it gets all the necessary clearances and assurances of financial support. First phase from Thiruvananthapuram to Ernakulam is expected to be ready in five years and the entire stretch in seven years. DMRC will submit the detailed project report on the rail corridor by September.BJP state president V Muralidharan said even though his party had been invited for the meet, the government has not yet given any details of the project. ``Considering that the project calls for massive investment, we have our apprehensions on its viability. What we need is viable and realistic projects for solving Kerala's infrastructural backwardness. We should focus on developing waterways and other cheaper modes to improve connectivity,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11867035", "title": "'John is really a nice man'", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In May 2011, when John Abraham stayed with his future in-laws at McLeodganj, he may have succeeded in escaping media glare, but he had the family members truly charmed. A year later, they recall him having breakfast with them and playing with kids. John had come after his fiancee Priya Runchal's grandfather built a new hotel 'Hotel - M' and stayed for three days.\"I couldn't stop staring at him (John) as he took breakfast in our drawing room, and smiled charmingly when I told him that I couldn't believe my eyes that he was sitting here,\" says Krishna Devi, a relative of the Runchals.Hansraj, who has been the family's driver for 16 years now, had gone to receive the actor at the airport. \"He sat by my side, while I was trembling and sweating. I couldn't speak a word on the way -- from Gagal airport to McLeodganj,\" he recalls. \"I'm very happy that our Madam is going to marry such a big personality,\" he adds.Tripta Devi, another member of the household, too, is happy for \"our Madam\". She claims, \"John is really a nice man and not egoistic at all. He is handsome, but the most beautiful thing is his smile.\"The manager of hotel where John stayed, Vivek Sharma says, \"We offered the best hospitality we could, but he was like a family member and never pointed out of anything. We didn't feel that we had a celebrity in our midst. He was so humble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866432", "title": "Woman raped at night by duo during a power outage", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 35-year-old woman was raped by two men from her neighborhood at Karattumedu near Mettupalayam on Friday night, when the whole area fell into darkness due to a power outage.The woman was later admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital with injuries. She told police that the men were known to her family and they were talking to her in a very friendly way till the power went out. As soon as the power outage started, they dragged her out of the residential compound to a bushy area where they raped her. The woman said she was in an utter shock as the attack was totally unexpected. The men are absconding and police are on the lookout for them.According to police, the woman and her husband had rented a house at Pettaikaran Street near Karattumedu. Manoharan, 27 and Mahendran, 19, both from the same area, had recently become friendly with the family. She was alone at home on Friday night when the duo visited, saying they just came to chat with her. They asked her to come outside. Unsuspecting, she conceded to their request. But she was brutally raped.When the victim returned home she told her husband what had happened. He took her immediately to CMCH and medical tests were conducted. She told police that the duo were in a drunken state, although initially, they seemed to be well-behaved. When the lights went out, they suddenly changed their attitude and became violent, she said. She also told police that she used to have long conversations with them, sometimes over the phone.\"We have formed a special team to nab the culprits,\" said Inspector M Subramaniam of Mettupalayam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865242", "title": "Cong should tell why it failed to fulfill promises: Akhilesh", "text": "VARANASI: Samajwadi Party's state president Akhilesh Singh Yadav said instead of seeking details of the development works in UP of past 22 years, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi should give an account of the past eight and a half years at the Centre in which the Congress-led UPA government failed to fulfill its promises.While addressing a charged gathering at Seer Gowardhan in support of party candidates on Sunday, Akhilesh said the SP had extended support to the Congress-led UPA government when the latter assured to provide atomic energy to the state. But, the UPA did not fulfill its promises, alleged Akhilesh. \"First of all, the Congress should give an account for its failure,\" he claimed.He said when elections were declared, Rahul started visiting the villages and the houses of poor people. \"But, the SP has emerged from the same villages and people,\" he said, \"due to it the party is maintaining a stronghold in the state's politics.\"Targeting Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), he said after going through the agenda and manifesto of the SP, the BJP became terrorised. He said \"now the BJP is copying the plans of SP by introducing special schemes for girls and distributing laptops among the students.\"He said the parties making tall claims after seeing a surprise rise in vote percentage should always keep it in mind that the SP had preferred youth candidates on most of the seats in state, \"hence they can understand easily where the votes of youth are going.\" He also reiterated the pre-poll promises of SP and said the price of bicycles would go down after the SP came to power in the state.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869636", "title": "Shanghai's promo edited for Emraan!", "text": "The makers of Shanghai have decided to re-edit the first promo of their film. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that they were not happy with Emraan Hashmi's positioning in it. In simpler terms, they wanted one of their lead stars, Emraan, to be the highlight of the promo alongside Abhay Deol.A source close to the film's producer, PVR Pictures, informed us, \"The producers were not satisfied. In it, Abhay Deol appeared first then Prosenjit followed by Emraan. The producers wanted the order changed. Considering Emraan's mass appeal, they wanted him to appear in the beginning of the promo with Abhay.\"When contacted, director Dibakar Bannerjee confirmed the change in the promo but refused that it had anything to do with Emraan's 'appeal'. \"We have re-edited the first trailer. But it's only because Emraan's character in the film is a smoking time bomb. He starts off being a fun guy. Then something happens and his character explodes into action.\"Producer PVR Pictures however, had no compunctions in admitting that it was Emraan's 'appeal' that urged them to change the promo. Kamal Gyanchandani, Mumbai Area, India -President at PVR Pictures said, \"Going by past records, Emraan has a huge fan base. In the first promo, we thought Emraan had lesser footage. We wanted to correct that. In the film Abhay and Emraan are co-leads. We wanted to give them equal footage in the promo as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870315", "title": "Kangana Ranaut inspired by Jackie Chan", "text": "The actress who is playing an action role for Krrish 3 is inspired by Jackie Chan and is learning martial arts.Kangana Ranaut known for her glamourous image will be getting into the action avatar for the first time in Rakesh Roshan's Krrish 3 where she plays a negative role. The actor, who is busy shooting for the movie right now, took special training in Martial Arts, Kick Boxing and Yoga to get in form for her role. After all she has to fight against the hero Hrithik Roshan in the film.Her inspiration for action comes from Jackie Chan. \"I remember watching Jackie Chan movies as a child, staring at the screen and trying to imitate his moves. It would be a privilege to meet him in person\", says Kangana.So which would be her favorite Jackie Chan movie? \"His work is so good and versatile it's difficult to choose one. But I like Jackie Chan Project and Police Story . And I really like Rush Hour since it's so difficult to mix fight scenes with humour and only Jackie Chan can do that effortlessly\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ambaji", "code": "11865517", "title": "Temple town in saffron hue", "text": "AMBAJI: There is hardly a day when this temple town is not crowded. But on Sunday, the crowd was only getting bigger since early morning as all roads led to the ground where chief minister Narendra Modi sat on his 36th and final Sadbhavana mission fast.The town was painted in saffron and vermillion as local BJP unit pressed nearly 500 state transport buses into service to bring villagers at the venue.Except BJP Rajya Sabha MP Smruti Irani and in-charge of Gujarat affairs Balbir Punj , the dais was bereft of big national BJP leaders, who had made their presence felt in the first Sadbhavana fast in Ahmedabad.If Modi's anti-Congress tirade won applauses from audience, party's national vice-president Purushottam Rupala left many in splits with this address in colloquial Kathiawadi language. People clad in traditional dresses and saffron turbans were seen at the venue sitting in the front rows while hundreds made a beeline to greet the chief minister.The party also ensured that people did not go hungry. A BJP worker said that approximately Rs 10 lakh were set aside for food bills.In stark contrast to the Sadbhavana fast, Congress' Satkarma fast found few takers. The difference was visible from the number of people at the parallel function held a kilometre away from Modi's. Barely had the party leaders finished their speech that people began to leave the venue hurriedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865558", "title": "Ten speed-interceptor vans to capture violators on camera", "text": "NEW DELHI: The traffic police plans to use 10 speed interceptor vans across the city to take pictures of violating vehicles - along with the time, location and speed - which would be included in the challan posted to the offender's address within 48 hours. \"A printout of the picture, along with the challan, will be sent to the vehicle owner's house through courier or a traffic police officer,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg has said.Speeding violations are booked under section 112/183 of the Motor Vehicle Act. Commercial vehicles found speeding are booked for Supreme Court violations with a fine of Rs 2000, impounding of the vehicle and even suspension of the permit for up to 30 days, said traffic cops.The speed limit for private vehicles is 60 kmph in most stretches and 70 kmph in others, while commercial vehicles cannot move faster than than 40 kmph anywhere in Delhi.If the vehicle has been sold and the sale not been registered formally, the original owner will be liable to pay the fine, warned traffic cops. While the challans will be posted to vehicle owners with Delhi number plates, speeding vehicles registered in other states will be challaned on the spot. \"Since it gets difficult to track down owners of vehicles registered outside Delhi, traffic officers will challan them on the spot,\" said an officer.Those getting challans at home will have to pay the fine within seven days, after which the challan will be sent to court. \"If the vehicle owner does not respond to court summons, a warrant can be issued in his name. We are not letting any offenders escape,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The department is also in the process of acquiring equipment capable for working at night as well, Garg said.Random checks have already started in high-speed stretches like the Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road, outer Ring Road, NH-8, NH-10, NH-2, DND, NH-1 and Road Number 56. Other spots will also soon come under checking, cops said.Traffic cops said earlier, a speed-checking team would comprise 30-odd policemen who flag down vehicles and issue challans. \"Even motorists who committed no offense suffered due to jams. There have been cases where traffic policemen have been assaulted while conducting these checks. Last year, one of our officers was killed in such an incident near Ashram,\" said a senior officer.Last year, more than 44,000 challans were issued for speeding. In 2012, cops expect to issue two lakh challans that will hopefully curb the menace of speeding, the single biggest cause of fatal accidents.If the vehicle has been sold to someone but the ownership records have not been changed, the person under whose name the vehicle is registered will be held accountable and will have to cough up the fine, said cops.\"We receive a number of complaints when the owner of the vehicle is contacted for challan that the vehicle has already been sold off. We will not be entertaining any such requests and the registered owner will have to pay the challan,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864951", "title": "More geese collared in Mongolia seen at Paradgaon", "text": "NAGPUR: After the NU collared bar-headed goose being sighted near Paradgaon lake on Umrer road for the last four years, three more such geese were spotted near the lake. Two of them have been identified as K60 and X97 which were collared in Mongolia .The NU goose was collared to study their migration patterns which fly over the Himalayas. The recently spotted geese had been collared in 2011 to study the spread of avian influenza virus (AIV) and recognize possible vulnerable areas where they could spread.Tarun Balpande and Surendra Agnihotri who spotted the geese on the banks of Paradgaon said that this sighting proved that the lake is proving to be the chosen wintering ground for these migratory birds which travel around 4,000km to come here.They said the reason for this is the amount of paddy and wheat fields around the lake. \"These birds are pure vegetarians and love shoots. And they get a lot of it in the fields surrounding the lake. Also, the lake has red grass which they eat,\" said Balpande.Agnihotri said that the banks of the lake might be another attraction for birds. \"Many lakes don't have proper banks but in Paradgaon there are a lot of marshes with weeds growing in abundance which are liked by the bar-headed geese,\" he said.While they have expressed their happiness and the importance of this sighting in further research, the bird watchers are worried about the future of the lake. \"We have noticed that the water level in the lake has receded by around 25m. Apart from this, poaching and illegal fishing are rampant. This might bring down the already dwindling number of birds visiting the lake,\" said Agnihotri.Dr Tarique Sani, a bird watcher of the city, said that it was a welcome news but he too pointed out the deterioration of the habitat saying that activities disturbing the region were rising fast.\"These birds form a pattern of their journeys which are hard to break. When the NU goose had come four years back for the first time, the lake was relatively undisturbed. But now, especially since the last one year, human interference has risen very much,\" he said.Balpande said that it had become important that such birding hotspots be given protection too as they play an important part in the life cycle of migratory birds.\"Even the posting of one forest guard or police official to keep an eye on the illegal activities will help a lot,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865585", "title": "State lagging behind in agriculture and allied sectors", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan, which is eyeing multi-million projects in infrastructure, solar energy and manufacturing, is missing out opportunities in agriculture and allied sectors.Rajasthan is the second largest producer of milk in the country but processes only 10% of it. Similarly, the state is the leading producer of wool and meat animals but fails to encash it.Experts believe the state has a lot of potential for generating revenue from agriculture and allied products and proper attention should be given to this sector.\"Today people are shifting from food security to food safety. The significant rise in per capita income has led to change in the food basket of households. People in rural India consume equal amounts of cereals and animal proteins. In this scenario, Rajasthan has a huge advantage as we are the leading producer of animal protein like milk and meat,\" said AK Gahlot, Vice Chancellor, Rajasthan University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences.At present, only Rajasthan has its own brand of milk and milk products. Saras, a product of Rajasthan Co-operative Dairy Federation Limited (RCDF), has the largest market share of packaged milk in the state, with 14 lakh litres of milk being sold per day. However, it is the only prominent brand which sells processed milk and its products. \"Given the quantity of milk production and size of the state we should have many brands of milk. We process only 10% of the total milk produced, which should be enhanced,\" claimed Gahlot.He feels the other area the state should focus on is marketing its produce as organic. \"In the desert state, 80% agriculture is rain-fed and a large number of animals graze in pastures or consume crop residue. So there is scope for branding animal meat as organic and this could result in huge revenues for the entrepreneurs and the state,\" added Gahlot.Lack of any organized union of farmers working in this sector makes it difficult for them to negotiate higher value for their quality products. Due to lack of any cooperative society or association they can not fix the prices of their produce.\"Rajasthan doesn't have a union of farmers engaged in agriculture and allied sectors like Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh. Over there farmers are in far better economic condition when compared to other states. On the lines of cooperative societies for milk, a society for meat animal rearers should be formed so that they can get fair price for their products,\" Gahlot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867237", "title": "Invisible worker, invisible pay", "text": "HYDERABAD: Much like unpaid household work, women working from home have been ignored and their income has remained invisible and undervalued. This is paradoxical as it is often the basis for the survival of families steeped in poverty. Such labour is what the primarily unorganised sector of agarbatti, safety pin or bangle making in the Old City thrives upon.After completing her morning household chores, Amina (name changed) gets her supply of jigat powder and charcoal from contractor saab. She makes them into a paste ready to be rolled on the bamboo sticks. Her two daughters, 6 and 8 years respectively, help her cut the sticks as her saab says that children, having small and nimble fingers, can cut very thin slices, perfect for the agarbattis. What she is unaware of is that the contractor only seeks their services so that he can get away with paying them a measly sum. Ask her how much she makes in a day, and out comes the shocking figures __ of Rs 12-15 (depending on the width of the agarbatti). Her children, anything between Rs 8 and 10 per day.There are many like Amina in the informal labour sectors of the Old City. Be it rolling agarbattis, making safety pins or studding stones on bangles, a huge number of women actively participate as silent contributors to these age-old businesses.Most of these women, understandably, prefer working from home. \"I used to work in the karkhana earlier, but after my second son was born, I had to quit since there was no creche facility in the factory,\" says Rezwana, a bangle-maker. Mother of two, 27-year-old Rezwana goes on to say how she has now started getting supply of raw materials to her house where she, along with her sister and sister-in-law, manages to make Rs 50-70 a day for one set of bangles (two dozen). After the food is cooked for the day, her kitchen is converted into a small karkhana to produce the bangles. Bangle-making requires a furnace to burn constantly, therefore her tiny kitchen turns hot and dusty, oozing smell of burning chemicals from its every pore. She knows that the bangles she makes are sold at prices ranging between Rs 450-4000 per pair. \"We know we are not paid proportionately. But we don't have the resources to buy the stones,\" says Rezwana, whose husband is jobless and alcoholic.While the helpless Rezwana is aware of the exploitation, 25-year-old Fatima is seemingly happy and content with the Rs 10 she earns a day for making a kilo of safety pins. Following the same routine as Rezwana, Fatima gets the wires supplied to her house by agents. Busy with her household chores and attending to her one-year-old, Fatima tries to work out a balance. She terms the constant backache she suffers from as a professional hazard. \"It comes with the package,\" she says dismissively. When told that what she earns is way below the government guideline, she retorts, \"If I don't do, someone else will. There are so many women waiting to get this job.\"Jameela Nishat, from Shaheen Women Resource and Welfare Organization, agrees with Fatima. \"Since the women earn a bare minimum, they have no resources to buy the raw materials. They are forced to rely on contractors. Because there are no unions to offer protection in this sector, the women fall prey to contractors. Regardless of the bare minimum that they earn, there is a great deal of competition in this sector. There is a need to bring these women together under one roof ,\" she says. Adding to their woes are issues of sexual harassment these young women face in the hands of the 'all-powerful' contractors. \"We have begun our work with a survey of 1000 women from the Old City, 300 of whom are women who work from home making incense sticks and safety pins. Our next step would be to unite them,\" says Nishat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866996", "title": "Admission alert", "text": "IMT Ghaziabad has launched a one-year postgraduation course in sales and marketing (PGCSM) in collaboration with NIIT Imperia. For details , log on to www.niitimperia .com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867015", "title": "A global classroom", "text": "CBSE plans to introduce an international curriculum in select schools in India from the next academic session. Vishakha Sharma reportsThe Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)-International Curriculum, which is being followed by 30 schools in nine countries excluding India, will now be taught in CBSE schools in India as well.CBSE has decided to introduce the international curriculum (CBSE-i ) in select schools in India from the academic session 2011-2012 (classes I and IX). The board will be offering CBSE-i curriculum on a pilot basis in 50 schools, representing all regions of the country.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman , CBSE, the board has schools across the world, catering to the needs of Indian students settled in different countries. The students in these schools need a curriculum that is in-sync with global trends and current pedagogical patterns. The board, therefore, wants to provide a globally sensitive curriculum that will help Indian learners either to pursue higher studies in countries abroad or interact meaningfully with global markets for ensuring active participation in the development process. He says, \"Initially, in the academic year 2010-2011 , this curriculum was implemented in about 25 schools in Middle-East and South Asia as a pilot project for classes I and IX. Now, the curriculum will be initiated in India in schools that are willing to adopt this curriculum.\"Critical SkillsCBSE-i curriculum, to be introduced in the month of April or July, aims to promote critical and creative thinking skills, effective communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills and information and media skills. The curriculum , in its first phase, will be open to all CBSE schools, which express interest in it. Later, in the next phase, around 50 private and government schools from India will be selected by the board to offer this curriculum.However, before that, selected schools will have to undergo an orientation programme and then apply to the board in order to obtain a grant. \"The board will also provide training programmes to teachers covering philosophy , content, methodology and evaluation issues. It will also extend teacher-support materials for guidance and self-learning modules in the form of online teacher support groups,\" adds Joshi.As far as evaluation is concerned , learners, according to Joshi, will be evaluated based on continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE). The focus of assessment would be on testing the skill-base of learners . The existing CBSE curriculum is based on the National Curriculum Framework (NCF)- 2005. The international curriculum will keep all the significant components of NCF as its base, building on it to provide a more learnerfriendly, stress-free and skill-based approach.Student HelplineThe Delhi Mental Health Helpline (1860 266 2345), launched by Sheila Dikshit , Delhi chief minister, is offering a 24x7 service, where trained counsellors will help students and parents to cope with exam stress. The counsellors would also call back the students for follow-up assistance. The Helpline is a three-tier system. Clinical psychologists trained in counselling are primary call takers. Calls are escalated to trained psychiatrists depending on their seriousness. In extreme cases, calls are passed on to senior, experienced and empanelled psychiatrists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11869887", "title": "Over 12 lakh students appear in GATE examination", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 12 lakh GATE aspirants took the examination on Sunday. The Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) is an all-India examination conducted jointly by the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore and the seven Indian Institutes of Technology ( IITs) for admission to post graduate programs in engineering, technology, architecture and pharmacy at national level.GATE 2012 - morning session (9am-12 pm) Common GATE 2012 largely followed the pattern of last year's paper, as previously announced in the GATE 2012 prospectus. The paper consisted of 65 questions with a maximum score of 100 marks. The questions were MCQ type with four options. Every wrong answer incurred a negative marking of 1/3. The question-wise breakup of the paper was - engineering mathematics: 15 marks; general aptitude (verbal ability and numerical ability): 15 marks; core engineering subjects: 70 marks.However, this year cut-offs are likely to be slightly higher for both the papers (keeping in view the large number of students appearing in GATE 2012).Overall, it was a scoring paper for students with strong fundamentals.According to CL Gate Aspire CS / IT - Analysis in general, this paper was slightly tougher as compared to GATE 2011. A majority of the questions were from DBMS and data structure and algorithm and computer network whereas very few questions were seen from compiler design. Surprisingly, there were no questions from software engineering. In terms of the difficulty level, questions from TOC and DMGT were the toughest and questions on DBMS and data structure were the easiest.GATE 2012 saw the weight-age allotted to computer networks increase from 6% to 13%, while the weight-age allotted to computer organisation decreased from 16% to 3% as compared to last year. There was very change in the weight-age of subjects like maths, compiler design and digital.Mechanical Engineering - Analysis In general, the difficulty level of this paper was similar to that of the last year. GATE 2012 saw the weight-age allotted to manufacturing and production engineering increase from 12 % to 16%, while the weight-age allotted to thermodynamics decreased from 19% to 13%. There was very little change in the weight-age of subjects like maths, general aptitude and applied mechanics and design.About 21% questions were from manufacturing section whereas very few questions were seen from thermal science which includes thermodynamics, fluid mechanics and heat transfer. In terms of the difficulty level, questions from mechanics and design were the toughest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866531", "title": "PMC awards dog sterilisation contracts to three NGOs", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has awarded contracts for sterilisation of stray dogs to three organizations - the Animal Rights Fund, Animal Protection Club and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. These NGOs are supposed to catch dogs, sterilise them and release them back in the same area they are caught in.The Animal Rights Fund covers the Kothrud area, with a sterilisation centre inside Kothrud depot. The Animal Protection Club has a sterilisation centre at Malwadi, Hadapsar, while the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has one at the PMC dog pound, Naidu Hospital.The NGOs identify a locality and visit it on a daily basis to capture dogs for sterilisation. They also work on the complaints received by PMC headquarters and work on an ad hoc basis. The NGOs have their own vans to catch stray dogs.PMC health officer Suryakant Deokar said that \"The PMC had called for tenders and contracts have been awarded to these three NGOs recently for one-year period. The PMC provides the funds for sterilisation, ie, Rs 490 for sterilisation of one dog.\"The dogs are being sterilised under the 'catch-neuter-vaccinate-release' programmes and released on the same day. One can also take dogs to the sterilisation centres or contact the volunteer coordinators.Animal Welfare Board officer Manoj Oswal said it was important that the sterilised dogs were released in the same area from where they were captured, as dogs are territorial. \"I have found that the Animal Rights Fund is following the rules, but the other two NGOs do not release the dogs in the same area. I will submit a report on this to the Animal Welfare Board of India,'' he said.Both the organizations, however, denied this claim. Umakant Gaur, secretary, Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, said that their dog squad released the dogs back in the area they were caught from.Mali , a veterinary doctor at the Animal Protection Club also said that \"The club team sterilises dogs and releases them in the areas from where they were captured.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866391", "title": "Hegde seeks criminal action against MLAs who watched porn", "text": "COIMBATORE: Team Anna member and former Karnataka Lokayuktha Sathosh Hegde on Sunday slammed opposition parties in Karnataka, especially the Congress, for not initiating criminal proceedings against the BJP MLAs who were caught by television cameras while seeing porn clippings in the state assembly.\"Instead of creating noise pollution, why is the Congress not lodging a complaint against them with the police?'' he asked while talking to news reporters on the sidelines of a function held in the city. The special privileges of MLAs are not applicable in this case, he said.When asked whether the Lokayukatha can handle the issue, he said it can be handled only by police. Responding to questions on why Anna Hazare failed to make his fast in Mumbai a success and why he failed to push the Lokayuktha bill in the last parliament session, Hegde remarked that the third hunger strike of Anna Hazare could have been avoided.\"Hunger strikes must be the last option. Anna's first two strikes had reasons as the government had rejected the genuine demands put forward by Anna. But the third strike was not propelled by valid reasons,\" he said referring to Anna Hazare's strike in Mumbai in December which was called off after receiving a lukewarm response from the public.However, he clarified that there were no differences among members of team Anna. \"Except for the communists, the other political parties are not serious about passing the Lokpal bill. The BJP too were not enthusiastic about passing the bill,\" he said.He justified the various clauses suggested by team Anna. \"The class four employees too must be included under the Lokpal. This need not create a huge bureaucracy as some allege. If the Lokpal or the Lokayukta are given the powers, they can ask the district magistrate or any other officer to enquire and submit a report,\" he said.Regarding the accusations of the politicians that the anti-corruption team was superseding the Parliament, he said the elected representatives were not doing their duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866554", "title": "Anti-rabies vaccine: Phase-I trials successful", "text": "PUNE: As many as 60 adults in the age group of 18 to 45 years have successfully undergone clinical trial of the new anti-rabies vaccine developed by the Serum Institute of India (SII). Capable to be administered intra-mascular as well as intra-dermal routes, the inactivated vaccine, claimed to be cost-effective, has shown excellent results and found completely safe, the officials said. The KEM hospital was the site for the first phase of the clinical trial.\"The new vaccine has been found effective and safe in the trial. It has shown excellent sero-protection (protection obtained by vaccination) in both the routes of administration - intra-mascular and intra-dermal,\" Prasad Kulkarni, medical director, SII, told TOI on Sunday.\"The inactivated vaccine made from virus grown in African green monkey cell cultures is going to be cost-effective compared to other anti-rabies vaccines in the market,\" said Rajeev Dhere, executive director of SII. The freeze-dried technology used in producing the vaccine does away with the expensive methods and makes treatment cost-effective, he added.The first phase of the clinical trial began in August 2011 and ended in December 2011.\"The date will be submitted to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI). After receiving their permission, the vaccine will enter phase II and III clinical trials in dog bite patients in the age-group of five years and above in Vellore, Beharampur and Thiruvananthapuram. The results of this trial should be available by the end of this year,\" Kulkarni said.Rabies is an acute viral disease of the central nervous system that is transmitted through saliva from the bite of an infected animal.According to the World Health Organisation , majority of the estimated 55,000 deaths caused by rabies each year world-wide occur in the rural areas of Africa and Asia. In India alone, 20,000 deaths (about 2/100,000 population at risk) are estimated to occur annually. Dog bites are the major origin of infection for humans in developing countries.People whose work frequently brings them in contact with animals are considered to be at higher risk than the general population. This group includes those in the fields of veterinary medicine, animal control, wildlife work, and laboratory work involving live rabies virus.As the disease progresses, the patient becomes agitated and combative and may exhibit mental confusion. The affected person usually becomes sensitive to touch, loud noises and lights. The victim becomes extremely thirsty but is unable to drink because swallowing is painful. Some patients begin to dread water. Other severe symptoms during the later stage of the disease are excessive salivation, dehydration, and loss of muscle tone.Death usually occurs three to 20 days after symptoms have developed. Recovery is very rare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11872855", "title": "Indian Railways logs on to Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expanding its online reach, Railways' Delhi division has come up with a dedicated page on social networking site Facebook where passengers can check out availability of berths, train timings and other related information.\"We have opened a page on Facebook to inform passengers about the status of vacant berths as well as the arrival and departure of trains. The page is linked with the National Train Inquiry Service and constantly updated,\" said a senior Delhi division official.Besides the status of berths and train timings, the page will also provide detailed information about arrivals and departures at the exact platform number at New Delhi, Nizamuddin and Old Delhi stations.Aiming at preventing misuse of available seats by \"unscrupulous elements\", Railways has asked other zones to resort to such innovative measures and give adequate publicity regarding the facility of booking vacant accommodation available on trains at current ticket counters.\"Our aim is to create further awareness among passengers about this facility as due to lack of adequate awareness, it is being misused by unscrupulous elements for providing confirmed accommodation to passengers at a premium by using the current counter facility, said the official.Railways has advised passengers travelling on short notice to use the facility of current reservation counters situated at the train originating main stations.\"The vacant reserved seats available on train after preparation of reservation charts can be booked at the current ticket counters of the train originating stations before departure of trains,\" the official said.According to Railway rules, a reserved ticket can be booked across the passenger reservation system counters all over the country as well as through the Internet only upto the time of preparation of reservation charts.After preparation of reservation charts, the berths available, if any, can be booked at the current counter available at major stations.The reservation charts are normally prepared three to four hours before the schedule departure of the train. In case of trains leaving early morning, the charts are prepared on the previous night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "unnao", "code": "11867391", "title": "BJP, Congress not serious about black money: Mayawati", "text": "UNNAO: Accusing Congress and BJP of not being serious in bringing back blackmoney stashed away in foreign banks, BSP supremo Mayawati said that it appeared both parties had deposited black money earned through corrupt means.\"Both BJP and Congress appear non-serious on the issue of bringing back black money stashed in foreign banks. It seems they had deposited their blackmoney earned through corruption in foreign countries,\" she said at an election meeting on Sunday.Appealing the electorate to vote for the BSP, she said those playing with the sentiments of the people should not be allowed to come to power.\"The opposition parties are misleading the people and wrong opinion polls are showed against BSP,\" she claimed cautioning the voters to remain aware of such gimmicks.Attacking Congress, she said that the party which 'ruined' the state in its 40 years rule, should be ashamed of its actions. Claiming that her government had demanded Rs 80,000 crore for the state's development from the Centre, Mayawati said that Rs 36,000 crore was meant to be spent in eastern UP.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866919", "title": "Bharat Bhawan fading from national cultural scene?", "text": "BHOPAL: Now 30, the multi-arts complex Bharat Bhawan has gone adrift. A young rising star which took the 1980's art scene by storm, now struggles for an identity as it is caught in the turbulence over ideological differences and other issues.\"It was a great initiative, a very dynamic institution perhaps, the best after Shanti Niketan. It's sad to see the current state of decline and mediocrity of this place,\" said eminent artist and Padma Bhushan Syed Haider Raza alias SH Raza.An institution credited with redefining tribal and folk art as contemporary, looks ahead much like an aimless young traveller par excellence. Bharat Bhawan trust chairman and classical vocalist Pandit Jasraj had promised a grand 30th anniversary celebration which, from the look of its schedule, is anything but grand.Four out of six major sections of the art complex are headless. Trustees have not met since April 2011.\"The cultural history of India cannot be complete without mentioning the experiment that was Bharat Bhawan. It was defined by innovative work, backstage productions and its cultural activities along with the freedom it gave to its artists,\" recollects Bharat Bhawan's former chief administrative officer Mohan Soni.\"I feel sad about the last 20 years of Bharat Bhawan. Creatively, boldness, imagination and national perspective have been sidelined. Now it is a centre for mediocrity,\" said poet and art critic Ashok Vajpayee, who was once at its helm of affairs during its golden days.However, state administrative service officer Tarun Bhatnagar, who was recently posted as chief administrative officer in Bharat Bhawan is hopeful that changes are round the corner. \"We are trying to rejuvenate the multi-art complex with a series and programmes,\" said Bhatnagar.The 30th anniversary celebration of Bharat Bhawan apparently going unnoticed at the international and national level has irked many. Ashok Vajpayee blames political leadership and bureaucracy for its current state of affairs.The total budget received by the institution in this year is Rs 43 lakhs only, while we need no less than Rs 3 to Rs 4 crore, Bharat Bhawan insiders said. An arts centre designed as a sunken courtyard with terraced gardens boasts of having art collection of the artists like M F Hussain, S H Raza, J Swaminathan and others, worth crores.The cultural facilities such as museum, a gallery, a library, and a studio have played host to world poetry festival in the 80's. Kavi Bharatiya, a publication for Indian language poets which carried translation of their works in Hindi and English is not in print anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865152", "title": "Dismal performance by banks irks SLBC no end", "text": "PATNA: Two lead banks and nine scheduled commercial banks operating in the state have recorded a performance on the implementation of the annual credit plan (ACP) till December last year during the current fiscal that has raised the hackles of the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC), prompting adverse notes against them in the internal note.While the ACP for the disbursement of loans by all operating banks during the current fiscal was fixed overall at Rs 43,200 crore, each of the banks is given a separate loan disbursement target.The internal note circulated at the SLBC meeting held here on Friday has pointed out that the performance of two lead banks -- UCO Bank and Union Bank of India -- was 15.67 percent and 30.10 percent respectively. The note has also pointed out that their performance, in fact, was \"below the state average\" of 31.86 percent.Of the nine scheduled commercial banks operating in the state, the performance of three on the front of implementation of the state's ACP has been called \"dismal\". The banks concerned along with their percentage performance are Andhra Bank (6.42 percent), State Bank of Patiala (3.65 percent), and Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), 5.01 percent. In fact, the note has mentioned that their performances have been such as they require \"attention of the RBI and SLBC.\"The performance of six other scheduled banks, even as they are less than the state average, have not been qualified as \"dismal\", because their performances are in the range of 11 percent to 22 percent.In the circumstances, the note has given a general guideline to all the banks, including the lead banks, that the \"lead bank should prepare the list of non-performing branches every quarter and submit to the finance department (institutional finance) and the SLBC.\" Besides, the lead banks should discuss the matter thoroughly in every block level bankers' committee (BLBC) and District Level Coordination Committee (DLCC).Incidentally, in the last seven fiscals, beginning 2005-06 fiscal, the target fixed for disbursement through loans as part of ACP has increased multi-fold from Rs 7,333.60 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 43,200 crore in the current fiscal. The percentage achievement in loan disbursement in the respective financial years has been 82.57 in 2005-06, 87.37 in 2006-07, 82.16 in 2007-08, 77.45 in 2008-09, 83 in 2009-10, 69.06 in 2010-11, and 51.97 till December last year in the current fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865514", "title": "7 couples to contest civic polls", "text": "NASHIK: Seven couples are contesting from various wards for the February 16 Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections.The elections are being held for 122 seats and 50% seats have been reserved for women this time. Political parties, while nominating many outgoing corporators, have also given tickets to their wives from the women's category in some wards.Shiv Sena's outgoing corporator Sudhakar Badgujar and his wife Harsha are contesting from wards 47 (A) and 47 (B). Sudhakar is contesting from the other backward class (OBC) category, while his wife is contesting from the general category reserved for women.Outgoing corporator Shivaji Chumbale and his wife Kalpana are contesting on Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) tickets from wards 42 (A) and 43 (B). Shivaji is contesting from the OBC category while his wife is from the general category reserved for women.Suman Sonawane, another outgoing corporator, and her husband Vaman are contesting as independents from wards 43 (B) and 44 (B). Suman is contesting from the general category reserved from women, while Vaman is contesting from the general category.Sena's outgoing corporator Chandrakant Khode is contesting from ward 54 (A) reserved for the backward category, while his wife Manisha is contesting from ward 40 (B) reserved for women from the general category.Congress' outgoing corporator Dinkar Patil is contesting from ward 17 (A) reserved for the OBC category, while his wife Lata is contesting from ward 17 (B) reserved for women from the general category.The Sena has fielded Santosh Kahar and his wife Rohini from wards 29 (B) and 29 (A). Santosh is contesting from the general category, while Rohini is from the general category for women.Kavita Kardak, another outgoing corporator who quit the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) ahead of the elections and joined the NCP, is contesting from ward 9 (B), which is reserved for women from the general category, while her husband Bhausaheb is contesting from ward 9 (A), reserved for the scheduled tribe (ST) category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865855", "title": "CBI trains sleuths to recover black money", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will from Monday begin a training exercise for its investigators on ways to recover black money stashed abroad as part of Interpol's global programme on anti-corruption and asset recovery for prosecutors.\"The purpose of this global programme is to enhance the knowledge and skills of investigators and prosecutors in tracking assets of mass corruption, and making effective use of legal assistance in international and transborder investigations,\" CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said.The six-day training programme, which will be inaugurated by MoS for personnel V Narayanasamy, will be the first such international training exercise for cops, investigators and prosecutors of Interpol member countries. The CBI will host 30 police officers from Australia, Afghanistan, China, Hong Kong, Sri Lanka, the UK, Indonesia, Fiji, Malaysia, Nepal, Singapore and the Philippines.The agenda will include talk by senior officers of Interpol and the CBI. \"Representatives of UNODC, senior officers of the Enforcement Directorate, experts from the American Bar Association, chartered accountants and cyber experts will also share their experience and expertise with the participants,\" the agency said.The CBI is investigating a number of corruption cases in which proceeds have allegedly been taken to tax havens and the agency is trying to decipher the money trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865487", "title": "Victims were lured from Hyd's film city", "text": "PANAJI: Hyderabad-based businesswoman T Soni, alias Sunita, 30, who was arrested by the Anjuna police for allegedly running a prostitution racket in the garb of an event management company, used to lure girls working as extras in the film city at Hyderabad.This was revealed to the state-run protective home officials by the five girls and one transgender, who were rescued by the police on February 4 from commercial sexual exploitation. The girls said that they were working as extras in the film city at Hyderabad when Soni, who was also working in the past as an extra, contacted them.\"She offered the girls 3,000 per day as dancers in her event management company, on condition that they would travel out of state with her on assignments. Once outside the state, she would push them into prostitution,\" sources said.All the Hyderabad-based victims were hired by Soni to entertain delegates of an Andhra Pradesh based bio-tech company who were attending a conference at a resort at Anjuna. The company had hired Soni's services for entertaining the delegates, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865488", "title": "What's the good word? You can send an SMS", "text": "NASHIK: A short message service (SMS) dictionary, created by Nashik's Sunil Khandbahale, was recently launched at the Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Sahitya Sammelan in Chandrapur. Sammelan president Vasant Abaji Dahake and secretary Madan Dhankar launched it along with Khandbahale, the founder of khandbahale.com.Khandbahale said that Marathi-SMS-Dictionary was the world's first short messaging service in that language. \"This is the best combination offered for language, literature and technology. One can easily get Marathi alternatives for any English word or vice-versa with an SMS. The service is free keeping in mind social interests, with education as the focal point,\" said Khandbahale.India is second largest country of mobile subscribers and most mobile handsets are non-branded or basic modes, having no multimedia features like Bluetooth connectivity, he said. \"I and my team worked hard for a few years and developed this world-class, super-simple mechanism to find Marathi meanings for English words and vice-versa. This is an SMS-based service and can be enjoyed without registration or installation. You have to simply send an SMS of any English word in a given format (like @MAR HAPPY) to 9243342000. You will get an immediate reply with its Marathi word. You can also try Marathi words, Khandbahale explained.He said that though the service is free, regular SMS charges will be applied by the telephone company operators.Khandbahale said he had been working for a decade to make Indian language dictionaries available on computers, the Internet and mobile phones.He said that his website for Indian language references is accessed from 150 countries and offers free word translations in 10 Indian languages.\"Looking at the increasing mobile users in India, I plan to penetrate rural areas with the SMS service, where it is highly needed. I want to keep the services social for as long as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858504", "title": "Have an exotic Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "If you've ended up with last minute planning for a short break, something special for Valentine's Day - definitely not something that includes traffic jams, over-booked hotels and overrated restaurants, try getting away from Mumbai, suggests Kamlesh Pandya.What would make a Mumbai-based couple opt to go somewhere else this Valentine's Day? \"Its chock-ablock at the 'hot and happening' venues,\" says Rajesh Iyer. He's been trying - unsuccessfully - to get bookings for Valentine's Day event. \"Should've booked earlier,\" mumbles his Valentine.If you are in a similar situation, consider the various options for Mumbai residents planning a last-minute special Valentine's Day event: it translates into traffic jams that seem to never end, party venues that are either booked out or bursting at the seams. Sounds familiar?\"It is an annual hazard in Mumbai's Valentine's Day calendar,\" says suburban resident Vivek Abrol. \"We try to get bookings for the best party, but that doesn't always work out the way we would want it to. Traffic on Mumbai roads is a pain, it ends up being aggravating at times - so, most Mumbai residents decide, 'will celebrate the next Valentine's Day in Goa'. That is one the best options for Mumbai residents who want to celebrate Valentine's Day without the traffic jams: fly to your Valentine's Day getaway.\"From domestic locales to global destinations is a good option for that 'special break', but if you're taking a last minute decision, largely, it makes sense to opt for international destinations where Indian can get visa on arrival. So, places like Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand are safe bets,\" says Heena Akhtar, COO of Travelport India.This year, quite a few of my friends opted for a flight to Hong Kong, given that they wanted a very special Valentine's Day, says Rinku Mala, South Mumbai resident. \"It makes for a delightful change, to celebrate Valentine's Day with someone special, in a totally new setting, and Hong Kong is among the better options for Mumbai residents looking out for a Valentine's Day celebration that's different and unique,\" she adds.This is where the usual travel story for Mumbai gets repeated - are airfares to Kerala and Sri Lanka or Thailand almost on par, and if so, should one look overseas for the ideal Valentine's Day get away?\"Definitely an option worth trying out,\" says Heena J Akhtar. In the build-up to this festive season, she's seen bookings by Mumbai residents targeting Valentine's Day in a foreign locale higher than usual. \"Most Mumbai residents who want to spend time with someone special this Valentine's Day want to try out something new, something different - and this year, destinations within a short flying time have been witnessing higher demand than what usually is during this time of the year,\" she adds.Malaysia is one of the locations where we've seen high demand for the Valentine Week, with the festive environment in Kuala Lumpur as also Genting Highlands being the major attractions. Nearby, Singapore is also a big draw, with special events planned across the Lion City, and for both destinations, we witnessed heavy bookings. Next in line is Dubai, which has its special allure for Mumbai residents, and with the Dubai Shopping Festival, it is a festive destination which comes alive during the Valentine week,\" adds Heena J Akhtar.\"The period just before and during the Valentine Week has seen maximum traffic to South-East Asia destinations like Singapore, Malaysia and Bangkok. Dubai has also shown a significant demand,\" said Neelu Singh, COO, on-line travel agency Ezeego1.com. \"A lot of travellers from Mumbai, especially during the Valentine Week, prefer short haul destinations that are affordable and have good air connectivity and these destinations perfectly fit the bill.\"Not all Mumbai residents want a short-haul trip - according to Karan Anand, head-relationships &amp; supplier management of leading travel agency, Cox &amp; Kings Ltd.: \"Scotland has been a good option for Mumbai residents to head of to for Valentine's Day.\"Another option comes from Lubaina Sheerazi, the India Representative - Ministry of Tourism, Oman, who says, that for a Valentine's Day getaway that is all about 'nature', a quick trip to Oman is unbeatable. Despite all the ingredients of a fast paced metropolitan minus the glass and metal high rises, Muscat in Oman has the perfect setting with its old world charm and sophistication. The weather is perfect this time around and the landscape intoxicating. The waters around Muscat are teeming with Dolphins, so setting sail on a yacht , one would love to unwind, watching the dolphins put up a spectacular show - and have a great Valentine Week!\"Obvious destinations also gathered traffic from Mumbaikars intent on skipping traffic jams and celebrating at a 'calm and cool' destination - like Kathmandu, Nepal. Noel Swain - Executive Vice President - Supplier Relations - Cleartrip.com says \"Kathmandu has gained an immense increase of flight bookings in 2011 - by almost 56 per cent, and a 100 per cent increase in hotel bookings, in comparison to 2010.\"The TravelPort India COO says that for those who planned in advance, Snowclad Europe has witnessed good bookings, but the 'hot favourites' remained Malaysia, Singapore and Dubai. Those who took a very late decision will be bound for Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand. Finally, those who opt to be away from Mumbai but within India, the bookings suggest it is largely Kerala and Himachal. Mumbai residents are gradually warming up to Valentine's Day celebrations and events in exotic destinations,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11872766", "title": "Caring for Children", "text": "KOLKATA: Students of St Xaviers College devoted a weekend for the joy of as many as 800 underprivileged children from the nearby villages. Shishu Mela, an initiative undertaken especially by the Department of Social Service and NSS of the St Xaviers College has now become an annual event since 1995.The members of the Social Service and NSS department are immensely thankful to their department director Cheryl Francis who has been the pioneer of this noble initiative along with all the heads of the departments, vice principals and the principal of the college, Father Felix Raj.Children from villages such as Paikhala, Devipur, Shalpukur, Gurap, Ghostomath, Nurshidar Chowk, Bolrampur participated on this fun Sunday. Children from Non Governmental Organisations such as Snegam, Asha Niketan, Bodhana, IICP and St Xaviers Evening School also were a part of Shishu Mela 2012. Apart from them, there was a group of differently-abled children who spent the day happily.All the 800 children were brought to the premises of the college from their respective villages in buses and were given sumptuous food and beverage throughout the day. Students from as many as 18 departments of the esteemed college volunteered and joined the children in various games and activities.Stalls were put up by the students where these children indulged themselves in fun activities like car race, mini golf, and treasure hunt while tumble tosses remained their favourite.A wholesome lunch was followed by a live band performance where music bonded the children and the college students. The children also got a chance to shake a leg to their favourite Tollywood actor Devs dance numbers. Each participating child was given a jute goodie bag filled with gifts.Father Felix Raj acknowledged the spirit of the students and the members of the faculty for the success of yet another Shishu Mela. He added that the Department of Social Service and NSS also engage in weekly activities where they visit villages and contribute to their well being.Also, the college was proud to have its students from the exchange programme participating whole-heartedly in this event. There are around 15 students from the US who have come down to the college to study for a semester. The principal said that Shishu Mela would definitely be an enriching experience for them.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872728", "title": "Seminar on Vocational Education", "text": "G.R.E.A.T (German Research Centre for Comparative Vocational Education and Training) and Centre for Modern Indian Studies (CMIS-UC) at the University of Cologne have joined hands with Shri Ram Centre for Industrial Relations and Human Resources, New Delhi, to organise a seminar on Increasing the Effectiveness of Vocational Education in India and Germany from February 13-16, at the German House, 2, Nyaya Marg, Chanakyapuri.The seminar is the outcome of the visit of the German delegation to India headed by Chancellor Angela Merkel and the bilateral talks held in New Delhi on May 31, 2011 between Germany's Federal Minister of Education and Research, Annette Schavan and India's Minister for Labour, Mallikarjun Kharge.The seminar is supported by the German Embassy and the German Research Foundation (DFG) under the programme for initiation and intensification of bilateral relations and by Shri Ram Centre.The seminar will bring together the German experts coordinated by Matthias Pilz, director, GREAT and CMIS-UC and Indian experts coordinated by Joginder S Sodhi, director, Shri Ram Centre.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866953", "title": "CPM to bring Left parties on same stage", "text": "BHOPAL: CPM is mulling over to bring on the same stage Left parties in a bid to provide an outlet to the anguish among common people over the policies of central government.\"In order to give direction to the strong unrest prevailing among the people due to UPA-II's policies that have failed to mitigate their problems, the CPM along with other communist parties is trying to float a Manch which will be based on alternate policies,\" former MP Nilotpal Basu told reporters.\"People of the country were facing a lot of problems in their routine lives and the UPA-II is totally failed in framing policies which could have helped in solving them,\" he said. There is a widespread unrest brewing due to high inflation, the policies causing inequalities among people, specially unemployed youth and in the unorganised sector, and a strong urge to fight them.Basu said the CPM has extended its support to the labour unions who have given a call for a nationwide strike on February 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11867153", "title": "VMC set to tax function halls", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Confronted with a severe financial crisis, the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) has decided to collect administrative charges from function halls and marriage halls in the city to garner additional revenues.Sources said VMC was planning on collecting Rs 8 crore annually by way of administrative charges. G Ravi Babu, the VMC commissioner, has asked health department to notify the managements of all function halls and marriage halls about the new administrative charges, which will be based on the fess being collected from renting out these venues. According to the directive, administrative charges would be collected directly from the managements and not from parties hiring these halls.The levy is Rs 3,000 for a single function or programme where the rental is above Rs 50,000. It would be Rs 2,000 for rentals in the range of Rs 20,000-50,000 and Rs 1,000 for rentals between Rs 10,000-20,000.Even small function halls, which cater to the middle class, have not been spared. A charge of Rs 300 would be levied on halls where the rental is in the range of Rs 500-5,000 and Rs 500 is the charge for rentals between Rs 5,000-10,000.However, civic body officials pointed to a deeper purpose behind the new levy. \"The decision has been taken with a view to maintaining the surroundings of function halls as the civic body is being forced to spend more with most organisers not complying with garbage disposal norms,\" chief medical officer Satyanarayana Raju told TOI.There are 2,000 function halls in the city, which see at least a hundred days of business a year. Local sanitary inspectors have been directed to collect separate levies from halls which host multiple functions on a single day.The VMC collects a garbage cess from citizens, which come up to around Rs 8 crore. Despite annually getting nearly Rs 70 crore from property taxes and around Rs 30 crore by way of water cess, VMC finds itself struggling to pay salaries to its staff.CPM secretary Ch Baburao has threatened to launch an agitation if the civic body goes ahead with the tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866294", "title": "Leaders go whole hog in ballot battle", "text": "Political parties went the whole hog to lure voters as it was the last Sunday before voting day for the February 16 elections. Star campaigners for various parties traversed the city to garner support for party candidates.Road-shows were held and politicians addressed public gatherings in the morning and evening. Even as crowd-pullers did the rounds, candidates across party-lines went door-to-door with supporters and party flags, held corner meetings and interacted with voters.In an interview to a television news channel, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray said that he would not rule out accepting estranged nephew Raj Thackeray back but said the latter must take the first step. Thackeray admitted to a split in the Marathi vote-bank on account of Raj's exit.The high-pitch campaign trail also led to another round of mudslinging. State cabinet minister Narayan Rane attacked Thackeray, who had targeted him at a public gathering in Thane on Saturday. Suggesting that the former Shiv Sena politician had amassed disproportionate property assets, Thackeray had said that he was prepared to swap his property with that of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar and Rane. He also used harsh words to describe Rane.Rane chose to retaliate on Sunday when he dared the 86-year-old Thackeray to contest elections. \"If you have guts, step forward and contest an election. Your property assets would automatically be known. Do not throw such challenges (on property) while sitting inside your home,\" he told a public gathering at Jai Maharashtra Nagar in Borivli in support of candidate Siddhant Bhonsale.Claiming that the Shiv Sena reign in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation was responsible for an \"outflux\" of the Marathi population in Mumbai, Rane had harsh words for Thackeray's son Uddhav and grandson Aditya.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan continued to target the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party for malpractices to the tune of \"Rs 1 lakh crore in the BMC in five years\". Chavan started the day with a road-show from Worli Koliwada to Colaba before meeting Muslim scholars at Islam Gymkhana. He then addressed gatherings in Dahisar, Andheri and Dharavi.Uddhav continued to target mismanagement, infighting and corruption in the state government at public gatherings in Prabhadevi (near Siddhivinayak temple), Parel (Lalbaug) and Andheri (Veera Desai road).NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal held rallies in Dahisar and Byculla, while home minister R R Patil held a road-show in Bhandup and addressed public gatherings in Malad and Kurla. The BJP mainly focused on corner meetings, as its leaders also addressed gatherings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867250", "title": "Wedding party burns down hotel", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major incident of fire, three floors of a four-storied hotel, Sitara Grand, in LB Nagar got gutted. The fire also engulfed three two-wheelers which were parked near the hotel.Four hundred guests, who were in the building at the time, had a miraculous escape using the fire exit staircase. However, 10 people are suspected to have been injured in the stampede which resulted when people tried to make a run for it. The incident occurred at around 8.20pm when people attending a wedding reception at the hotel lit firecrackers.Some of the firecrackers hit the flexes erected near the glass facade of the hotel which caught fire with the flames spreading to the fourth floor where 100 people were present. Apart from the wedding reception, an engagement and a birthday party, too, were simultaneously being held at the hotel. The interiors of the hotel in the fourth, third and second floors are completely gutted.Police officials who inspected the site said they suspected no sabotage. Fire engines from Mogulpura, Hayathnagar, Tarnaka, Secunderabad and even a snorkel (for high-rise fires) were rushed to the spot after a call was registered in the fire control room at 8.35pm.The fire was controlled within an hour, officials said. \"Since the place was evacuated immediately no casualties occurred,\" said Amarender Reddy, ACP, LB Nagar, who visited the site of the incident.The vehicles that were burnt belonged to those who had come to attend the wedding, officials said.Some of the firecrackers hit the flexes erected near the glass facade of the hotel which caught fire with the flames spreading to the fourth floor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865793", "title": "Kochi sheds a tear for Houston", "text": "KOCHI: Pop singers these days hardly possess the grace of Whitney Houston who personified the 'pop-diva' concept and was called \"the first black American Sweetheart.\"A trailblazer for many singers in the league of Mary J Blige, Destiny's Child, she was found dead in a hotel room in Los Angels on Saturday. The golden girl who influenced several musicians was only 48.For Stephen Devassy, Avial's Tony John and Ranjani Jose, it was a shock to know that the diva they idolized is no more.\"I grew up listening to her, and she was too young to die. I just don't know what to say. I'm shocked,\" said John, the lead guitarist and vocalist of Avial, a Malayali rock band. Stephen Devassy, the noted pianist, still treasures Whitney's autograph he got during a concert in the US.\"Her ability and talent are unmatched. Maybe God loved her so much that he recalled her. Music has lost an icon, a light has dimmed in our community,\" he said.Playback singer Ranjani Jose remembers how she was in awe of Whitney's stage presence. \"Being a singer in the music industry must have been tough on her. A relationship gone sour, work pressure and any negative vibes were brushed aside when she was on stage and performing. This was the most amazing thing about her,\" the playback singer said.The song 'I will always love you' will continue to inspire me and other female singers to do more and get on with life,\" added Ranjani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866670", "title": "Illegal firearms seized, man held", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested a man from the railway station in the city on Saturday evening for carrying firearms. The GRP police said Sawaria alias Kawarilal Nagar is the resident of Jhalawar in Rajasthan and was stepping down from stairs on railway station, when the police intercepted him.He was allegedly found carrying seven guns, including three pistols, two revolvers and two country made pistols along with 14 rounds of live cartridges. During interrogation, he has reportedly told that he had come to sell arms to a local resident.Police said they were at platform No 4. Two of the accomplices of the accused, Mahaveer and Shivraj, managed to escape from the spot.However, the accused have not informed the police so far the train they took to reach the city. The police said they were being interrogated to find out their local links. The police have registered a case under sections 25 and 27 of Arms Act and sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865171", "title": "Seminar on poet Majaz held", "text": "PATNA: The Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library organized a two-day national seminar on a renowned Urdu poet, Asrarul Haq Majaz, beginning on Saturday, to mark his birth centenary. Delegates from Delhi, Aligarh, Allahabad, Meerut, Ranchi and different parts of the state attended the seminar. The inaugural session was chaired by Justice Shah Nayyar Husain.Welcoming the guests, Library director Imtiaz Ahmad stated that Majaz was a towering name among Urdu poets associated with the progressive writers' movement and was widely known for his commitment to the deprived and exploited classes.Eminent Urdu litterateur and former minister Lutfur Rahman, while inaugurating the seminar, compared Majaz with his contemporaries and averred that Majaz enjoyed a unique position among them and was a source of inspiration for the young and the bold. Ateequallah, in his keynote address, stated that Majaz's life as a poet was brief, but it covered a wide gamut, beginning from romanticism and culminating in progressivism.Ali Ahmad Fatimi of Allahabad University compared Ali Sardar Jafri, Ali Sajjad Zaheer and Majaz and pointed out their distinct and specific contribution to the progressive movement.Aslam Jamshedpuri of Meerut discussed the evolution of Majaz as a poet from his early romantic poetry to a revolutionary one later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866168", "title": "Students sharpen skills in moot courts", "text": "Christ Law College from Bangalore won the national-level moot court competition on 'Corporate Taxation' conducted by Surana and Surana International Attorneys and JSS Law College at JSS Law College premises here on Sunday. In the keenly contested finals between Christ Law College and National Law School of India University (NLSUI) both from Bangalore, Christ College which came out with good performance managed to win the title. With this win, Christ College will take home Rs 25,000 while NLSUI will take home Rs 14,000.The moot courts are ideal grounds for students to sharpen their skill of argument and presentation. What they have learnt in the college is rudimentary. They have to achieve the rest of the skills from experience. In all, 44 teams from law colleges across the country vied for the trophy. The final rounds on Sunday were judged by Justice Shailendra Kumar, high court judge, justice N Anand, high court judge, CA Padamchand Kincha and Praveen Kishore Prasad, director of income tax (International Taxation), Bangalore.Earlier, \"It's great to be in the finals,\" said Ajay Kumar of Christ College, who spoke on behalf of his team. Such competitions or activities will really make us better versed in the subjects. These things can't be learnt in classrooms and be sharpened only through these activities, said Ajay. Other members of Christ College team are Chahat Chawla and researcher Roshil Nichani. The National Law School of India University team consists of Deekshitha, Shreya and Siddarth.The two-day national-level moot court competition on corporate law began at the college's Silver Jubilee Hall on Saturday. This is the second moot court at the venue. Students of various law colleges across the country are participating in the competition. Each team has two mooters and one presenter. Earlier, the competition was inaugurated by Justice B S Raikote, former Andhra Pradesh High Court judge.MORE ABOUT MOOT COURTSA moot court is held twice in a semester. Students serve as both presenters and judges. The competition is conducted at both undergraduate level and in the law school. The case taken up for argument may be real or hypothetical, and the students are given a set period to prepare. Judges are selected for the cases and general rules are framed, some of which are: Petitioners, the side bringing the case, go first. Presenters have a set time period for their argument; Judges may ask questions at any time. After the petitioners, respondents have the same time to present their argument. At the close of the arguments, the judges meet to deliberate and make three decisions: 1) Judgment of the case on merits 2) Best overall team and C) Best individual presenter.NATIONAL SEMINARSBRR Mahajana First Grade College, department of economics will conduct a one-day national seminar on 'India and Millennium Development Goals-An Evaluation' at its premise on February 17.Prof BK Chandrashekar, former minister, chairperson legislative council will inaugurate the seminar while Dr Francis Cherunilam, professor, School of Management Studies, Cochin University, will deliver keynote address. Academicians, teachers, research scholars and students can participate in the seminar. For registration and details, contact GS Ramanujan, Associate Professor and Head of Economics Department or call: 9448525725 or organizing secretary MN Venkatalakshmi: 9448472024. Spot registration is also accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11866868", "title": "Cops seize Rs 1 crore: It\u2019s party fund, says Congress", "text": "AMRAVATI: Police seized Rs 1 crore cash from a vehicle and arrested two persons here in the wee hours of Sunday. The incident became murkier as no one turned up to claim the cash until afternoon when the state Congress committee (MPCC) sent a fax saying the money was part of the party fund which minister of state for finance and energy Rajendra Mulak had sent to the Amravati Congress Committee.Police sources said the vehicle from which the cash was seized had come to Amravati on Saturday and was following chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's convoy.The police arrested driver Prakash Masram, a resident of Byramji Town, and Ashish Bodhankar of Lashkaribagh in Nagpur. Though the seizure sent shock waves, the MPCC fax thecops receivedsaidthat minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak had sent Rs 1crore of party funds so that Rs 1 lakh could be given to each of its candidates.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was in the city to address a public meeting, alleged the money belonged to a minister and had been broughtby hisPAtolure voters. He even claimed that \"the policecommissioner has some idea about the issue but he must be under pressure\".Talking to mediapersons, police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said that prima facie it appeared that the money had been sent for the AMC polls. \"But we got a fax from the MPCC in the afternoon which stated that the money belonged to the party. Since the accused did not give satisfactory answers we have booked them under section 41 (1)D of the CrPC. Under this section we cannot take direct action. We will produce the accused in the court and investigate the matter. We have informed the income tax department and the Election Commission about the matter,\" said Kumar.Interestingly, local MLA Raosaheb Shekhawatwasinitially not aware that the MPCC was sending the money to the local party unit. Shekhawat later told TOI, \"We had urged MPCC to contribute for the AMC polls as many of our candidates are poor and cannot afford to spendon elections.Hence,the party sent Rs 1 crore. Of this, Rs 1 lakh was to be given to each of our 87 candidates. The remaining Rs13lakhwas supposed to be utilized for holding meetings and campaigning. The party has told us to keep an account of the expenditure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866340", "title": "Muslim leaders ask CM tough questions", "text": "MUMBAI: Faced with a barrage of questions from Muslim intellectuals and leaders, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday admitted he had received complaints of \"atrocities\" against Muslims \"by the police\".The chief minister met the representatives as part of an interaction organized by the Congress' minority wing in the run-up to the civic elections. Other Congressmen who attended the interaction included union ministers Milind Deora and Bharatsingh Solanki, All India Congress Committee secretary Siddharth Patel, state minorities affairs minister Arif Naseem Khan and city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh.While Chavan and other Congressmen sought support from the community, its representatives demanded answers to \"pending issues\".Of the many subjects raised by Muslim intellectuals and leaders, the principal complaint was the \"unfair handling (of cases) and alleged atrocities by the home department\".One scholar said that \"innocent youngsters (from the community) continue to be targeted by the police\". They are being \"unfairly picked up in terror-related cases,\" he said. Lawyer Mubin Solkar echoed the grievance.Another scholar, Gulzar Azmi, objected to the police manual proscribing a cop from sporting a beard at work. He cited cases in Nashik and Amravati where Muslim policemen were inconvenienced by the norm.While claiming that the state government had taken up some major decisions for the community's welfare, minorities affairs minister Arif Naseem Khan pointed out \"constraints on account of coalition politics\". The home portfolio is controlled by Congress ally Nationalist Congress Party.Chavan chose not to blame the \"coalition\" but he did admit to receiving complaints regarding \"atrocities\" on Muslims by the police. The chief minister urged the community to vote in numbers to defeat \"communal forces\". He agreed to another round of meeting with community leaders to look into various issues.Other issues raised at the meeting were related to the allotment of land to minority educational institutions, appointment of Aukaf board chairperson and time-bound implementation of various developmental issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867643", "title": "Unions call for govt subsidy to paint taxis", "text": "KOLKATA: The cost of a cool blue look could be more than what Kolkata taxi owners have bargained for. A day after transport minister Madan Mitra announced a plan to discard the yellow shade in favour of a blue hue for taxis, uncertainty remains over who's going to fund the makeover. As opinions differed on whether the new shade - chosen in consistence with the city's new colour scheme -is advisable, plans were being drawn up to lessen the cost burden which could be at least Rs 6,000 for each vehicle.While some taxi unions prefer a subsidy from the government, others have called for permission to raise the money from sponsorships. Yet others believe the colour change was unnecessary at a time when taxis were running at a loss after successive petroleum price hikes. The Trinamool-affiliated Progressive Taximen's Union - the largest of the three major unions in the city - admitted that the cost was a source of worry. Even though it was in favour of arriving at a decision \"through discussions\", joint secretary Ranjit De said the association expected a subsidy. \"It would be easier if the government chips in with support. Alternatively, it could allow us to raise the money from private companies by letting us rent out advertising space on taxis. The transport ministry, we believe, is mulling both options and we hope it will come up with an acceptable plan,\" said De.The Bengal Taxi Association, however, was livid with the plan. According to secretary Bimal Guha, the move was \"ill-timed and unnecessary\". \"Most taxi operators are finding it difficult to meet running costs after fare hike proposal was turned down. Now, we are being asked to repaint taxis, which is unfair. It will be an unnecessary burden on us. At least, the government should allow a fare hike,\" said Guha. The cost of a blue paint could come to around Rs 7000 for each taxi, he said.\"The cost of colouring the vehicles is steep considering that taxis barely make a profit. We have nothing against switching colours if the government bears the cost or allows sponsorship,\" Guha added.n the Nineties, taxis had been given permission to use advertising boards. It was withdrawn after a couple of years. \"The system could be revived since we are now looking at a new colour scheme for the city. It would indeed look nice if taxis are coloured blue and white in consistence with buses,\" said De.The Bengal Taxi Association has also objected to the move to make it compulsory for all taxis to have a printer attached to the electronic metre. \"As I have already said, taxi owners are not in a position to bear additional costs. It is ridiculous to expect taxis to dress up when they are finding it tough to survive. We shall resist the changes unless the expenses are taken care of,\" said Guha. He also pointed out that the colour change would perhaps require an alteration the Regional Transport Authority rules. \"It's uniform all over the country. Can we change it without a legal endorsement?\" asked Guha.Unions are planning to voice their reservations and suggestions at a meeting to be convened by Madan Mitra on February 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11865812", "title": "Khalsa girls taekwondo champs", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The taekwondo team of Khalsa College for Women , Civil Lines, has just returned after a splendid show in an inter-college championship held at Panjab University, Chandigarh, on Saturday.This was the first time that Khalsa college girls had participated in the taekwondo competition and they made their institute proud with their maiden win. Eleven teams from different colleges had participated in the competition and the Ludhiana girls were clearly underdogs. However, their determination proved to be their most potent weapon as they returned with two golds, three silver and three bronze medals.The team comprises Rekha Rani (52kg category), Dimple Bagga (42kg category), Sonia (47kg category), Monika Rani (42kg category), Sarbjeet Kaur (55kg category), Salma (59kg category), Azadbir Kaur (62kg category), Simranjeet Kaur (69kg category) and Harpreet Kaur (75kg category).A member of Khasla College for Women's winning taekwondo team, Dimple, said they were quite confident when they left for the competition but nobody anticipated the overall trophy.She said they had practised very hard in the college and their first goal was to win the inter-college competition. \"I have won individual medals earlier and so my morale was high,\" she said.Another member, Azadbir, said clinching the gold medal was the most memorable moment for her. \"I will work doubly hard for the inter-university competition now,\" she smiled.Five players have been selected for the university taekwondo camp at Chandigarh, where the final team for inter-university competition would be chosen.Salma said she made her place in the university camp and hoped to be selected for the final university team.Happy with the team's outing, coach Narinder Sharma said his trainees performed well and they make him proud in their first university contest. \"Many of these players have the potential to perform much better if they train well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867525", "title": "Country not an e-waste dump yard: Centre to HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre has informed the Madras high court that it would not allow the country to become a dumping yard for electronic waste.In a counter-affidavit, filed in response to a batch of writ petitions from importers of second-hand digital multifunction copying machines, the Union ministry of environment and forests said: \"The ministry is concerned that our country is becoming a dumping yard by the importers.\"During the past two years more than 600 writ petitions relating to the import of electronic goods under a the head 'used digital multifunction printing and copying machines' were filed in the high court. However, a single judge of the court, pointing out that the Centre was not being arraigned as a party and that the matters were being decided without the Centre's input, ordered that the environment ministry too be impleaded as a party to the proceedings.When the latest matter involving a batch of writ petitions came up for hearing before Justice M Jaichandren last week, additional solicitor general of south India M Ravindran submitted the Hazardous Wastes Rules 2008 (see graphic). The judge has since reserved the orders on the matter, which pertains to several tons of such electronic items, which the importers call used machines requiring no prior permission, but the authorities maintain is hazardous waste requiring permission to be shifted out of the port premises.One of the importers in his petition in HC said that used digital multi-function print and copying machines are not expressly restricted item. He said that the authorities had erred in comparing these items with photocopier machines and invoking restriction clauses.Describing the Centre's stand as 'unreasonable', an importer said re-usable second-hand machines in working condition are non-waste items. He said that the Chennai customs alone had cleared more than 800 consignments of second-hand digital multi-function print and copying machines since 2009, and that there is no justification to deprive the business now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865524", "title": "Liquor auctioned by excise department fetches decent sale", "text": "PANAJI: With the election code of conduct coming into force from December 24, 2011, the state excise department has been busy in the past month and a half seizing illegally stored and illegally sold liquor.Usually, after receiving tip-offs or on suspicion of illicit sale or possession, either the Returning Officers, the police officials or excise officials swoop down on the suspected location.Sources say after the liquor, in the form of beer, Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL), country liquor (cashew feni) and foreign liquor is seized and the cases are booked, the liquor is then handed over to the excise department.Excise stations have storage rooms that can accommodate small quantities of seized liquor. But most of the liquor is shifted to the excise department storage facility at Dodamarg.Show cause notices are issued to those against whom cases are booked, and if the persons produce valid documents, the liquor seized from them is then released.A proper inventory is then done on the rest of the liquor, and an auction of the liquor is notified by the department. The department also sends samples of the liquor to the FDA to check if the liquor has undergone any changes, such as sedimentation (beer is particularly prone to this) while it in storage.Excise sources say, many liquor dealers come for the auction as the prices of the liquor there are comparatively low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869455", "title": "Govinda undergoes hair transplant", "text": "Govinda, who had been an absentee on the silver screen for a while now, had been hibernating in real life as well. The actor has hardly been spotted leaving his Juhu residence for the past one month. And that's because he did not want his fresh mop of hair damaged. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the former 'No 1' actor of Bollywood has undergone a hair transplant four weeks back.Ask him why he went for a transplant and Govinda shrugs, \"Arrey, isn't hair important? Which man would say he is okay with lesser hair on his head?\"In fact, the actor had been planning the transplant for the last four-and-half years. And when it actually happened, it took almost 10-hours to get done.The original plan was to approach the doctor in Dubai who performed the hair transplant procedure on his friend Salman. Those were the days when the two actors starred in David Dhawan's Partner.\"However, I didn't consult him. The doctor who attended to me flew down from Athens (Greece). But please don't ask me his name and the hospital's name. That's against medical rules,\" insisted Govinda.While the actor has acquired a new mop of hair, he has lost some extra weight as well. \"Well, I am coming back with Pahlaj Nihalani's film Avtaar. Toh naya avtaar banta hai na?\" he laughed.\"On a more serious note, let me tell you how I shed so much weight. It has taken me three-and-half months. And trust me, it has not been easy,\" added Govinda.Detailing his weight-loss regime, Govinda said, \"No sugar. No oil. No non-vegetarian food. And when I say 'No', it means 'Absolutely No'. One hour of yoga under the guidance of my teacher Ushaji who comes home. And then an hour of running on Juhu beach every single day, either from 5-6 am or 6-7 am. Day begins early but it's good in a way. I am feeling much more active as well.\"And his hard work has paid off. \"Sunita (wife), Narmada (daughter) and Yash (son) haven't stopped complimenting me,\" he gushed.Even his director Nihalani is happy with the makeover. \"I can't talk about the storyline of the film. But the manner in which Govinda has become thin is commendable. He is coming back with a bang. Underline this,\" said Nihalani who had incidentally introduced him in Bollywood with Ilzaam 25 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867584", "title": "Reuse, recycle is house wisdom", "text": "Whenever U V K Rao buys a new shirt, he makes sure that he returns the plastic carry bag to the shop. \"The idea is to cut out plastic at the source and not bring home anything that cannot be recycled ,\" says Rao who owns Viswa Syamalam, a two-storey bungalow in Madipakkam. It is one of only two independent houses in the country that have been awarded a green certification.\"It is not just about the building, green living is about looking at resources critically and making responsible choices,\" he says.The energy auditor built the LEED platinum-rated house in 2009, using only natural, renewable and locally available resources. \"All materials used in the construction of the house have been procured in Chennai; nothing has been sourced from outside,\" says Rao. Only scrap wood was used in the construction of the house.Rao says his priority was to reduce, reuse and recycle. \"Even the furniture in the house has been remodelled using scrap wood that I bought from shops on Velachery Bypass Road,\" he says.The bungalow also has a rainwater harvesting tank that stores around 50,000 litres of water and doesn't depend on a municipal connection for water supply. Rao says the house is self-sustainable and designed to make maximum use of natural light. There is no need for artificial lighting during the day.Rao has also installed a solar panel that he uses to charge mobile phones and laptops. \"After sundown we use only LED lights, which consume less energy and last five times longer than normal incandescent bulbs,\" says Rao.He says a green house requires a larger investment initially, but is much cheaper to operate in the long run. \"Although I spent a lot on LED lighting, my monthly electricity bill now is only around 60 to 70 a month,\" he says. \"Instead of buying a geyser for each bathroom, I spent the same amount on a solar water heater that provides hot water free of cost,\" he adds.Rao says green living only requires innovation to come up with solutions that make better use of resources. \"Collecting and reusing water that condenses from air conditioning or composting kitchen waste to make manure are simple ways to start,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865604", "title": "Fatorda's Vijai livid, Canacona's Vijay unpertubed", "text": "MARGAO: Humiliated by his party by denying a ticket to contest from Fatorda, a visibly hurt Congress general secretary Vijai Sardesai has vowed to avenge his insult by contesting as an independent while also damaging the prospects of the Congress party in several other constituencies.\"By denying me a ticket, the Congress has only exposed its moral contamination,\" Sardesai told reporters. Replying to a query, Sardesai said as there was no sufficient time to field his candidates in other constituencies against the Congress, he would nevertheless, work against the party.In a loaded statement, Sardesai said he would work to bring to power \"a good government\" and a \"good chief minister who has the interests of Goans at heart and one who would protect Goenkarponn.\" Asked whether he was favouring a non-Congress government to take the reins of the state, Sardesai offered no comments.Significantly, Sardesai announced his plans of contesting as an independent, in a largely attended public meeting near his house at Fatorda, on Sunday evening.Addressing the gathering, an emotionally charged Sardesai said that during his long association with the Congress party, he never used his position to further the interests of himself or his family, but rather spent his own money to work for the welfare of the poor people from Fatorda. \"I worked towards protecting the government by helping maintain the numbers whenever it was in crisis,\" Sardesai said even as he reiterated his stand against the \"family raj\" of the Congress.\"The state is being looted in the name of Congress party...The people want a change, but the leaders do not want it to happen because they want to carry on with the loot, and that's probably why I was denied a ticket,\" Sardesai said. He however spared the chief minister of any criticism. \"The chief minister did a good thing by scrapping the SEZs despite pressure from the top,\" Sardesai said, but blamed Digambar Kamat for failing to keep the high command informed of the pitfalls of taking wrong decisions (with regards to allocation of tickets). Others who spoke included ex-Mahila Congress chief, Monica Dias, Fatorda Congress block president Joseph Silva, Camilo Barreto, Prashant Naik and others.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867433", "title": "Japan to open purse for TNEB", "text": "CHENNAI: The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has shown willingness to fund the transmission infrastructure work of the cash-strapped Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB). The power utility is planning to seek help for their generation projects too.The agency has assured to provide 3,500 crore. The state and the board have agreed to get the funding but are waiting for an approval from the economic affairs department. \"We need the Centre's nod for getting funds from foreign agencies,\" said a TNEB official.Officials feel long-term loans from international agencies is more feasible than short-term ones by local financial institutions. TNEB has projects lined up to increase power generation by an additional 23,000MW but there aren't enough sub-stations or infrastructure to distribute the generated electricity.There are 1,350 sub-stations now in the state. \"In the next five years we will need nearly 3,000 sub-stations. It takes a lot of money to construct a sub-station. So we need some funding,\" said the official.The TNEB is also planning to ask the agency to fund their power generation projects too. \"Ten days ago, a Japanese technical team visited some thermal power plants, including north Chennai plant. They will have to submit a report to the agency and only then can we ask for financial help,\" said the official.The power utility is forced to seek external assistance as its finances are in the red. With accumulated losses over 38,000 crore and an outstanding debt of over 40,300 crore, the TNEB is seeking loans from banks and raising 6,000 crore through bonds.The decision comes after the state government signed a memorandum of understanding with Japan to attract investment. CM J Jayalalithaa invited investments in manufacturing, water treatment, renewable energy and minor ports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871045", "title": "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo's opening credits shocks", "text": "It was the most eagerly anticipated release of 2012 that fans in India got robbed of. David Fincher's adaptation of Stieg Larsson's bestselling The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo might not have made it to theaters in the subcontinent owing to its explicit love scenes and violent depictions of rape and torture.But hardcore fans of the film had already gotten themselves a copy of the film on the Internet. And the biggest buzz surrounding the film at this point of time is its opening title sequence which looks like a cross between a James Bond opening montage and a music video of mosh metal band tool. The opening credits sequence, set to a revisiting of Immigrant Songby Karen O and Trent Reznor , which lasts for roughly four minutes is a phantasmagoria laden trip that gives a hint of all the themes explored in the film. A throwback to the days of Fight Club, also directed by Fincher based on the book by Chuck Palahniuk , which featured a vertigo-inducing journey into the neural networks inside a human brain, the Tattoo credits have already made their way into the league of cult openings. The video has aroused the interest of fans the world over who are now debating on the things being alluded to in the credits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871337", "title": "Woody Harrelson's religious role", "text": "Woody Harrelson wanted to become a religious minister.The 'Rampart' actor once enrolled in a Presbyterian college in Indiana when he was younger, but as he grew older he began to question the logic of the bible and eventually turned his bag on the career path.He said: \"I was thinking about becoming a minister right up through college. I gave sermons when I was in high school and had Bible study in my house.\"Well I think what happened was that one of my theology teachers taught us how the Bible was constructed and that the Bible was not this man-mad thing. He was a great theology teacher, a real staple of the college, but it started to unravel my perception of the Bible.\"I was like, 'Hey, there were a lot of changes made!' \"Now a successful Hollywood star in films including 'White Men Can't Jump' and 'Kingpin', he admits he has few regrets other than the fact he would like to have starred in more children's films.He added to Culture magazine: \"I would have loved to have been in kids' films. I wish I had been offered a part in 'The Lion King' or any of those great movies. But I wasn't. I would certainly have done so had I been asked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865790", "title": "7 held for betting on cricket in Bodakdev", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city police raided a residence in Bodakdev on Sunday and nabbed seven persons for betting on India-Australia One-Day cricket match.Investigators got a tip-off that a group had rented a bungalow at Ruchir Bungalows in Bodakdev on Rs 40,000 per month for betting.The team raided the spot and arrested Veerbhadra Chauhan, Rajdeep Chauhan, Kishor Vaghela, all residents of Gandhinagar, Shailesh Khamar, a resident of Naroda along with Alpesh Parmar, Sanjay Lathigara, both residents of Rajkot and Ravi Thakkar, a resident of Gandhinagar.Seventeen mobile phones, a laptop and a TV set besides Rs 91,000 cash were seized from the spot.\"The first four were bookies, while the remaining three were punters. They were in the city for the past 45 days,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "subject", "code": "11865335", "title": "Bank made to pay for missing cargo", "text": "Subject: Bank liable for negotiating documents and collecting payment.Backdrop: Buyers and sellers normally use banks for secure transactions. When a lorry receipt or a bill of lading is routed through a bank, it is released to the buyer only on receipt of payment. The buyer is thus secured that the goods have been dispatched while the seller is assured that his money will be collected. If the bank does not discharge its duty properly, it could jeopardize the interest of both the transacting parties.Here is a case where the affected party successfully claimed the loss from the State Bank of India (SBI).Case Study: Deepam Sizing Mills (the consignor) had sent a consignment of goods worth around Rs 1.5 lakh to Shankar Handloom House (the consignee). These were sent through Rajendra Roadlines. For realizing the sales proceeds, the consignor entrusted documents such as the bill and the lorry receipt to SBI's Tirupur branch to be forwarded to the bank's Dehri branch for collection of the amount.On inquiry, the bank's Tirupur branch claimed that the documents had been sent by registered post to the Dehri branch which had not informed about the collection of the amount. Since the amount had not been realized, the consignor asked the bank to return the documents.The bank refused to either return the documents or credit the proceeds to the consignor's account. Even the transporter did not return the goods.Deepam filed a consumer complaint against the bank as well as the roadlines. In its reply, the bank said the registered letter containing the documents sent from Tirupur had not been received by its Dehri branch. The bank had lodged a complaint with the post office regarding the non-delivery of the letter. But the post office replied that the letter had been properly delivered.The Dehri branch then claimed that the postal cover had been received without the documents. The bank claimed that some miscreants having a nexus with the postal employees must have manipulated the said envelope for which the bank could not be held liable.The district consumer disputes redressal forum held the bank as well as the transporter jointly liable for the loss caused, and directed the payment of the value of the goods along with compensation and costs.The bank challenged this order before the Tamil Nadu state consumer disputes redressal commission which confirmed the district forum's order, but set aside the compensation.Ultimately, the matter reached the national consumer disputes redressal commission in a revision petition filed by the bank.Concurring with the observations of the district forum, the national commission noted that initially the bank had claimed that the letter had not reached its Dehri branch, but later, when confronted with the postal authorities' reply, changed its stand that the letter had reached without the documents. If the bank wants to contend that the postal authorities manipulated and removed the documents for wrongful gains, it had a duty to initiate civil as well as criminal proceedings against the postal department, which was not done, the commission observed.Since the bank charges commission for the collection service, it was held liable. The bank's argument that the post office was a necessary party was overruled since the consignor had not availed of the postal department's services.Accordingly, the commission held that the bank as well as the transporter were jointly liable for the negligence of delivering the goods in the absence of the original documents. The bank's petition was thus dismissed with costs of Rs 10,000 payable by the bank to the consumer legal aid fund.Impact: It is observed time and again that organizations want to cover up the lapses of their own officials, rather than act in a fair manner. Instead of litigating and wasting money on frivolous appeals, which also increase the work load and backlogs in courts, an attempt must be made to understand the issue and settle cases rather than contest them needlessly.(The author is a consumer activist and has won the Govt. of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His email is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865468", "title": "Patel families welcome tribal bahus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Seventy nine couples tied the knot in a rather unique mass marriage ceremony organized by Nana Baar Gaam Kadva Patidar Samaj at Thaltej on Sunday. What was special about the ceremony was that at least seven brides were tribal girls who were being accepted in the Patidar fold with blessings of parents of both brides and grooms.Sangeeta Babubhai from Bharuch was the bride of Gajendra Patel, a boy from Kalol. The marriage between the two families, one in north Gujarat and other in tribal belt of south Gujarat was solemnized due to the trend of 'Tribal Bahutu' in the Patel family.\"My maternal uncle's sister is married in the Patel family. They have good land holding, treat our daughters well and are generally free from vices like drinking. It is a good match,\" Dinesh, Sangeeta's brother told TOI.Kadi-based Kalpesh Patel was another Patidar youth who tied the knot with tribal girl Reena from Vadali. The couple's marriage was arranged by relatives who were happy with the Patidar-tribal alliances which happened in the family earlier.Such marriage was considered blasphemy about a decade ago. However, the skewed sex ratio in the state, which has primarily affected the Patels among other communities, has forced them to accept tribal girls in their fold. Gujarat has a sex ratio of 886 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group. However, with cases of swindlers duping boys desperate for marriage with fake brides who run away after marriage with cash and jewellery, elders in the community have themselves decided to arrange marriages by meeting families from the tribal belt.President of the Samaj, Ranchodlal Patel, said that the ratio of girls is skewed in the community because earlier the infanticide was common among many families. Later, sonography machines helped people to selectively abort girl child.\"We are aware now as a number of boys in our community are not able to find brides. The common ground between tribal girls and Patel boys is that both are exposed to agriculture as a profession and also rear animals. We have three to four per cent daughter in laws from the tribal belt,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867295", "title": "Water Board to distribute rare medicinal saplings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens can now get saplings of some rare medicinal plants from the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;). Of course, they have to pay a nominal fee, Re one for each sapling.The National Medicinal Plants Board (NMPB), as part of its Rare, Endangered and Threatened (RET) species mission, gave the responsibility of plantation of medicinal plants to the Andhra Pradesh Medicinal &amp; Aromatic Plants Board (APMAPB). In turn, the Medicinal Board has tied up with the Water Board to take up plantation of 10 RET species on a massive scale.\"The Water Board has raised around 10 lakh saplings of 10 species__Ocimum sanctum (Tulasi in Telugu), Coleus ambonicus (Vaamu), Andragraphis paniculata (Nelavemu), Centella asiatica (Saraswati), Bacopa munnerii (Brahmi), Ocimum tenufolium (Sabja), Adatoda vasica (Addasaramu), Gymnema sylvestre (Podapatri), Tinospora cordifolia (Amrutavalli) and Aloe vera (Kalabanda)__ on around 250 acres of land at Singaapur, Kodandapur, Peddapur and Himayathsagar reservoirs and pumping stations,\" HMWS&SB; plantation cell division (PCD) in-charge-cum-deputy conservator of forests D B Sankar Rao told TOI.\"With people turning to nature for common ailments, they can develop their own home herbal garden. For instance, Ocimum sanctum and Coleus ambonicus is commonly used for common cold , Andragraphis paniculata in diabetes and fever, Centella asiatica and Bacopa munneri for improvement of memory, Ocimum tenufolium for cough and cold, Gymnema sylvestre for diabetes, Tinospora cordifolia for rejuvenation and Aloe vera as moisturiser,\" the official added.Residential colonies can approach the Water Board's general managers and seek the saplings. \"So far, we have sold over two lakh saplings and another eight lakhs are readily available with the Water Board,\" the DyCF said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866886", "title": "Short cuts", "text": "Smallest nanolaser builtScientists claim to have for the first time built the smallest room-temperature nanolaser to date and a 'no-waste' laser, which require very low power for operation. A team at the University of California says that the second one is a highly efficient 'thresholdless' laser that funnels all its photons into lasing, without any waste, Nature journal reported.Facebook can 'unfriend' CEO Zuckerberg at willFacebook can terminate services of its chief Mark Zuckerberg at any time for any reason, or even without a reason, but the social networking giant's founder and CEO also enjoys similar exit rights. As per Facebook's employment agreement with Zuckerberg, his tenure at the social networking giant would be on an 'at will' basis, meaning his job can be terminated 'at any time for any reason or no reason' , either by him or by the company. The company has disclosed Zuckerberg's employment agreement, revised late last month, as part of an amended registration document for its upcoming IPO filed with US Securities and Exchange Commission .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866614", "title": "State's emergency medical service plan still on paper", "text": "PUNE: The state government's emergency medical system plan is yet to find a competent bidder to set up 24X7 life-support ambulance services for comprehensive trauma care to tackle terror attacks, natural calamities and accidents.Envisaged after the Mumbai serial blasts in 2006 and cleared by the state cabinet on October 15, 2008, the proposal to set up Maharashtra Emergency Medical Services (MEMS) has only gathered dust. The German Bakery blast on Febraury 13, 2010 in Pune that killed 17 and injured 65 also brought to fore the absence of a well-cordinated network of life-support ambulances.MEMS will have a 24X7 call centre and a fleet of 937 life support ambulances to cater to the emergency medical needs of the rural and urban population. The system will have 374 ambulances in the first phase, 373 in the second phase and 190 in the third phase.\"We need at least three technically competent companies fulfilling all norms to select one for implementing the project. Our first tender notification received a poor response and hence we gave the first extension in October last year. Now, we have four responses and of them, three are technically competent. Their scrutiny is on. We will grant the bid to one of them after the election code of conduct is over,\" G S Chinde, director of state health department told TOI.The MEMS will set up an emergency helpline to provide comprehensive trauma care services to victims of terror attack, natural calamities, accidents, etc, across the state.\"It will be a public-private partnership project. The state government has appointed experts from the All India Institute of Medical Science as our consultants for shortlisting the bidder and helping us in sorting out technical issues in setting up the system,\" said another official from the health department.The helpline number will be integrated by setting up a 24x7 call centre. Once it receive a call, the call centre would locate an ambulance, fire vehicle or police vehicle, depending on the type of emergency, through geographical positioning system, automatic vehicle locating technology and geospatial information system and send it for help.The helpline will be a toll free number accessible from landline or mobile. Emergency help will reach in an average 18 minutes. Technology will play a pivotal role as it is going to be a centralised, responsive emergency management system.\"The state government is thinking of using the '108' emergency helpline number being used in Goa, Gujarat , Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Haryana,\" the official said. The project would be executed phase-wise. Initially, only the highways will be covered. The service will be extended to districts in the next phase and then talukas will be covered.The chances of survival are very high if the patient receives proper treatment in the first sixty minutes - the golden hour, said a critical care expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871497", "title": "Valentine's Day: Manoj Bajpayee to celebrate with his daughter", "text": "Manoj Bajpayee is looking forward to celebrate Valentine's Day with his daughter Ava Nayla, who turns one on February 23. \"She is my true Valentine.She is so pretty and keeps us busy. I love holding her and spending time with her. She expresses herself very well, especially when she's angry.\"Commenting on the unique name, Manoj says, \"My wife Shabana wanted our baby to have a middle name, so we finalised on two. Ava means a 'bird' in Persian, and 'water' in Sanskrit, and Nayla means 'a good beginning'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871188", "title": "Mallika Sherawat becomes Vivek Oberoi\u2019s prank victim", "text": "Mallika Sherawat has become Vivek Oberoi's prank victim. A source says, \"On the sets of Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli (KLPD) there was a peepal tree.VO told his makeup man who was sitting under the tree that he would attract spirits specially as the sequence was being shot late at night. But it got scarier when Vivek spotted a nail on the tree and asked his makeup man to make an Om on his back to ward off spirits. All this was done in front of Mallika, who panicked.A frightened Ms Sherawat requested director Sanjay Khanduri to change the location. That's when the director asked VO to reveal the truth. She took it all sportingly but has promised to get back at Vivek.\" Bachke rehna, VO!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11864994", "title": "Worker killed in Parel cave-in", "text": "MUMBAI: A worker was killed and three others were injured at a building construction site in Parel village on Sunday. The Rafi Ahmed Kidwai police are investigating a landslide at the site at Parmanand Wadi. Mohammad Mustaq Shaikh (25), was removing debris from a trench along with the injured when the sides caved in. The fire brigade shifted the four to hospital, where Shaikh was declared brought dead. The cops are probing if there was negligence by the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865403", "title": "Car rally held from Patna to Maner", "text": "PATNA: DM Sanjay Kumar Singh flagged off a family car rally from Patna to Maner at a petrol outlet here on Sunday. The event was organized by the Lions Club of Patna Favourite. City SP, Patna, Kim was the guest of honour.Club president Sumita Sahi said the club organizes such events to raise funds for their social service projects. She said the objective behind holding the family car rally was to inculcate good driving habits among people.Sahi said over 45 teams, comprising all-woman's team, couple's team and general category participants took part in the event. The awards would be given on February 14, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11867172", "title": "More domestic flights from Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two more flights would be available for air passengers from next month as Indigo Airlines is planning to commence its operations from the port city. Indigo will launch Chennai-Vizag-Bhubaneswar-Kolkata flight on March 7. The flight would land at Vizag at 8.35 am and the return service from Bhubaneswar would land at 2.40 pm before flying off to Chennai. Another flight on Delhi-Hyderabad-Vizag-Hyderabad-Delhi sector is set to operate from March 7. With this, the flight services from Visakhapatnam airport will reach 40 a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870741", "title": "DVS wrestles with new crisis as bsy opposes choice", "text": "BANGALORE: Caste factor and a determination among a few BJP leaders to show former CM BS Yeddyurappa his place, are said to have played a major role in the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as the Upa Lokayukta.Home and transport minister R Ashoka reportedly pushed for Justice Chandrashekaraiah's case to its logical end. But the handling of the issue has ruffled many feathers in the ruling BJP, so much so that CM DV Sadananda Gowda appears to be facing the first-ever crisis of his own making, after assuming power.Accused for failing to hold \"effective consultations\" on the issue within the party, Gowda has reportedly apologized to his colleagues in the party. Yeddyurappa reportedly expressed displeasure over the appointment at a recent party meeting.Eshwarappa is said to have been more blunt, and told Gowda that the unilateral appointment made it look like the CM was out to please JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda, to garner his support in case of any emergency. The state BJP chief, however, officially maintained that it was a government matter and the party had no role to play.According to sources, the CM did bring to the notice of the party that Justice Chandrashekaraiah's name was before him for the post of Upa Lokayukta, but he had not taken any decision on it. Apparently, the consultation ended there and the recommendation was forwarded for the governor's approval.The matter also reached BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, who directed the state unit leadership not to take any major decision, keeping Yeddyurappa in the dark.A senior minister, however, defended Gowda's decision. He pointed out that Yeddyurappa, too, had unilaterally chosen Justice Shivaraj Patil as Lokayukta, and Justices S B Majage and R Gururajan as Upa Lokayuktas. \"Chandrashekaraiah's name had figured earlier, but Yeddyurappa chose Gururajan instead. All this hullabaloo in the party is because Justice Chandrashekaraiah is a Vokkaliga,\" he said.The BJP has also questioned governor Bhardwaj's actions, alleging that he kept Justice SR Bannurmath's appointment pending for over 100 days before rejecting it, while Chandrashekaraiah's name was okayed within minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867271", "title": "Talks fail, junior docs to continue with strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is no end in sight to the junior doctors' strike after the state government rejected the possibility that the mandatory three-year rural service rule for medicos can be amended as talks between the agitating doctors and the cabinet subcommittee failed on Sunday.The state government renewed its appeal for the strike to be called off but junior doctors have said they will continue with their agitation.Speaking to the media after a two-hour meeting of the cabinet subcommittee with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy at the latter's camp office, medical education minister Kondru Murali Mohan said that the government had already agreed to 11 of the 13 demands put forth by the junior doctors.\"The government has conceded to a majority of their demands. They must call off their strike in the larger interests of the public and immediately resume duties,\" he said.The chief minister said that although the agitating junior doctors had his sympathy, the medical administration department had been directed to implement rules strictly in order to ensure better medical services for the poor. He asked officials to make alternative arrangements for emergency services and advised them to refrain from showing any rancour towards the medicos.Health officials informed Reddy that the abolition of rural services was not possible under Medical Council of India (MCI) rules. As regards the demand for the enhancement of the stipend amount, officials informed that the government was paying more than some of the neighbouring states.The chief minister was informed that 548 service doctors and specialists were working at Osmania General Hospital (OGH) and only 25 junior doctors per shift would assist them in extending medical care to patients.The medicos have decided to conduct a public meeting at the Indian Medical Association (IMA) building on Monday to garner support from other students' associations and civil society bodies. \"There is no political force behind us. We need some small clarifications on the three-year rural service rule. We do not want to stretch this strike. We are honestly working for the improvement of government hospitals,\" they said.The junior doctors cautioned the government against harming the careesr of house surgeons who are on strike. They alleged that colleges have decided to refrain from issuing bona fide certificates essential for striking house surgeons who intend to write their PG entrance tests. \"We have decided to continue with the strike as our key demands, including reduction of the duration of compulsory rural service from three years to two, has not been taken into consideration. Our demands that the stipend be hiked and infrastructure in medical colleges be improved, too, have been ignored,\" said Naresh Kumar, a striking junior doctor.Earlier, Gulzar visited Gandhi Hospital to study the impact of the strike on medical services. He said 32 doctors working under the District Coordinator of Hospital Services (DCHS) would be deputed to Gandhi Hospital to attend to emergency cases. These doctors will work in the general surgery, orthopaedic, gynaecology, paediatrics and general medicine wards.Cabinet subcommittee members include finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy, major industries minister J Geetha Reddy, primary education minister S Sailajanath, civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu, government chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy along with chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi, health department special chief secretary G Sudhir and principal secretary KR Ratna Kishore, finance department principal secretary PV Ramesh, Hyderabad district collector Natarajan Gulzar and additional director of medical education Mohan Rao.Responding to queries, the medical education minister said that the entire fleet of 750 ambulances (108 service) would soon start operating at full capacity. \"The chief minister has promised adequate funds to introduce new ambulances. A fresh plan of action to improve medical emergency services will be in place shortly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11865912", "title": "A week after scuffle at student centre, PU yet to act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A week has passed since the violent scuffle at Panjab University's Student Centre, but varsity authorities continue to be mock spectators. Even as the UT police have lodged a case of criminal intimidation, rioting and hurt under sections 147, 148, 323 and 506 of the IPC, PU authorities are yet to be moved by the incident to take appropriate measures to avoid such happenings in the future.Not having learnt enough lessons from past violent incidents that rocked PU campus last year, creating fright among students and onlookers, the university has crossed its self imposed deadline of penalizing students within a week. \"We have convened a meeting on Monday to take a decision on the matter. We do not want to take any strict decision in haste,\" cited A S Ahluwalia, dean student welfare (DSW), PU.\"The police have already lodged cases against few outsiders. One of them was involved in a similar incident in the past as well. Three such persons have been arrested, while others are being searched,\" said P K Dhawan, PU chief security officer. Despite raids conducted in PU hostels within two days of this incident at Student Centre, where close to 35 outsiders were found, the action taken by PU on those hosting these students remains a mystery.PUSU representatives, including president Sukhjit Brar, have complained against rival organization members to the UT police for disrupting their blood donation camp last Friday, but nothing has been done in the case so far.\"No action has been taken on the complaint. It's a clear case of outsiders creating ruckus in the campus yet nothing has been done. We will stage a protest on the matter demanding ban of such students on campus,\" said Cherry Brar, one of the complainants.Offenders roam scotfreePUSU representatives who had filed the complaint allege that the offenders who had picked up a scuffle continue to roam scot-free in the PU campus. \"When we inform the police that the same persons are roaming inside the campus, they will look into it on their own,\" Cherry Brar, a complainant.Student representatives cite that it was due to the pressure from all quarters that the police changed sections of the IPC in Friday's scuffle at the Student Centre from minor to the current sections imposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11865748", "title": "Two killed in accident at unmanned railway crossing", "text": "ANGUL: Two persons died in Angul district on Saturday night after their car was hit by a train at an unmanned railway crossing near Laxmidharapur in Jarapada police station area. They were identified as Babuli Sethy (30) of Laxmidharapur village and Dilip Sahoo (22) of Dubanali village.The accident occurred at around 9pm when the Puri-Sambalpur Intercity Express rammed into the car that got stuck while crossing the unmanned level crossing. The car was completely damaged.Sources said Babuli, who had got married two years ago, worked as a manager at a nearby petrol pump. Dilip was the driver of the ill-fated vehicle.Locals alleged accidents were frequent at the unmanned crossing. At least five persons have been killed here in the past few months. They demanded Rs 50 lakh as compensation for each of the victims' family. They threatened to start an agitation if the railways does not take safety measures in near future.Angul SP Satyabrata Bhoi said, \"We have informed the railways authorities about the incident, and directed them to man the gate and take safety measures for people of the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865316", "title": "Now, speed checks at peak hours, challans in mail", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you think it is easy to get away with speeding on Delhi roads, a new traffic drive may make you think again. The traffic police plan to use 10 speed interceptor vans across the city to take pictures of violating vehicles - along with the time, location and speed - which would be included in the challan posted to the offender's address within 48 hours.If the challan is not paid within a week, the owner of the vehicle will receive court summons. Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said the decision to post the challans instead of flagging down vehicles would help cops catch five times more violators.\"Till now, checking was being done only at non-peak hours as cars had to be stopped for issuing challans. During rush hours, this usually led to jams. Now we can conduct checks at peak hours as well with considerably less manpower. We have conducted trials in south Delhi and are happy with the results,\" Garg said.The interceptor vehicles are fitted with equipment that records the speed of a passing vehicle and takes its picture. \"These mobile interceptors will be randomly placed at different stretches. The picture will record the time and place of the incident as well as the speed of the vehicle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865194", "title": "Festival rush compounds Sunday\u2019s mega-block", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's mega-blocks on all three local train routes-Harbour, Central and Western-caused inconvenience to more passengers than usual. People said they were out for weddings, functions, Valentine Day's shopping and visiting tourist spots with families.\"I had to attend a wedding in the eastern suburbs. Travel by train is fast and economical. But because of the mega-block on the route, the frequency of trains was bad and the second class compartments were packed,\" said Shyamjibhai Gada, a passenger.Many people who arrived by long-distance trains or who had to board outstation trains at Kalyan and Mumbai Central had to opt for cabs and autorickshaws. \"But it is known that most drivers take advantage of rail blocks and fleece passengers,\" said Andheri resident and social activist Govind Sharma. \"If you go to an RTO-approved auto or taxi stand, the drivers demand fixed price for long-distance journeys-some as high as Rs 300-during mega-blocks. The authorities should run more buses, and auto and taxi unions should cooperate on these days.\"Another passenger said, \"Trains were diverted from slow to fast tracks and several suburban locals were cancelled today (Sunday). This upset our travel plans.\"But Western Railway's chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan denied that inconvenience was caused to passengers. \"It is a lean season and there is hardly any crowd (of passengers) on Sundays. We carried out a small block on the slow tracks between Mumbai Central and Churchgate, and this did not cause any problem.\" A Central Railway spokesperson, too, said that there was minimal inconvenience.The mega-blocks were conducted from Churchgate to Mumbai Central, Andheri/Bandra to CST, Kurla to CST, and Kalyan to Mulund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870570", "title": "HC to man: You\u2019re a rowdy, so cops will watch you", "text": "BANGALORE: He would stroll into a fivestar hotel and demand free food and liquor. If the hotel staff refused, Rajajinagar resident RG Somashekar Gowda would vandalize the property and assault the employees. He was promptly labelled a rowdy-sheeter in police records.But on April 4, 2009, when police decided to keep his name in the rowdy-sheeter register as per the Karnataka Police Manual 1998, Gowda moved the high court. He challenged the police commissioner's order authorizing High Grounds police inspector to keep Gowda's name in the register.Dismissing Gowda's petition, the high court last week observed that a person in the rowdy-sheeter list is liable to be watched by police in the interest of peace and tranquillity.Upholding the police chief 's decision to retain Gowda in the list, the court observed that inclusion of anyone in the register will not restrict the person's movements or intrude into his or her privacy. \"It will only enable police to locate the alleged rowdy-sheeter,\" the court added.\"It's clear that the petitioner has been intimidating citizens by violence or force and his actions have been disorderly. Gowda's conduct reveals his tendency to act in a manner prejudicial to public order and safety. Therefore, police have to keep a close watch on his movements to locate him and gather information about his activities and associates with a view to maintain public peace and tranquillity. Taking this into account, the Bangalore city police commissioner rightly rejected his plea seeking removal of his name from the rowdy-sheeter list,\" Justice S Abdul Nazeer observed.Police told the court that petitioner RG Somashekar Gowda was in the habit of demanding free food and liquor from three- and five-star hotels. On refusal, he would threaten and indulge in unruly behaviour. They listed several such instances involving him.Jan 20, 2007: Gowda allegedly assaulted Nutan Hegde, a bar manager, for not providing free liquor and food at Le Meridien.March 3, 2007: Gowda allegedly assaulted a security guard at Hotel Grand Ashok after he was refused free entry and threatened him of dire consequences.April 14, 2007: Gowda barged into Taj West End and destroyed tables, chairs and electric lamps and warned the guards against lodging any complaint against him.Jan 7, 2008: Gowda threatened officials of Hotel Grand Ashok after they asked him to move out his car which had been parked in a no-parking zone.Feb 14, 2008: Gowda allegedly parked his car at the gate of Windsor Manor and threatened the guards and officials who asked him to take it outWho is a rowdy-sheeter? \"Intimidation of law-abiding people by acts of violence or by show of force or by abusive language are two main forms of 'rowdyism'. If a person indulges in this, he has to be termed a rowdy. The person's name shall continue to be in the register or can be removed, depending on his behaviour,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11871830", "title": "Cognizant bags 5-year Future Group deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT major Cognizant today said it has bagged a five-year, multi-million dollar, engagement with Future Group to provide end-to-end IT infrastructure services for all group companies.The deal size, however, was not disclosed. Future Group, one of the country's largest multi-format retail groups, operates chains like Pantaloons, Big Bazaar, Food Bazaar, Central, Home Town, and eZone.It also has allied businesses in consumer finance, life and non-life insurance, logistics infrastructure and supply chain, and brand and IPR development.Under the managed services agreement, Cognizant will support more than 1,000 Future Group stores-including marquee names such as Pantaloons, Big Bazaar, Food Bazaar, Central, Home Town, and eZone-across 85 towns and cities in India, and the new stores opened in the future, Cognizant said.Besides service desk support, data center management, and network services support, Cognizant will also deliver the mission-critical, last-mile IT infrastructure services support to Future Group's network of stores, warehouses, offices, and data centers, it added.Cognizant will implement an Enterprise Management Platform to help the Group proactively monitor, manage, and report business service performance, thereby improving operational agility and drive business transformation, it said.Along with Future Group, Cognizant will set up a Point-of-Sale lab to develop and deploy IT solutions to provide consumer experience in stores, and also to co-innovate around the future of the store, leveraging mobile and kiosk technologies.\"We chose Cognizant as our strategic partner after a comprehensive selection process. Our relationship with Cognizant will allow Future Group to harness Cognizant's broad range of business transformation capabilities in our mission to become a premier catalyst in India's consumption-led growth story,\" Rakesh Biyani, CEO (Retail Business) and an Executive Board Member at Future Group said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "arambag", "code": "11867798", "title": "Cops open fire to disperse mob after accident", "text": "ARAMBAG: Barely two months ago, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had criticised police for firing at Mograhat to disperse an unarmed crowd. But the Arambag police did just that on Sunday morning, firing four rounds in the air to remove daily wagers blocking a road to protest a hit-and-run incident that claimed a 44-yearold woman's life.Three policemen were injured, two seriously, in the brickbatting that followed, prompting the men in uniform to fire. Five villagers were also injured. Nine persons were later arrested for attacking policemen.The incident took place around 9am as several labourers - mostly women - were heading for Batanol from Bankura's Ranibandh. It is the norm in the borough cultivation season for womenfolk from Bankura's Ranibandh, Khatra and Raipur to head for Hooghly's less arid belts to work on a daily basis. Several women carrying paddy saplings had packed a van-rickshaw heading towards the fields when a speeding 10-wheel truck hit them, crushing Mani Sabbar under its wheels. Mayhem followed. A nearly 300-strong mob of villagers stopped the truck and rained stones at it. The driver managed to escape. The villagers squatted on the road, refusing to let go of the body till the victim's kin were compensated.With traffic along the Nutladanga-Batanol road stretch coming to a halt, police tried to remove the protesters forcibly, evoking a fierce reply. MLA faults cops, villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11873000", "title": "You can save additional tax with NPS", "text": "Many taxpayers feel that the 1.2 lakh tax-saving investment limit under Section 80C and 80CCF is too low. However, a handful of employers, including Bangalore-based Wipro Technologies, is allowing its staff to claim more tax deductions by investing under the newly introduced Section 80CCD(2).Under the new section, up to 10% of an employee's basic salary put in the New Pension Scheme is tax deductible. This means a person with an annual basic salary of 5 lakh (nearly 40,000 a month) can get an additional deduction of 50,000 if his employer puts this money on his behalf in the NPS. Assuming that he will have other income (bonus, special allowance, interest , etc), which puts him in the 30% tax bracket, the NPS investment under Section 80CCD(2) will reduce his tax liability by almost 15,000.This clause was introduced in the previous budget by amending the rules regarding the deduction of contribution made on behalf of the employees. Till then, only the contribution towards a recognised provident fund, approved superannuation fund or gratuity fund were allowed as a business expense.The only glitch with the new clause: this is one investment that a taxpayer can't make on his own. It is the employer who needs to deposit the amount on his behalf. For this, the company has to be convinced to include the benefit in its emolument package.Despite the enormous taxsaving potential of the provision , very few corporate houses have offered the benefit to their employees. \"There is little awareness about this clause. Not many people believe that their employees can save more tax through this avenue,\" says Sudhir Kaushik, co-founder and CFO of tax filing portal Taxspanner.com. Kaushik and his team, who advise companies and individuals on tax-efficient strategies, are trying to convince companies to avail of this opportunity. HCL Tech is another large corporate house that is contemplating the inclusion of Section 80CCD(2) investment in its pay structure.If your company does not offer you this benefit yet, it's time to ask for it in your forthcoming appraisal. In the highest 30% tax bracket, it will enhance your increment by 3% of your basic salary. All your employer needs to do is rejig the salary structure by reducing any of the fully taxable emoluments (special allowance, performance-linked bonus, etc) and adding this new head in your total CTC.This provision is also likely to inject new life into the moribund NPS. Till now, the scheme has received a less than lukewarm response from voluntary investors, largely because distributors are not willing to sell the lowcommission pension product . Last month, the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority revised the charges upwards to make the scheme more lucrative for distributors. So, the firsttime subscribers will now be charged 100 for registration and a transaction charge of 0.25% of the initial contribution . Subsequent transactions will also be charged at 0.25% of the amount invested.The NPS is open to anyone between 18 and 55 years. Just as the PPF requires a minimum investment of 500 a year, the tier-I NPS account mandates a minimum annual contribution of 6,000. However, unlike the PPF balance, this amount cannot be withdrawn from the NPS till the age of 60. Even at that age, the investor will have to use at least 40% of the corpus to purchase a life annuity, while the balance can be withdrawn.The tax benefits under Section 80C and 80CCD(2) are available only on investments in tier-I accounts. However, if you have a tier-I account, you can also open a tier-II NPS account. Contributions to the latter can be withdrawn without any restriction.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11867702", "title": "CM balm fails to assuage GJM", "text": "DARJEELING: After a six-month lull, streets in the Hills buzzed with the separate statehood demand on Sunday, with Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) supporters taking out rallies and organizing public meetings to voice their resentment. The activists made it clear that the chief minister's clarification just a day before that the Centre was sitting on the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Bill could not assuage the Hills people.Thousands of people, led by the GJM's youth and women wings, hit the roads with their \"Gorkhaland\" demand in different rallies held in Darjeeling, Kalimpong and Kurseong sub-divisions. The rallies, a pre-announced programme, were organized in accordance with GJM chief Bimal Gurung's directive to put pressure on the government to get the Presidential seal on the GTA Bill.\"More than six months have passed but the GTA is yet to be implemented. The delay is unnecessary and we want to send strong message to central and state governments that we are not happy,\" said Urmila Rumba, senior leader of the Nari Morcha.Party sources said such rallies will be organized on every Sunday till March 27, the deadline the GJM has set for GTA implementation.\"It is the duty and responsibility of the state government to keep its promise. We have been patient for so long but now the water is starting to flow over the head,\" warned Rumba. Shops and business establishments downed shutters for few hours to participate in the rally.Though the GTA agreement was signed in July last year, the bill is yet to get the President's approval. The mandatory inter-ministerial report is due as the bill will have to go through 18 ministries before being placed before the President. Also, there has been a delay in the submission of a report by a high powered committee that is verifying GJM's demand for inclusion of additional areas of Terai and Dooars in the new administrative set up.Addressing the crowd, Isha Mani Pakhrin, the GJM town committee president, echoed similar sentiments but stopped short of blaming the state. \"The CM has assured us of full support to get the GTA implemented. But, why the unnecessary delay? We hope that the CM gives us satisfactory answers when she comes to Darjeeling on February 28 after meeting central government representatives,\" Pakhrin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866365", "title": "Leaders lament \u2018extinction\u2019 of selfless workers", "text": "MUMBAI: As campaigning for the BMC poll enters its last phase, netas are sorely missing the 'karyakarta', the foot soldier of yore who loyally served the political leader during the battle of the ballot but is now going extinct.The story of the karyakarta's (party worker) decline encapsulates the degeneration of the city's political culture, say old-timers. Steeped in ideology, he was the eyes and ears of political parties. During elections, the karyakarta was called on to employ his dextrous skills at executing multiple tasks-monitor the poll campaign, pen peppy slogans, distribute pamphlets and plaster posters. The smart alec among them was invariably entrusted with the task of eavesdropping on the rival candidate. The only requisites to keep the karyakarta going were a humble vada-pav and a hot cuppa.\"Today, everything revolves around money. Young workers cut a deal with the candidates. Ideology is nowhere in the picture,\" said former Janata Dal corporator Ramesh Joshi.Joshi argued that the decline began in the mid-'90s. \"Post-1995, politicians showed scant regard for ideology. For them politics was about unbridled power and money. The message trickled down to the ward level. Young political activists sensed chances of upward mobility. They weren't going to spend years spreading out chatais for public meetings and writing out voters' slips.\"The BJP, which regularly flaunts its ideological stripes, particularly faces a piquant situation. \"Over the last few years the BJP didn't devote enough time and attention towards grooming young karyakartas,\" admitted party MLA Yogesh Sagar. \"So, the new class of political workers is influenced by the all-pervading consumerism of Mumbai.\"Dalit parties such as the RPI (A) and the Bharatiya Republican Party can boast of a well-read, intelligent class of grassroots workers. \"But their leaders are caught in the quicksand of power politics,\" said a Dalit Panthers activist. Ditto with the Shiv Sena, said observers.The void left by karyakartas is being filled today by friends. \"The best option is to have one's core group of friends and colleagues run the campaign,\" said Parag Alavani, former BJP corporator whose wife Jyoti is contesting from a Vile Parle constituency.Congress MLA from Kandivli Ramesh Singh Thakur, however, struck an optimistic note. \"Even today a karyakarta is willing to work selflessly for the party candidate, though much depends on the leader. Leaders must groom and cultivate workers and address their grievances,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11867036", "title": "CJ\u2019s suggestion not considered, concedes CM", "text": "MANGALORE: In a fresh twist to the controversy over the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as the Upa Lokayukta, it has turned out that the Karnataka government virtually overruled the candidate suggested by Karnataka high court chief justice Vikramajit Sen for the post.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda rejected the suggestion that he didn't follow the due consultation process in Upa Lokayukta's appointment and claimed he had consulted the chief justice too.\"I feel I may have erred in not sending the names that had emerged from the consultation process with all those who had to be consulted on the Upa Lokayukta's appointment. But it is improper to state that the consultation process was flawed just because the name given by the chief justice was not considered,\" he said.Later, Gowda told The Times of India that he had followed the process laid down by the Karnataka Lokayukta Act and the precedents on the issue. He ruled out across-the-table consultations on the issue. \"I consulted all the five persons to be spoken to. The chief justice suggested a name. But the government went ahead with the name that had the support of the three who were consulted,\" Gowda explained.Sadananda Gowda said he is confident of resolving the row surrounding the Upa Lokayukta's appointment. \"I believe in resolving even the most vexatious of issues by dialogue. I will meet the chief justice and seek his advice to resolve the issue.\"On reports that impeachment is the only way to get the Upa Lokayukta out of the office, Gowda said: \"This sensitive step can be initiated only if there are grave charges in discharge of his duties after appointment to the post, and not earlier.\" On Saturday, minister Suresh Kumar said impeachment is the only way out of the appointment bind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11867362", "title": "OHPC staff decry \u2018unfair\u2019 treatment", "text": "KORAPUT: Service engineer's association of Odisha Hydro Power Corporation (OHPC) has claimed that its members are demoralized at the apathetic attitude of the state government towards them.According to the association, after the formation of Odisha Power Reformation Act in 1995, hundreds of government cadre engineers of state energy department were transferred to the control of OHPC. As per the act, the service condition of the transferred engineers should remain unchanged, but that has not been the practice.The association said it has approached the authorities concerned several times to fulfill its demands but to no avail. It threatened to start a mass agitation if its demands are not fulfilled at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871838", "title": "Hitesh: Embarking on a musical note", "text": "Hitesh from the band Eka gets chatty about their upcoming projects and their visit to BangaloreWhat do you have to say about Bangalore and its audience? Bangalore has always been special for us. Every visit to Bangalore reinforces our love for the city and its people. Our first commercial concert was at a college in Bangalore in October 2010 and we also performed at the Bengaluru Habba and October Fest last year. This year we've started the New Year with two thrilling shows in Bangalore, first one was a private event at a hotel followed by a performance at Opus. Bangalore's love for music is unmatched; the city knows and loves its music. We've even written a song that is inspired by Bangalore and has the lines 'When Eka plays in Bangalore...there's masti and fun galore!'Tell us about your experience working for TGIOF (Come on over anthem) / UN initiative? Are there any more projects in the pipeline? We've been quite fortunate that our track 'Chalte Jaana' was chosen as the theme song for a UN Initiative (Partners Forum) on Women's and Children health and very recently at the Earth Care Awards in Delhi, a TOI initiative. We also composed the entire music score of the Earth Care Awards 2011 and performed there as well. It's a huge honour for us to be associated with causes of social value and we're very pleased that we could contribute to these causes in our own way through our music. We performed at the finale of Bengaluru Habba in January 2011 and during that trip, one of our friends insisted that we meet Vilas from CommonColors, the company behind TGIOF (The Great Indian Oktober Fest). Vilas and his team liked our music and we discussed about creating a song for the event and the rest was history. Currently, we're performing for a range of events from 100 people niche audience to 15,000 and more audience public shows.With several bands coming up, what makes your band different from others? Well, each individual is distinct and has something special to offer. As a team what makes our band different is that it is a team of three seasoned professionals who have very distinct yet complimenting skill sets and have come together to realize a common vision. Benny has more than two decades of experience as a live performer and is equally at ease with composing and performing various styles of music, I have a large amount of experience in the recording studio donning various hats as a producer, composer, sessions musician and as a music educator in addition to being a live performer for more than 15 years. Lokesh has a diverse corporate experience of about a decade in addition to his musical talents. As far as the music is concerned, the range of styles and genres is very diverse, the songs connect with a wide audience and the performances are high energy and entertaining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11872673", "title": "Earn While You Learn", "text": "KOLKATA: I-MBA, a two-year industry integrated programme, was formally launched by Bengal Institute of Business Studies (BIBS) at their Lake Campus recently.Test and Try Model is what we had in our mind when we planned this course for our students, said Vidur Kapoor, chairman of BIBS. This two- year full-time programme is a combination of six months classroom studies and 15 to 18 months of practical work with the top notch companies in the industry.This will help them gain work experience while continuing their study. On completion of the course, students will get UGC and AICTE approved MBA degree certified by the Punjab Technical University (PTU).The guests of honour Dev Narayan Sarkar, GM-Sales, PEPSICO and Jyotirmay Bhattacharya, zonal head HR, Mahindra Finance are directly associated with the institute and recruit students through direct interview for their firm. A student needs to be a graduate in order to enroll to the course.The course costs about Rs 3.18 lakh per annum but the students have an enormous opportunity of regaining half or more of their spent amount. During their apprenticeship they have an opportunity of earning between Rs 1.18 to 2 lakh. This makes it easy to pay off the loans that many students take for their studies.Along with the practical work the students will be coming in on Sundays to make a note of what they have learned and vice-versa. Guest lectures from various companies will be coming in from time to time along with the regular professors. Students need to come out of their theoretical base and have more of practical orientation. The I-MBA programme is priceless for aspirants as they can put into practice what they are taught in the classroom. This cannot be replicated with any other learning. After they work in organisations for 15 months companies will naturally want to retain the trained workforce and thus guarantee jobs for the pass outs, said Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864903", "title": "4,100 EVMs ready with candidates names, symbols", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has on Sunday prepared 4,100 electronic voting machines (EVMs) by inserting the ballot papers containing the names of candidates and their symbols on Sunday.The process to prepare the EVMs for polling was started in all 12 zones at 8am on Sunday. In the presence of representatives of candidates, the officials made entry of ward number, booth number, first and last candidate number etc in the controlling units. One EVM has been prepared for each of the 2,487 booths. Besides, two EVMs have been kept reserved for emergencies in each ward.The process of inserting the ballot paper followed by sealing the machine was completed with representatives of candidates witnessing the procedure. Individual ballot papers were inserted in total 4,100 ballot units.There will be one EVM in every polling booth in 31 wards, as the number of candidates contesting from both seats is either 15 or less. In 35 wards, there will be EVMs placed next to each other in each booth as the number of candidates is between 15 and 30. Booths in five wards will have three units each, as the number of candidates is between 30 and 45.Only one ward (Nari ward, Ashi Nagar zone) will have four ballot units as the number of candidates is 47.NMC had 2,800 sets of controlling and ballot units. An additional 1,300 ballot units were brought from other districts. The process was first completed in Nehru Nagar zone at around 9pm followed by other zones. The process went on till late in the night at a few zones, especially Ashi Nagar, due to high number of ballot units.The sealed EVMs will be stored in strong rooms at zonal offices under security cover and sent to their designated polling booths on February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11868879", "title": "Railway worker returns box containing jewellery", "text": "MYSORE: Good Samaritans are not a rare breed. Channabasappa, a 50-year-old daily-wage railway employee, proved this on Sunday. He found a box in the toilet of Dharwad Express while cleaning the compartment. He promptly handed it over to his seniors, showing no curiosity to see what it contained.Officials were shocked to see the box containing gold ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh, which belonged to a passenger, Nissara.Nissara, her child and father Sheikh Ahmed boarded Mysore-bound Kaveri Express on Saturday evening from Chennai. When the train reached near Mandya, they realized one of their bags was missing and alerted railway police. They said the bag contained gold ornaments and Rs 5,000 cash.When railway police got to know that the missing box had been found, Nissara and her father were at Mysore police station. Overwhelmed, they promised to reward Channabasappa for his honesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871825", "title": "I'm absolutely opposite to Kiya in real life: Rucha Gujarathi", "text": "We have loved her portraying essential relations - that of a sincere bahu, a good bhabhiand overall a great woman in the show Bhabhi.And we have loved watching her do various roles, from positive to negative, in Kkusum, Kaun Apna Kaun Paraya , Rang Badalti Odhani , and reality show Desi Girl ; Rucha Gujarathi, currently riding on the success of her show Saas Bina Sasural , feels that it has been a blissful journey for her in the industry so far.Although she still loves her role in Bhabhi and feels it is an important milestone in her career (the show went on for over two years and 800 episodes), she would not like being typecast with similar characters. About her transition from playing a good bahu to playing the role of a vamp, she says, \"I like doing a variety of roles. It is challenging and gives me an opportunity to prove my versatility as an actor. And I have been blessed with different types of roles. Otherwise, if I would have done the same thing, I would have been typecast as the gullible, good bahu . I did not want that.\"Quiz her about being in Bigg Boss and she replies, \"I would not say no to it as I am very curious about the concept of the show. I have always lived in my own comfort zone, with my parents. I have never been in such an environment before so I would like to see how I adjust in the house with other people around me.\"Ask her about her current show and she avers, \"It is a very well-sketched character. But yes, I am absolutely opposite to Kiya in real life!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11867314", "title": "Nawab called in to bring down maneater", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nawab Shafat Ali Khan has been called for the second time in Uttar Pradesh by the forest department to control a tiger. On February 24, 2009, Nawab Shafat Ali Khan killed a man-eating tigress at Faizabad that was prowling in the jungle of Rudauli forest range for two months and had claimed seven human lives.According to Forest department sources, Nawab Shafat Ali Khan reached Rahmankheda on Friday on invitation of Ashok Mishra, DFO of Avadh forest range and joined the operation to tranquilise the tiger along with forest department and WTA officials.The tiger has been prowling for the last one month in the thorny bushes of Central India Subtropical Horticulture farm situated at Rahmankheda are adjacent to Lucknow city, and now the forest department has sought the help of renowned tiger shooter Nawab Shafat Ali Khan of Hyderabad to control and capture the tiger.This young tiger of 4 years strayed away from his natural habitat of the jungle of Pilibhit forest range, and is roaming in the dense vegetation of the farm land belong to agriculture ministry.Forest department officials along with the activists of Wild Life Trust of India are trying to capture this tiger for the last one month, but in every attempt they were unsuccessful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866274", "title": "Youth who faked robbery ends life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around three months after being caught for lodging a false FIR of robbery of Rs 8 lakh, a 26-year-old web designer, Abir Malhotra of Sangam Enclave in Sector 48, ended his life. He hanged himself with the leash of his dog tied to the iron grill of stairs on the top floor of his house on Sunday.Police have recovered a detailed suicide note in which Abir has held himself guilty of lodging the false FIR and blamed no one for the extreme step. In the suicide note, Abir also mentioned the changed behaviour of his family members towards him after the incident, but wished well for all of them.Police officials said inspection of the spot revealed that after hanging himself in the stairs Abir had tried to save himself, but failed. The body was spotted hanging around 8am by father of deceased Manmohan Malhotra and elder brother Babbar Malhotra.Abir's father Manmohan Malhotra said, \"Around 6am I told Abir to switch on the geezer in the bathroom, following which he headed for the roof. After two hours when we noticed him missing , we went to the roof where we found his body hanging in the stairs.\"The body has been handed over to his family members after postmortem examination in GMCH-32.Abir Malhotra hit headlines on November 15, 2011, after lodging an FIR of robbery of Rs 8 lakh at gunpoint from him, but the FIR proved false after three days of registering the same. Abir claimed that two unidentified youths robbed the cash from his car on November 12, 2011 at the dividing road of sectors 48 and 49. Later, cops concluded that the money belonged to Abir's elder sister Deepti Mehta, who is in Karnataka, and Abir had concocted the story when Deepti demanded the money back.Abir had invested Rs 5 lakh in a business which suffered a loss of around Rs 3 lakh and used the remaining money to buy a car.Attempt to seek sympathy?A senior police official said, \"There is possibility that Abir had decided to take sympathy of his family after creating a suicide scene, but failed to save himself after he hanged himself with the iron railing.\"He added, the suicide note was found from a diary of the deceased youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865189", "title": "Patna College retired teachers offer services", "text": "PATNA: The retired teachers of Patna College on Sunday volunteered all help and services for raising the academic standard of this oldest institution of higher education in the state. The college is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year.Participating in a meeting organized by the college, these teachers said that student-centric activities should be organized regularly in the college. The college is meant basically for students and all efforts should be made to address their problems. They must be encouraged to take active part in sports and cultural activities with a view to engaging their mind in creative activities.Some of them took exception to the presence of a police outpost on the campus. Its presence indicates lack of a peaceful academic atmosphere in the college, they said. They pleaded for provision of basic facilities like drinking water, toilets, canteen, computers, internet and textbooks for students so that they don't face any difficulty in their studies. College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh presided. Prominent among those who attended the meet included Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh, former PU VC L N Ram, former Magadh University VC Ziyauddin Ahmad, former principals S S Tulsian and R P Singh Rahi, and retired teachers S N Prasad, R Gauntia and V N P Sinha.An advisory committee, consisting of senior retired teachers of the college, was also constituted for suggesting ways for an all-round development of the college. L N Ram released a book written by a college BCA student, Shekhar, on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866825", "title": "Threatened with fake pistol, bouncers beat up drunk man", "text": "GURGAON: A brawl in front of a shopping mall has once again exposed how pubs in Gurgaon are operating well beyond the stipulated deadline. A resident of Gurgaon, who visited a pub on MG Road, was beaten up by bouncers of a mall around 3.30am on Sunday after he abused them and threatened them with a fake pistol.According to sources, due to the intervention of police, both parties reached a compromise. We have not yet received any complaint in this matter, said DCP (east) Maheshwar Dyal.According to the police, one Sameer (name changed) visited Sahara Mall with his friends around 11pm on Saturday. They drank till about 2am. An intoxicated Sameer showed his fake pistol to some bouncers who then drove them away from the pub.After this, they went to MGF Metropolitan mall around 3am and entered a pub. Sameer tried to show his fake pistol again and allegedly abused the bouncers. When the bouncers opposed him, he left the pub and came out of the mall.Around 3.30am, Sameer started manhandling a bouncer again. At this, some bouncers of a pub came out and started beating up Sameer and his friends with hockey sticks, said police. In meantime, his friends fled from the spot.Sameer called the police around 4am and a police team from DLF-II police station reached the spot. They rushed him to a hospital and filed a medico-legal case. Sameer also filed a police complaint against the bouncers.However, on Sunday morning, the pub operator and bouncers were called to the DLF-II police station and they said Sameer had a fake pistol with him and threatened them with it. Sameer later withdrew his complaint and reached a compromise with the bouncers. Well file a case if we receive a complaint, said Dyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866681", "title": "Two dummy candidates held", "text": "INDORE: Two persons appearing in the written examination for police recruitment with fake identity, were caught here on Sunday.Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP), A Sai Manohar, said that two Sonu Rawat, son of Matadin Rawat and Rajendra Meena, son of Vinod Meena, were caught while they were appearing in the examination. The former is the resident of Morena, while the latter is from Rajgarh.Interestingly, these applicants had pasted their own photographs on the application form, while the documents, that had been submitted by them during the examination, were found to be different ones, post investigation.During the interrogation, the duo confessed that they were appearing in the examination on behalf of their relations.Sonu Rawat was appearing in the exam in place of Rishikesh Rawat, who is the brother-in-law of the elder brother of Sonu. Similarly, Rajendra Meena was appearing on behalf of some other Rajendra. Both of them are closely related to each other. Both the accused were held from the Basketball Stadium, where the exam was going on. The Tukoganj police has registered a case against both the accused u/s 419, 420 &amp; \u00be of Examination Act. According to police, Sonu Rawat has completed B Sc, while Rajendra, who is a student of MA and was preparing for PSC examination.It should be noted that the examination was organised at three venues in the city including Abhay Prashal, Tennis Club and Basketball Stadium, which was attended by around 8,000 aspirants of police. All the aspirants are trying their luck for a total number of 457 vacant places, which includes 40 for female constables'posts, in the department falling under Indore region.The exam was conducted between 9 to 11 am under tight security in which adequate strength of police were deployed to control the situation. These all aspirants have already cleared the physical examination nearly a month ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867224", "title": "Time to operationalise minority data bank", "text": "At a workshop on 12th Plan for AP minorities welfare department held a couple of months ago, a top-ranking state government official lamented the lack of well-defined database of minorities which can be used for multifarious development and welfare activities of the government. Various beneficiary-oriented government schemes - funded by the central and state governments-- do not have a separate column to capture data relating to Muslims, Christians and other religious minorities, he pointed out. No wonder, many other participants at the workshop emphasized the need to capture data through socio-economic surveys to enable the government to formulate need-based schemes for the welfare of the minorities.Much before this issue was debated at this workshop, the Prime Minister's High Level Committee on Social, Economic and Educational Status of the Muslim Community in India, better known as Sachar Committee, had noted in November 2006 that \"the need for transparency, monitoring and availability of reliable data on a continuing basis across the socio-religious communities (SRCs) on socio-economic conditions and participation in government programmes is critical for designing appropriate policies, ensuring transparency and effectively monitoring various initiatives and programmes.\"In other words, availability of detailed data is a prerequisite for good governance. \"Availability of such data would also make policy instruments like Right to Information Act more efficacious,\" the Committee pointed out and recalled that it had faced \"the acute problem of non-availability of reliable data and, therefore, had to launch an independent effort to collect, collate and, consolidate available data. The data obtained through these mechanisms with considerable difficulty was still not exhaustive enough to analyse several issues to our satisfaction.\" The committee stressed the immediate need to make arrangements to collect data for different SRCs on a regular basis and make it available to researchers and the public. The Sachar Committee, therefore, recommended creation of a National Data Bank (NDB) where all relevant data for various SRCs are maintained. All the data should be eventually computerized and made available on the Internet. The census, the National Accounts Statistics (NAS) and NSSO are the most important sources of large scale good quality data but they are not able to readily provide data on crucial variables to assess the social, economic and educational conditions according to SRCs. \"There is an urgent need to assess afresh the data needs for evaluating conditions of citizens by SRC status on a regular basis so as to understand and assess the flow of development benefits. The NDB should also be the repository of data on different beneficiary-oriented government programmes undertaken at the national and the state levels along with the details of beneficiaries drawn from different SRCs,\" the committee pointed out.The committee also recommended that the details of employment, credit flows, programme participation, etc. should also be shared by various national and state agencies and undertakings with the NDB. For this purpose, the NDB should have the resources and authority to access data from other agencies as well as to obtain required information from government departments both at the Centre and the state levels. In fact, it should be obligatory on the part of the relevant departments of the central and state governments to supply the information to the NDB.\"While the Central Statistical Commission which has been set up recently could provide the broad framework, the NDB should function as an autonomous body. Once such data are available, there is a need to institutionalize the mechanisms for assessment and monitoring in order to suggest policy options on a timely basis,\" the committee suggested.In this backdrop, Sachar Committee recommended the setting up of an autonomous Assessment and Monitoring Authority (AMA) to evaluate the extent of development benefits which accrue to different SRCs through various programmes. Academics, professionals, civil society organizations along with state authorities as the official members can be part of this Authority. The latest Action Taken Report (ATR) on Sachar Committee recommendations notes that a National Data Bank, to compile the data on various socio-economic and basic amenities parameters for socio-religious communities, has been set up in the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation. The ATR also points out that an autonomous Assessment and Monitoring Authority (AMA), to analyse data collected for taking appropriate and corrective policy decisions, has been set up in the Planning Commission. However, the National Advisory Council (NAC) recommends to the Government to operationalise both the NDB and AMA on an urgent basis to ensure inclusive growth and empowerment of minorities during the 12th Plan (2012-17).(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11866302", "title": "Jaitley: Congress creating communal divide in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley on Sunday alleged that the Congress is trying to communalise the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. He was referring to Congress leader and Union law minister Salman Khurshid's reported comment that Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi had tears in her eyes when the issue of Batla house encounter was put up before her.\"Congress has deployed two of its leaders (Digvijaya Singh and Salman Khurshid) to spread communal feeling amongst the voters, while the rest pretend to speak on developmental issues,\" Jaitley said at a pr- ess conference.On the Batla house encounter, Jaitley said that the ministry of home affairs in its report had maintained that it was a genuine encounter. Jaitley added that the Congress had made a desperate attempt to spread communal feelings by disallowing Salman Rushdie to the Jaipur literary festival. \"It was a clear case of succumbing before the fundamentalists,\" he said.Khurshid had sparked off a controversy few days ago when he, while campaigning for his wife Louise, a Congress candidate from Farrukhabad assembly constituency, promised the electorate that the party would increase the sub-quota for minorities to nine per cent. However, the Election Commission slapped Khurshid with a notice, saying his remarks had violated the model code of conduct.The disregard for a constitutional agency like the EC has also exposed the Congress, Jaitley added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "raichur", "code": "11865698", "title": "Bangalore boy in soup for 'calling' Pak foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar", "text": "RAICHUR: A call to Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar allegedly from the cellphone of a youth hailing from the remote Buddini village in Sindhanur taluk of Karnataka's Raichur district has landed him in trouble.The incident came to light when CCB sleuths from Bangalore grilled him on Sunday. The investigation followed a message from the Pakistan foreign minister's office asking the government to inquire into this call.It is alleged that the youth who called the cellphone of the minister and used filthy language, said local police. Police said the foreign ministry officials claimed that the call originated from the youth's phone and lasted 15 minutes.The incident took place two months ago. Police said CBI officials who arrived from Delhi had visited the town last month. On Sunday, officials from CCB Bangalore visited the town and inquired, the local police disclosed, adding that youth had denied the allegation. However, there was no confirmation from the CCB police in Bangalore. The victim, Amaresh, an attender at a private coaching centre, told media: \"Neither have I heard of Rabbani Khar nor do I know Urdu or English to abuse her. I do not know what all this is about. I do not know if some student who resides at this centre had used my phone.\"Local police said the CCB officials refused to show the call records to substantiate their allegation when the lecturers at the centre on behalf of the youth sought details. Police have directed the youth not to switch off his cellphone till they contact him again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11874211", "title": "Aravaan to release on February 24", "text": "Aravaan has been awarded with a U certificate. The film was appreciated by the Censor Board officials who decided to give it a clean U. Directed by Vasanthan Balan, Aravaan is a period film that narrates about the 72 dynasties under the Naicker rule.The director has done a thorough research to get the facts rights and this would be evident when the film is out.Vasantha Balan is planning to release Aravaan on February 24. Singer Karthi has debuted as a music director with this film.Aravaan has a strong star cast which includes Aadhi, Pasupathy, Archana Kavi, Dhansika, Kabir Bedi and others. Anjali and Bharath have done a cameo in this film.The Telugu version of Aravaan will also be released soon, say sources.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866102", "title": "Botox founder cannot use it on himself", "text": "NEW DELHI: Millions of women including Hollywood stars have Dr Alan Scott to thank for their wrinkle free alabaster skin. But the irony is that the ophthalmologist from San Francisco , who discovered the wonder drug Botox in the 1970s while searching for a cure for crossed eyes, isn't that lucky himself.\"I wish I could use Botox on myself to do away with my wrinkles. Unfortunately I can't. Because I work with the dangerous botulinum toxin - a nerve poison produced by a bacteria that paralyzes muscles and is the foundation of Botox, I am vaccinated against it. Botox will not work on me,\" he told TOI in an exclusive interview.In India to attend a conference in Hyderabad, Dr Scott rued having handed over the drug to pharma company Allergen. Saying he had no idea that Botox would become so big, he said, \"If I knew, I would have never given it to the drug company Allergen in 1991. At present Botox is being used for over 100 disorders besides aesthetic applications.\"In a candid chat with TOI Dr Scott said, \"It was then a satisfactory deal for which I got around $4.5 million. However, I haven't been associated with it for 15 years now. Now, it gives me maybe a little satisfaction but no money.\"He laughed and added, \"If I held on to Botox, maybe I could have made a billion dollars a year now.\" What fascinates Dr Scott most is how the drug he found has become so effective against varied diseases. \"Botox makes muscles relax and weakens those which are overactive. Initially when I developed it, I knew it could do wonders for neurological disorders. However, I had absolutely no idea it could work so well as a cosmetic agent. Millions of women are now using it for face upliftment,\" he said.But does Dr Scott encourage teens to undergo Botox procedures? \"Botox has been found to be safe for young people. It is however not clear what will happen after decades of use. Maybe the facial muscles will weaken and sag. But we know that it works in reducing facial wrinkles. Most women don't care what will happen years later. They just want the wrinkles to disappear now,\" he said.Botox is currently approved in India and approximately 80 countries for 21 different indications. It is a purified form of botulinum toxin, a nerve poison produced by the bacteria that cause a disease that paralyzes muscles. Injections of Botox act by blunting chemical nerve signals to certain muscles or glands, reducing their activity.Botox was developed in the 1970s by Dr Scott with some help from a biochemist who had isolated and purified a strain of botulinum toxin for military use as a biological weapon.Dr Scott had then named the drug Oculinum. In 1989, the US FDA approved it to treat crossed eyes and twitching eyelids. Allergan bought Oculinum in 1991 rebranding it Botox. Annual sales of Botox now exceeds $1 billion.\"Initially when I transferred the drug to Allergen, expected to sell 20,000 vials annually at around $200 a vial. However millions of vials got sold. Now you might have to shell out $500 for a Botox session,\" Dr Scott said.Botox was first approved in 1989 to treat two eye muscle disorders -- uncontrollable blinking ( blepharospasm ) and misaligned eyes (strabismus). In 2000, the toxin was approved to treat a neurological movement disorder that causes severe neck and shoulder contractions, known as cervical dystonia. As an unusual side effect of the eye disorder treatment, doctors observed that Botox softened the vertical frown (glabellar) lines between the eyebrows that tend to make people look tired, angry or displeased. By April 2002, the FDA was satisfied by its review of studies indicating that Botox reduced the severity of frown lines for up to 120 days. The agency then granted approval to use the drug for this condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11865178", "title": "Sr citizen robbed of gold chain", "text": "NAGPUR: A 68-year-old woman was robbed of her gold chain worth around Rs 50,000 at the entrance of a temple at Trimurti Nagar chowk on Saturday evening.Panchphula Gode had come to attend a religious congregation.Gode and her daughter were leaving the premises when the incident took place near the crowded entrance, where devotees were rushing out.Gode was taken back after she experienced a pull but left helpless in the crowd. Later, she realized her gold chain was lost. Rana Pratap Nagar police registered a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866379", "title": "Couple held in gold loans fraud, 1 absconding", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old woman and her 28-year-old husband were arrested on Saturday night for pledging fake gold jewels in seven branches of Muthoottu Mini Financiers Private Limited in the city and its suburbs. Police suspect that the couple pledged fake gold jewels and borrowed at least Rs 25 lakh from the finance company. They have formed a special team to nab one more person, the mastermind behind the fraud, who is absconding.The accused were identified as A Rihana Parveen and her husband A Amanulla of Sakthi Nagar near Kavundampalayam in Coimbatore. Police said, Rihana completed class 10 and married Amanulla who worked as an accountant in a vegetable market. Due to illness, he was admitted in a private hospital and the medical expenses came up to Rs1 lakh, which they had no means of paying.Consequently, Rihana approached a colleague who gave her the money in return for her assistance in acquiring gold loans from finance firms by pledging fake gold jewels. For each loan she acquired in this way, she was paid a commission of Rs5000. Her colleague was familiar with the manufacturing techniques of gold jewels and he cleverly coated silver jewels with gold which Rihana pledged. He also gave her a fake voter identity card. She had successfully acquired loans from seven branches of Muthoottu Mini Financiers Private limited in Coimbatore between September and November 2011.She borrowed at least Rs 25 lakh under various aliases including Shakeera, Fathima, Nowbia, Ashina and Ayisha. When the firms realized they were cheated, they lodged a complaint with Coimbatore city and rural police in November 2011. On February 3, branch managers of the firm went in person to the police commissioner's office and lodged a complaint to seek her arrest. Immediately, commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy ordered the arrest of the culprits.\"We have arrested the couple from Ukkadam bus stand on Saturday night. They tried to escape to Kerala, but confessed to the fraud when arrested. We have formed a special team to nab the absconding accused,\" said Inspector (crime) P Sundaresan, Ukkadam police station.ClarificationA news item on fake gold jewels pledged by a woman was carried in these columns on February 4 but that article wrongly mentioned Muthoot Group Finance Limited as the finance firm which was cheated.It was infact Muthoottu Mini Financiers Private limited. Muthoot finance group has informed us that they have no connection with the Muthoottu Mini Financiers firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11870246", "title": "Defence minister A K Antony leaves for Saudi Arabia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Saudi Arabia will strengthen military ties and develop understanding on areas of mutual interest during defence minister A K Antony's two-day visit to that country beginning today.\"I am leaving for Saudi Arabia... This is the first-ever visit by an Indian defence minister to that country,\" Antony said here.The minister is accompanied by defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma, Army vice chief Lt Gen S K Singh, Navy deputy chief vice admiral Satish Soni and Air vice Marshal M R Pawar.Soon after reaching Riyadh , Antony will hold discussions with his counterpart Prince Salman-bin-Abdul Aziz Al-Saud, besides meeting other senior government and political leaders.Defence cooperation between the two countries include training exchanges, ship visits and high-level visits by senior officials.\"This visit is expected to enable both sides to engage in discussions on areas where existing cooperation can be expanded for mutual benefits,\" ministry officials said.Antony will also be interacting with the representatives of the Indian community in Saudi Arabia.Over the years, relations between two countries have strengthened considerably owing to cooperation in regional affairs and trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869811", "title": "Taking ayurvedic medicine to New England", "text": "Dr. Pratibha Shah has an intriguing story to tell. Staying in the United States since 2004, she has swiftly attracted the attention of traditional doctors who have been practicing western medicine and now find something in the ayurvedic medicine she practices. Having met her, these doctors are rethinking ways to help their patients. Born in New Delhi, raised in Bangalore, educated in Nagpur and Jaipur, and having worked in New Delhi, Dr. Shah is having an impact on medical care in New England.Q: How did you first come to medicine ?A: Like all typical Indian families, my father had a dream, that his daughter would be a doctor. More than that, he wanted me to have a family life, to have children, and to balance the profession of medicine with all of that.Q: Meaning?A: He wanted me to have a government job. More flexibility with hours. Look, my parents are very conservative, but they wanted me to be independent. They wanted me to have opportunities. They valued education highly: I have two brothers who are engineers, a brother was who was a major in the army and then went into finance, and a brother, who died, who was in placement.Q: Why do you suppose they valued education so highly?A: My family was alert to education. We belong to the Kayastha caste. It's a caste known for providing education to men and women. The big Bollywood star Amitabh Bachan is a member of the caste!Q: Did your father's goal suit you? Emotionally, I mean.A: I have always been a risk taker. I wanted to be independent. I will say, however, that at one time I wanted to be an architect. I decided I would do it. But by mistake I missed interviews at the one college I applied to, and there I was! So my father said, 'Now you do what I want you to do!' He wanted me to go to an ayurvedic medical college.Q: What was that like?A: I figured I'll waste a year, but you know what? I had really profound teachers! I was captivated! I decided to do ayurvedic completely. By this time there were well defined standards for its practice.Q: Tell me a bit about your training experience.A: I studied in Mumbai. I studied in Jaipur. For my Master's thesis, I did research on the standardization, with clinical trials, of a classical ayurvedic product in the treatment of epilepsy.Q: Subsequently?A: I got that government job! My father was right. It had great perks. I did it for 13 years in New Delhi before moving to the States.Q: Describe some differences between the way you practice medicine here and in India.A: The volume in India was different. I saw 60 to 80 patients per day. They had a wide variety of illnesses. Many were chronic in nature: Diabetes , hypertension, cardiovascular diseases. In contrast, in the United States, wellness is emphasized along with very unique illnesses like Rett's disease, insomnia , stress , and post-menopausal problems. I don't see nearly the same number of people per day as I did in India.Q: How do western doctors learn from you?A: Some find me online. Others come to my workshops. I'm involved with Boston Medical Center through the Boston University School of Public Health.Q: Ayurvdedic medicine requires products, too. Has it been difficult for you to get these for your patients?A: It is a struggle to find online resources, that's been one of my biggest challenges. I was finding maybe about 5% although that's changing. I'm beginning to find more resources in the U.K., for example.Q: What do you suppose is the future for ayurvdedic medicine in the United States?A: I think it's going to be huge for two reasons. One, there are ayurvdedic schools mushrooming all over the US with licensing and standards of education. Two, by nature of our association with integrative medicine, there is growing interest. Something else, too: I was invited to speak at The White House about ayurvdedic medicine! Prevention: strategies for prevention of illnesses. Very exciting!Q: What has been your sense of the relationships you are building with doctors who are trained primarily in western medicine?A: I am deeply impressed with holistic practices in western medicine. I also try to introduce myself using western concepts: Build trust with clients, focus on reality today, ayurvedic practice is not just ancient. I think that a blend the best of both western and ayurveduc practices is great.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11865220", "title": "Congress will be in trouble if we withdraw support, says Pawar", "text": "AMRAVATI: Deputy chief minister and senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar while refuting the allegations levelled by state agriculture minister Radhkrishna Vikhe-Patil warned the Congress that the party would be in trouble if NCP withdrew support from the DF Government.\"People like Vikhe-Patil (Congress minister) criticize NCP to win favour from Delhi. They should not forget that the Congress led state government is riding on NCP's shoulders. If we withdrew from the government, it would create problems for the Congress,\" said Pawar.Earlier, Vikhe-Patil at a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in Amravati had criticized Pawar for not doing developmental work.\"Pawar has duplicate keys of state coffers while real keys are with Chavan,\" he had said.Defending self Pawar highlighted the developmental works he has completed in the region. \"I have allocated huge funds for development of the city but due to model code of conduct I did not reveal it,\" Pawar said.Vikhe-Patil did not even attend district planning and development committee (DPDC) meeting in which we took many decisions, Pawar said.\"In Solapur, where Congress rules the local body, people are facing water problem but NCP-ruled Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation has become the best civic body in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11866166", "title": "Mohali police yet to link up with NCRB", "text": "MOHALI: The crime in Mohali involving criminals from other states has risen considerably with each passing year, but the district police are yet to commence their ambitious project of linking up with agencies in other states.The project, announced by former DGP P S Gill in August last year, could have seen Mohali police records linked with National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) helping them clamp down on inter-state criminals. But, the plan exists only on paper as no work has been started on it.Mohali senior superintendent of police (SSP) Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said, \"As Mohali is an important entry point for persons coming from Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and the rest of Punjab, criminals find it easy to commit a crime anywhere in Mohali and flee through one of the umpteen escape routes.\"Bhullar said the last few years have witnessed a numerous crimes being committed in Mohali by inter-state gangs which manage to evade the law because of lack of coordination among police wings of different states.\"The pilot project for linking Mohali district to NCRB was delayed due to unavoidable reasons initially. And later, it couldn't be taken up due to state assembly elections. Once the election results are out, we intend to get this project on track immediately,\" added the SSP. This would help Mohali police keep a check on inter-state criminals as records would be updated onto the national server on a daily basis.Bhullar said the widespread practice of parking vehicles on streets is another reason which emboldened criminals as they could steal a vehicle from Mohali, commit a crime in Chandigarh and then dump the vehicle in Panchkula or Zirakpur, escaping undetected from the Tricity.\"We would increase our night patrolling fleet soon and hopefully this would act as a deterrent against vehicle lifting in residential areas in Mohali,\" the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865760", "title": "2 women robbed of jewellery by thugs in police uniform", "text": "JAIPUR: In a series of frauds with identical modus operandi, two more women were robbed of their jewellery in one hour by thugs posing as policemen at Adarsh Nagar and Gandhi Nagar on Sunday. The victims - aged 55 and 65 - were lured into handing over their jewellery in such a way that they still don't believe they fell prey to it.Sixty-five-year-old Raj Bhatia was going to her neighbour's house from her home at Frontier Colony in Ashok Nagar police station area around 11 am, when two 'cops' on a bike stopped near her. \"She was barely some distance away from her house when the two men in police uniform told her wearing jewellery at a public place had been prohibited till February 26 due to increasing number of robberies in the area,\" said sub-inspector Ratan Lal.\"They gave Bhatia a piece of cloth and asked her to hand over the jewellery she was wearing to them, saying they would wrap it up in the piece of cloth and return it to her,\" the sub-inspector said.The duo also advised the woman to hold on to the bundle of jewellery tightly and go straight to her house.\"They told me to do so in such a convincing way that I could not doubt them. I handed the jewellery items, including two gold bangles, a gold chain and a bracelet, over to them. As soon as I gave the jewellery to the man sitting on the rear seat, they sped away leaving me in a rude shock,\" Bhatia told the police in her complaint later.Bhatia cried for help, but by the time neighbours came out, the thugs had disappeared.Malviya Nagar resident Suryaprabha Jain (55) was the other victim. She was to see a doctor at Janta Store in Bapu Nagar under Gandhi Nagar police station area around 11.30 pm. Her husband Ramjilal Jain is a share broker.\"While she was near the doctor's clinic, two men came to her and told her about the frequent incidents of robberies in the area recently,\" said assistant sub-inspector Ravindra Kumar.Similarly, the two men then tried to lure Suryaprabha into handing over the jewellery. \"But Suryaprabha was carrying a purse. She started putting her jewellery into it. Suddenly, one of the two men snatched gold earrings from her hands and they sped away. Rest of the jewellery was saved,\" said the officer.Several similar cases have been reported in the recent past with police failing to crack most of them.Modus operandi- The gang members posing as policemen will spot a vulnerable woman, preferably an elderly one, walking on a deserted road.-They will then tell the victim of recent robbery incidents with the women in the area, adding the police have prohibited women from wearing jewellery till a further date.-They will offer a piece of cloth to the victim telling her to give them the jewellery. They tell her that they would return the items after wrapping them up in the piece of cloth.-As soon as the victim hands over all her jewellery, they flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869664", "title": "Love is all around", "text": "With Valentine's Day lurking around the corner, it seems all the lovebirds of Chennai are preparing themselves for the big bang.And what better way to welcome the season of hugs and kisses than with some lovely songs? The crooners were in high spirits as they belted out hit number by the likes of Bruno Mars, Lady Antebellum, Seal, Bryan Ferry and more. As the mood got mushier, the songs followed suit. And who could complain, for it was Cupid who decided to play DJ. Amidst all the song and dance, the partygoers also nibbled on some appetite-whetting starters and sipped on some sparkling cocktails. Well, what a great way to kick start the season of love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870855", "title": "Celebrate a romantic Valentine\u2019s at home", "text": "For all those people who have been so busy all these days that you didn't get the time to arrange any surprise Valentine's party or gift for your beloved, here are some measures which you can use to make your partner happy .While it might be too late now to arrange for a special Valentine's day dinner or lunch at your beloved's favourite restaurant, it might still be a good idea to organise a special lunch or dinner at your own apartment. Cook for him/her some of their most favourite dishes if you are like a master chef in the kitchen. You may take the help of a friend to prepare the dishes.Once the cooking part is done, it's time to arrange all the ingredients which can make the occasion memorable for your partner. If your partner has classic tastes in love , you just can't go wrong with candles and some red wine during dinner time. In case he is a more outgoing free-spirited person, throw around the room some of the gifts he might have given you. When he enters your apartment, he will be especially touched with this gesture. But it would be a good idea to make him some gift and keep it somewhere he can find it easily when he settles in your apartment. Another great idea might be to throw around some of his favourite flowers around the apartment instead of giving him the usual rose bouquet. It leaves a sweet scent in the room and also brightens up the ambiance.Creating the perfect ambiance is another task which needs to be done meticulously. While dim lighting is classic, using colourful light bulbs around the dinner place can be fun. Choose your music carefully. If he's not the incurable-romantic, play music which is special to both of you in some way. Or you could also keep some fun tango music in the play list so you both can break into impromptu dance gigs. The idea, remember, is to make him feel happy - to be with you. Happy Valentine's Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871310", "title": "Denzel Washington rarely likes scripts", "text": "Denzel Washington never likes scripts he is sent.The 'Safe House' actor - who also directs and produces films, and has script approval - admits he is a \"logic monster\" and has to run through his parts with his movie colleagues before he is happy with them.He said: \"Nine times out of nine the script is not there, to my liking. And I'm a logic monster. If things don't make sense, I gotta make sense out of them, and you get into the process.Denzel has won two Oscars during his career, and he admits it may have made those who vote at the Academy Awards more aware of what other African-American actors were doing in their careers.He told The Observer: \"You have to have a part to play, first, that's the bottom line.\"You don't get nominated unless you have a great role to play and you interpret the role well. So maybe it shifted voters' attention to what certain African-Americans were doing. What Jamie Foxx did in Ray was phenomenal, it couldn't be denied.\"I think Forest winning was a bit more of a surprise. Jamie was almost a phenomenon - he was Ray. The fact that I'd won a couple of years earlier, maybe that did help for white voters to say, 'Hey, look at Jamie Foxx over here,' when they may not have prior to that. I don't know. But maybe, maybe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11865033", "title": "Panjra sarpanch, gram sevak arrested for funds misuse", "text": "GONDIA: The sarpanch and gram sevak of Panjra Gram Panchayat, Gondia surrendered before Rawanwadi police, after the court rejected their anticipatory bail. Sarpanch Chetandas Nagpure and gram sevak Dharmadas Turkar were accused of misappropriating Rs 4 lakh out of the central government funds received under the scheme of development of backward regions and.While Chetandas was arrested, Turkar has been admitted to KTS hospital under judicial custody in view of his sickness.According to sources, last year Panjra GP had received Rs 7 lakh for various works including construction of an anganwadi. But, the vice-president of GP and president of tanta mukti samiti Bhimrao Nagpure had alleged that Chetandas and Turkar had misappropriated Rs 4 lakh out of total funds. He had reported the matter to panchayat samiti.Later extension officer PS More visited the GP and tallied the accounts. He found a defalcation of Rs 4.80 lakh and submitted his report to the block development officer. But, no serious action was taken except suspending Turkar.On December 30, CEO Dr Yeshwant Gedam lodged a police complaint against Chetandas and Turkar. Following this Chetandas and Turkar were reported absconding. Their effort to get anticipatory bail was rejected by the court. Rawanwadi PI SD Pawar is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11866049", "title": "Tuticorin-Colombo ferry to resume soon", "text": "MADURAI: The secretary of Union ministry of shipping, K Mohandas, who visited Rameswaram on Sunday, has said that steps would be taken to resume ferry services between Tuticorin and Colombo, which were stalled for various reasons. He also said that the resumption of similar services between Rameswaram and Talaimannar in Sri Lanka, are being contemplated.Passenger ferry service started for the first time between Tuticorin port and Colombo in June last year. However, the services were terminated in less than six months in November last year, allegedly due to lack of patronage. A consortium between Flamingo Duty-free shopping and Tradex Shipping had made a bidding to operate the ferry 'Scotia Prince' for a period of seven years. The luxury liner, with nine decks and a capacity of 1,200 passengers and over 300 tonnes of cargo could not attract a viable number of passengers in spite of its facilities and less than airfare pricing. It was more sought after by the business fraternity, who found it a cheaper mode for transport of bulk cargo for trade reasons in that country.Officials said that the Tuticorin - Colombo ferry service, which was stopped for economic and legal reasons, would be resumed with a smaller vessel with lesser passenger capacity to enhance its economic viability. Sources said that Scotia Prince had been operating for less than quarter of its capacity during the last few months leading to vessel operators incurring a heavy loss. Also, the journey of nearly 14 hours in this big vessel was a too long for businessmen.Meanwhile, Mohandas said that the decision on the ferry service between Rameswaram and Talaimannar would be taken only after negotiations with the Sri Lankan government by the Central and the state governments.The Rameswaram - Talaimannar ferry service was a popular mode of transport between the two countries, before it was stopped in 1983 following the ethnic conflict in northern Sri Lanka. 'Ramanujam' was the last ferry, to be operated on this route. It used to take less than six hours to travel across the shallow Palk Bay. The port in Rameswaram was handed over to the Indian Navy after the ferry service stopped operating and recently, the jetty, which was renovated by the government. The Centre had also sought a feasibility study report over the resumption of services on this route, in 2010.On being asked about the Sethu Samudram project, the secretary said that suggestions on the alternative routes were pending before the court.Mohandas, who arrived in Rameswaram on Saturday evening, inspected the places in Palk Bay in a coast guard hovercraft, accompanied by officials of the port trust, including its chairman A Subbiah. The officer also offered worship in the Rameswaram temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866389", "title": "BJP: State helped builders in Rs 10,000cr airport plan", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the Opposition has been raking up corruption charges against the BJP-Shiv Sena, which is at the helm of the municipal corporation, Kirit Somaiya from the BJP retaliated by alleging that the state government had illegally tweaked the norms for land use, mismanaged funds and showered benefits on certain private builders in the Rs 10,000-crore Mumbai airport expansion plan.Calling the project a \"Rs 10,000-crore scam\", the BJP leader claimed that the MMRDA, the nodal agency for the work, had \"drafted a special plan for the sake of private developers\". \"The agency has increased the FSI of the airport land and changed the reservation for the plot. We will take this up with the Central Vigilance Commissioner, Comptroller and Auditor General of India and Lokayukta,\" Somaiya said on Sunday. He also claimed that the government agency was helping certain private builders get the slum rehabilitation projects for shanty dwellers on the airport land. The Centre, the state and private developers were working hand in glove, he alleged.Besides this alleged example of corruption, Somaiya cited 25 scams in the state for which the Congress government had been responsible, like the ones surrounding the Adarsh housing society, Vidarbha farmers' suicide relief fund, ULC land in Pune, cluster development plans and TDR.\"The Congress government will complete 13 years in the state. However, as many as 10 big projects including the Metro, MUTP, several flyovers, dredging and beautification of the Mithi, are yet to be completed. Their promises have remained unfulfilled,\" Somaiya said.\"There are at least four states, which are run by the Congress, and similar instances of land scams are being unearthed even in those states,\" he said. The Congress high command was surely involved in all the scams and a CBI inquiry should be conducted, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866199", "title": "Money stuck in Libya worries Indian evacuees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Overseas Indian workers evacuated from Libya in February last year are caught between a rock and a hard place. The workers, including medical and dental teachers, may lose salaries amounting to lakhs with the political and economic instability in the country threatening to devalue the currency.While some workers managed to bring home a few lakhs in Libyan dinars, there are others whose salaries are stuck in banks there.Dr Vipin Arora, a dental teacher who was working at the University of Tripoli, said he knew of about 50 people who had money stuck in the Libyan capital. \"We hope that some solution can be reached through the two governments,'' he said.The problem is compounded by the fact that banks have put a limit to the withdrawal allowed per individual in the current volatile atmosphere. A senior government official said, \"There are concerns that the currency may be devalued because the transitional government is still to find its feet.''India had evacuated 18,000 citizens from Libya in February and March 2011 following protests against the Muammar Gaddafi regime. The protests led to a violence in all major towns and overthrow of the dictatorial regime. India, like many other countries with overseas nationals working in Libya, was forced to evacuate people in a rush.According to sources, the issue had been taken up by the government that is trying to work out some way by which the Libyan dinar can be exchanged for Indian currency.Libya had a substantial number of unskilled and semi-skilled Indian workers in construction and oil companies. In fact, India has interests with state owned oil companies, construction and pharma companies that were running from Libya before civil war broke out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11867408", "title": "Rise of Islamism in Maldives a cause of worry for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: On May 27, 2009, a suicide attack on the ISI headquarters in Lahore had a relatively unknown bomber, Ali Jaleel, a Maldivian terrorist, who had joined al-Qaida some time earlier.It sent a chill through the Indian establishment, and India's fears of rising Islamism in the Maldives increased in 2010, when it was revealed that nine Maldivian terrorists had been arrested in Pakistan's South Waziristan agency, where they were training with al-Qaida and Taliban elements. Mohamed Nasheed, the deposed Maldives president, too, had gone on record in a TV interview to caution India that radicalized Maldivian youths were being indoctrinated and trained by Pakistan-based terror groups.In fact, some of the demonstrations before Mohamed Nasheed was overthrown were against the monuments donated by Saarc countries during the November summit, dubbing them \"un-Islamic\". In the chaos of the past week, radicals plundered through Maldives national museum, destroying rare ancient Buddhist statues.The threat of Islamist extremism in India's periphery has been growing, particularly in the past few years and more discernibly since 2008. For India, trying to restore peace and stability in Maldives, the events of the past week cannot be seen in the perspective of a mere internal political crisis.The new Maldivian president, Mohamed Waheed, on Sunday inducted seven new faces into his cabinet, including the first woman attorney-general Azima Shakoor. Most of the new faces belong to different parties, but all of them have a history of having been close to former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom. Gayoom, who many said was orchestrating the political crisis, is also expected to return to Maldives soon. Waheed has also appointed a couple of Islamist-leaning members, notably home minister Jaleel Ahmed.For the time being, India is urging a peaceful transition and restoration of stability before elections. This seems to be echoed by both the Waheed government as well as the US. But Nasheed has been pushing for snap elections and promises to keep the streets alive with his demonstrations.While India is fighting shy of appearing to intervene openly in Maldives, there is a debate on whether to let the Maldivians take the next steps themselves, or be \"helped\" by India. Proponents of a more hands-on Indian policy in Maldives argue that the current \"vacuum\" could only help the Islamists consolidate their position.The growth of Islamic radicalism in Maldives can be traced to the beginning of the last decade. Like in Bangladesh, Pakistani jihadi groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba have been making inroads to indoctrinate young men in a conservative Sunni society, that has been bogged down with slow growth, political authoritarianism (until 2008, certainly) and mushrooming madrassas with Arab funds.None of this is good news for India. Intelligence circles believe this is part of Pakistan's strategic outreach, to penetrate Islamic jihadism in India's periphery, which could be a constraining factor on India's own development.In an analysis, the US-based Jamestown Foundation wrote, \"The infiltration of Pakistani militants in the Maldives goes back to the post-tsunami period. The Pakistan-based Idara Khidmat-e-Khalq (IKK), a charitable front of the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), reached the Maldives in the wake of the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami under the guise of providing humanitarian services... According to intelligence sources, the IKK spearheaded LeT's activities in the Maldives, which focused on drawing youths into its fold. The IKK reported spending $282,000 in the Maldives, although the Maldivian government says the organization was never registered as a charitable group providing post-tsunami relief.\"Most of the Islamic ideology in Maldives is Ahle-Hadith, which is also the school followed by LeT. But Salafist ideologies are now also evident. Nasheed tried to make a deal with them and even had the Adhaalat Party, the Islamist party, as part of his coalition. In his interview with TOI, the new president Mohamed Waheed said, \"Our view is the best way of dealing with Islamist ideology is to engage with them and work with them. That, we believe is the right and democratic way to go about it.\"Maldives is particularly crucial because its geographical position situates it right in the middle of major sea routes in the Indian Ocean. But equally, a radicalized section of the tiny population of Maldives could make it so much easier for the ISI-Lashkar combine to use them as a staging ground for terror attacks against India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866818", "title": "A nightmare called toll plaza haunting Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: While more commuters returning from Delhi late in the night (after midnight) are complaining that they have to wait for at least 15-20 minutes in queue before crossing the 32-lane toll plaza on the expressway, neither the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd, nor the traffic police have been able to do much so far.As soon as restriction on heavy vehicles ends after 9pm, trucks and trolleys start entering all the lanes. Most drivers dont follow lane driving, leaving others to do a lot of manoeuvring to reach the toll gates. Both the DSC and the traffic police agree that the huge volume of heavy vehicles is the major cause of the mess.Recently, Gurgaon-bound commuters had a tough time crossing the Sirhol toll plaza because of some technical fault at the toll gates.The commuters further alleged that the two toll gates on the extreme left were not functioning and no marshal or traffic policeman could be seen around. When contacted, a DSC Ltd spokesperson confirmed that the two lanes were closed for some time on Wednesday night for preventive maintenance work. They informed that maintenance work is usually carried in the late hours, causing less inconvenience to commuters.The spokesperson said that lane segregation exercise is carried out daily and signboards have been put up requesting heavy vehicles to keep to the left. The same is also announced through our public address system. We have deployed a special patrolling vehicle that removes any vehicle parked wrongly..We are also experimenting with mobile ticketing system for heavy vehicles after 9pm to find out if that improves the processing rate. The firm is in the process of adding three more lanes at KM 24 toll plaza and another three at KM 42 toll plaza, added the spokesperson.Twelve lane assistants are usually there at the toll plaza to assist the 32 toll collectors. Traffic policemen are not available late in the night, said the spokesperson. Blaming the private concessionaire, DCP (Traffic) Bharti Arora said, We have been asking the firm to take corrective measures but to no avail. A zonal officer is posted on night duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867527", "title": "No roots of development in naxal-hit areas", "text": "The three Naxal-affected districts of Uttar Pradesh -- Sonbhadra, Chandauli and Mirzapur -- now seem to be coming out of the shadow of the menace. The backwardness and poverty of these districts helped Naxalism to take roots in the region . While the state machinery ignored the development issues, Naxals exploited the miseries of people.A strict vigil is still kept in these three districts given Naxal mobility along the borders of neighbouring states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.After 2004 Naugarh blast, Naxals have not been able to execute any major destructive plan in the region, mainly due to two-pronged strategy of the government -- development of basic infrastructure and aggressive policing. Though the basic infrastructure has improved to some extent, there has been no panacea for the daily problems faced by locals .Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012The state as well as the Central governments pumped in huge money into these districts under the Special Infrastructure Scheme (SIS), Security Related Expenditure (SRE) and other schemes. But, the utilisation of funds has raised many eyebrows. The development has been unbalanced . As a result, the condition of poor has deteriorated while the wealth of immigrants has risen.The disparity is clearly noticeable in Sonbhadra. While localities housing the immigrant population show signs of prosperity, those of the original inhabitants lie in languish. The district has four assembly segments. Barring Renukoot, where the industrial development has generated employment for locals, the remaining three segments remain largely underdeveloped .Ghorawal, where some crusher units operate in the name of industry , is mainly known for tomato cultivation. But, at times the tomato growers have to throw away huge quantity when there is surplus yield. Ramjanam, a tomato cultivator, says, \"For past many years we have been demanding some food processing units that can help in increasing earning of farmers and avoid wastage of tomato, but no attention has been paid.\" To avail better health service , locals have to go to either Mirzapur or Varanasi.Robertsganj, the other assembly segment, houses the district headquarters and is known as the core zone of Maoist menace. But, it lacks in facilities like higher and technical education, specialty hospitals and even entertainment. The power plants in Obra assembly constituency electrify many parts of the state but locals reel under power crisis. Roads are in a pitiable state and full of dust coming out of mines and crusher units along with ash and smoke from chimneys of power plans and other units. \"The vibrations following explosion in industrial units keep the locals terrorised,\" said Mani Pal, a local.Villages like Kamari Dand and Labari in Duddhi assembly segments are affected by waterborne diseases. People get drinking water from Rihand dam, which is getting polluted due to chemical disposal . Amarnath, a resident of Robertsganj, says, \"Crisis of water and compulsion of consuming polluted water is not limited to Obra, Renukoot and Duddhi; even residents of Robertsganj suffer badly.\" Locals say if the Kanhar dam project had not been lingering for 35 years, water problem could have been addressed .Entering Mirzapur, either from Chunar or Aurai side, one notices that ceramic pottery and carpet industry is on the decline . Chunar had over 200 ceramic pottery units. \"But, the increasing cost of coal and poor valuation of our products resulted the closure of the units,\" say Ashok Prajapai and Santosh Prajapati , who now make plaster of Paris idols to earn livelihood. Now only one ceramic pottery is functional in this area, with the business having shifted to Khurja. The carpet belt has also shifted towards weaving of cheap cost floor coverings like their counterparts in Bhadohi. The brass industry has also lost it glitter after the closure of many units while others have shifted to Moradabad.A visit to Chunar and Bhatauli ghats reveals how projects have fallen prey to political rivalries. The Mulayam Singh Yadav government had laid the foundation of two bridges on the Ganga. But, during the regime of Mayawati, only a few pillars were constructed on both banks of the river. Some crusher units operate in Marihan but do not generate enough employment . Big farm houses can be seen in areas along the Madhya Pradesh border in Chhanbey assembly but the interior areas present a picture of backwardness and poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865555", "title": "In Goa, the future's as bright as the notes are high", "text": "PANAJI: It was the second case of 'Three Sopranos' in two months. On January 4, Patricia Rozario, Joanne D'Mello and Susanna Hurrell gave a Three Tenors-style concert at Kala Academy. The popular format seems to be catching on, even with the younger brigade. On Saturday evening at the Goa State Museum auditorium in Patto, vocal instructor Juliana de Sa unleashed another set of 'Three Sopranos', a bunch of young, non-professional singers whose enthusiasm and spirit matched those of their senior counterparts despite the obvious gap in exposure, experience and training.It was no surprise that de Sa chose excerpts from Le Nozze di Figaro to open her wards' performance. Mozart's comic opera is close to her heart, as is evident from her successful staging of parts of it with a junior cast in February 2010. Back then, Kim Costa, Chriselle Mendonca and Karla de Sousa, Saturday's Three Sopranos, had played the characters of Susanna, the Countess and Cherubino, respectively.This time around, it was a different ball game. Mendonca, 20, kicked off proceedings with Deh Vieni, non tardar, a cautious start due to an obvious sore throat, which would eat up a couple of notes here and there as the evening went on. De Sousa's Non so piu was next, an up-tempo and lively aria, well executed by the 17-year-old. It was followed by Mendonca and Costa doing Sul'Aria in a partly-dramatic setting that had Costa perched on a chair. It wasn't quite clear what to make of the sudden change in setting.Showing no signs of nerves, De Sousa sailed through Massenet's Elegie comfortably. Costa then attempted Ah! Sweet mystery of Life by Herbert with aplomb, acing a challenging piece that had a considerable portion in the higher register. Schubert's Standchen was Mendonca's comeback piece; here, she appeared far surer. The Three Sopranos got together for their first-half finale , Sinding's Rustle of Spring, which featured pleasant vocal harmonies but not much power. At times, they struggled to be heard over the piano, played by Ingrid-Anne Nazareth.What de Sa told her students during the interval is a mystery, but the Three Sopranos came out in the second half brimming with confidence. De Sousa's playful exuberance and sure-footed vocals in Chabrier's I'm called Lazuli were infectious. Next was Puccini's O Mio Babbino Caro, perhaps the most popular aria of the soprano repertoire. Like all widely-heard songs, its margin of error is minimal since the smallest mistake would be magnified and recognized immediately, but Costa's gamble paid off admirably-she pocketed the high notes easily. Mendonca, who usually is a far better singer than her throat permitted on Friday, then sang Handel's immortal Lascia chio pianga, braving and nearly defeating the truant throat that again attempted to steal and shorten the notes.Towards the end, Costa, undoubtedly the best of the lot on Friday, sang Faure's Pie Jesu , followed by de Sousa singing Caccini's Ave Maria, where she sounded more nasal than necessary. In a forced attempt to bring all three to sing together, the programme ended with Delibes' Lakme duet, with Mendonca and Costa sharing one part and de Sousa taking charge of the other. A feeble demand for an encore was responded to with the Neapolitan standard Funiculi funicula, albeit in English.While the wisdom of a trio of under-20 non-professional singers giving recitals can easily be questioned, the 200-odd people who'd gathered for it had no such issues. There is no denying that Goa's young singers are in dire need of concert exposure, and de Sa was rightly lauded for ensuring it. The crowd, understanding this requirement, eagerly applauded each soprano's every song, clearly appreciating the efforts put in by the young trio and their teacher, under whose guidance the next generation of Goa's singers seems to be in safe hands.The Three Sopranos will perform again on Friday, February 17, at Art Chamber, Calangute, at 7:30 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865646", "title": "NCP still undecided on candidates", "text": "PANAJI: With a day left for filing of nominations, NCP state president Surendra Sirsat has withdrawn from the race for the party ticket in Mapusa leaving NCP North Goa district general secretary Armindo Braganza and \"outsider\" Ashish Shirodkar in the fray.Annoyed with Congress for imposing 'constituencies with candidates' upon them, NCP executive committee refused to accept Mayem constituency and decided to let Congress fight it themselves.The decision was made in an emergency meeting on Sunday by the NCP executive committee.\"We will be happy with six constituencies,\" state general secretary Avinash Bhosle told TOI.The reason NCP does not want Mayem is because both aspirants are Congressmen-home minister Ravi Naik's son Roy and Panaji deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar. The latter is backed by Atanasio Monserrate, Vishwajit Rane and Pandurang Madkaikar. \"Whoever is denied the ticket, will fight as an independent, split votes and lose the constituency. It is better the Congress fight Mayem themselves,\" said Bhosle.In the third undecided constituency of Porvorim, NCP executive committee has decided that the party must not field an \"outsider\" but give it to either of the two NCP aspirants-Fermeena Khaunte or Prabhu Moni.NCP coordinator for Goa, Praful Hede told TOI that these decisions and sentiments of the executive committee are being forwarded to the party high command, which will finalize the candidates by tonight.An aspirant for the Mapusa ticket told TOI that till about 6pm, the party was inclined to give the ticket to Braganza. By 8.30pm, Shirodkar's name was gaining momentum. \"Its all about vitamin M,\" said the NCP man, meaning one needs lot of money to get the ticket.Bhosle also said NCP is still demanding Cortalim for its candidate Ramakant Borkar. If not, the alliance partners can have a friendly fight by fielding their respective candidates and whoever wins, will support the coalition. The high command will decide by tonight, Bhosle said.NCP has already finalized candidates in Saligao (Suresh Parulekar), Sanguem (Yuri Alemao), Vasco (Jose Philip D'Souza) and Tivim (Nilkanth Halarnkar).Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11861143", "title": "Valentine's Day: No fear of moral policing this time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Valentine's Day, love birds in the capital can express their affection without any fear of moral policing from several right wing organisations, who have decided not to play spoilsport this time,even as police warned of action against anyone taking the law into their hands.Outfits like the Bajrang Dal, Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Shiv Sena say they do not want the youth to indulge in \"immoral acts\" but have no intentions of taking on thousands of couples who will celebrate Valentine's Day on Tuesday.However, they have demanded that police take \"legal action\" if anyone acts indecent in the public and asked youths to not to indulge in \"immoral acts\" on Tuesday.\"If youth select one day to express their love, we don't have any issues with it. Expressing the love in the boundaries of the social norms is a sign of true love,\" a Bajrang Dal spokesman said.Delhi state convenor of Bajrang Dal Shiv Kumar asked youth not to \"indulge in indecent and immoral acts in public places like park, malls, markets, pubs and discos in the name of Valentine's Day\".The activists said they were not against celebrating Valentine's Day but were only opposed to \"immoral and indecent\" acts.Ecohing their views, VHP activists said youngsters should not indulge in \"immoral behaviour\" at public places.A VHP spokesman said they have written letters to various pubs and restaurants asking them not to organise any programmes or allow any kind of immoral activity during the Valentine's Day.Delhi Police said moral policing would not be allowed by outfits during the celebrations and warned of action against those indulging in such activities.A senior police official said a large contingent of personnel would be deployed in the capital to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11866289", "title": "UP polls: Over 300 choose right to abstain", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission's sustained effort to increase voter awareness has borne fruit. However, with improved voter turnout being recorded in the first two phases of elections in UP, several people have also exercised their right to abstain from exercising their franchise.UP's assistant chief electoral officer, Mrityunjay Kumar Narayan, said, \"In the first phase, 328 people expressed a desire to abstain from voting for candidates. Although final numbers of the second phase are not known, the EC received information about at least 10 people using the abstention clause in Gorakhpur.''In other words, the largely ignored provision of Rule 49 (O) of the Representation of People Act (RPA) was put to use in many places. In Gorakhpur's Chargava, 60-year-old Draupadi Mani Tripathi, her son Dhananjay Mani Tripathi and daughter-in-law Nutan Tripathi went to the presiding officer seeking to exercise right to reject under the provisions of rule.\"We did not find anyone listed in the ballot sheet capable of representing us. We wish to reject all of them. Kindly put this on record,\" the three members of the Tripathi family wrote in the register. Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said, \"Rule 49 (O) entitles a voter to put on record that he or she wishes to abstain from voting; and this is formally taken into account in the electoral records.\"Complaints, however, were registered in at least four constituencies in Sitapur, where voters were allegedly disallowed from abstaining by using 49 (O). Akhil Bharatiya Matadhikari Sangh representative PN Kalki said, \"Election officials were taken by surprise when many voters arrived at polling booth and demanded that the presiding officers endorse their right to abstain from voting. However, in many cases, voters were forced to cast their vote for one or the other candidate.''Following complaints from at least 60 booths in Hargaon in Sitapur and one each from Biswa, Maholi, Leherpur and Sitapur main, the organisation also submitted a memorandum to Sitapur's district election officer, along with a copy to state CEO Umesh Sinha.Kalki said, \"We have demanded a repoll in the booths where voters were forcibly not allowed to sign the 17A register and abstain from voting. ''Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869923", "title": "Vijay bonds with Sanjay", "text": "The ongoing strike has given the otherwise busy Tamil film industry a welcome break.On Saturday, during the semifinal match of the ongoing cricket league involving Tamil and Telugu actors, we spotted actor Vijay finding time to bond with his son Sanjay on the field. The two of them were seen keenly following the game and cheering for the Tamil actors, who eventually managed to emerge victorious. Vijay's ongoing film, Thuppaki, has kept him busy shooting in places like Mumbai, giving him little time to stay at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11866035", "title": "Ex-Cong MP booked for property fraud", "text": "MADURAI: A former Congress member of parliament and his relatives were booked for property fraud, based on a court order, according to police sources. Rajeswaran, who represented Ramanathapuram in the Lok Sabha, has been booked for allegedly taking away the properties of his brother-in-law Tirumalairaj worth Rs 1 crore.Tirumalairaj (47) from K Pudur area approached the magistrate court recently with a petition in which he had mentioned that Rajeswaran had taken him forcibly to the Tallakulam sub-registrar's office and threatened him to sign a gift deed on May 22, 2010. They had taken away the properties that belonged to him in Madurai, Sivaganga and Virudhunagar districts. He had also mentioned that Rajeswaran's wife, Selvasundari, their son Rajesh Kumar and three others were involved in the case. Though he had lodged a police complaint last year, the police failed to take any action on the complaint, which is the reason he approached the court.He urged the court to order the police to take action on his complaint. Magistrate in-charge Uma Maheswari from JM - 1, who heard the case, ordered the police to file a case and look into it. Police said the Central Crime Branch has booked a case against Rajeswaran, his wife, son and three others based on the direction of the magistrate. The police are investigating further but are yet to arrest anyone in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11867029", "title": "Snowfall buries Himachal under worry", "text": "MANALI: Facing the severest winter season in recent times, residents of snow-affected regions in Himachal Pradesh are longing for sunny days after two months of continuous snowfall.The worst-affected people have been those living in the far-flung areas of the state, they have been totally cut-off from rest of the country. Even most of the tourist towns that otherwise reaped in rupees in this weather are in dire straits. The chill and mounting snow has paralyzed all work, creating many problems. Facing traffic slippery roads, mountain people are fighting with power cuts and frozen water lines.Burning firewood day and night to escape cold, there were concerns regarding depleting wood stocks. Fodder stock for cattle was also low.\"We used to pray to god for good snowfall in the past but now everybody wants end to it,\" an upset resident of Majhach village, Pyare Ram, said. Saying that they could not do any outdoor work in such bleak weather, he added that people just spent days cooking variety of dishes, visiting neighbours and watching television programmes.More than half the apple orchards of Kullu-Manali are yet to be pruned and weeded. Manali's prominent apple grower Roshan Thakur said, \"We have less than a month to complete all works like pruning and weeding. But weather is not allowing us to enter the orchards. Insufficient sunlight may result in many fungal diseases in the plants.\"The tourism industry is in a dizzy. Cancellations of flights have affected the high-end visitors. With frozen water lines and biting cold, hoteliers are not able to provide their guests with best services. \"Shortage of water is the main problem here. Tourists complain room heaters are not sufficient to keep their rooms warm. Some are not even keen to go out in snowfall,\" said Old Manali hotelier Rakesh Thakur.Real winters are back, say elderlytimes news networkManali: These are the real winters, say city's senior citizens. Claiming the weather cycle has once again rotated back to mid-20th century, a few of them said snowing for weeks or month was a normal thing at that time.\"I had last witnessed such snowfall in 1991 winters but it was a normal thing 40 years ago,\" says Chhape Ram, 88. \"I have noticed this kind of weather after two decades. However, snowfall for two continuous months was not a new thing in mid-20th century,\" he said.Another octogenarian from Manali, Sarvdayal Sharma, believes the nature was returning back to its real state. He adds, \"Good snowfall is good for our region where everything depends on it. New generation may face problems due to its new form but it is normal thing for us. But, if it is happening due to global warming , then it could be a reason for worry.\"More than 30 feet snowfall on Rohtang PassManali: Rohtang Pass, situated at a height of 13,050 feet, has received more than 30 feet of snow this winter, Border Roads Organization (BRO) officials said. Gulaba, 24 km from Manali, has received around 10 feet snow.Rohtang Pass is inaccessible due to heavy snowfall but according to BRO, more than 30 feet snow had accumulated here. If it snows constantly till the end of March, snowfall on Rohtang may break records of many decades, which probable would delay the opening of the Manali-Leh highway but give a new life to almost dying glaciers at nearby places.Adding thickness to the ski slopes of Solang Valley, 1.5 feet fresh snow was recorded here. Winter games lovers were happy that they would be able to enjoy skiing, snowboarding till late April here. Manali city received only three inches snowfall on Sunday. It was snowing here continuously but the rain was not allowing it to accumulate easily.Kullu deputy commissioner BM Nanta said if snowfall did not stop till Monday morning and cold conditions continued he may have to announce emergency closure of schools for some days. \"I'm in regular contact with officers from every part of the district. I've advised administration and police to keep an eye on movement of people, mostly at isolated areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11867223", "title": "City's rural belt faces capital sentence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tharu hutments in Banthra bazaar of Sarojininagar here are a sharp contrast to the double-storyed brick and mortar houses in the locality. A cluster of 20-odd thatched huts, with dingy surroundings, speak volumes about the political neglect in Banthra. The pradhan never visits the community and the latter are now discouraged to discuss their problems with her. \"Thanks to the fact that we are living on the gram sabha land, else we have been driven out from here as well,\" says Rambaks.In a 500-family strong community, which has always lived in Banthra, a new hope is emerging. A 15-year old physically challenged girl has been enrolled in an intermediate college and a class 12 passout boy has moved to Delhi in search of a better opportunity. \"This brings hope, more so because our children have always been discriminated against in schools. Teachers send them back home,\" says Kharan. Looking at the community's social and financial health and political apathy towards them, the future of their children, even those good in academics, still appears bleak.Though Tharus predict a fight between the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party in the area, giving an idea about their political awareness, they can't pick up a candidate who will do \"something\" for them. Bathara, which falls under Sarojininagar constituency, hasn't developed over the years. There are several villages which haven't been electrified. Ramgarhi village on the Lucknow-Kanpur highway, about 25 km from Lucknow, is one of them. \"We never got electricity here though promises were made umpteen number of times,\" says Prem Shankar Rawat.Politicians are making round of the village but fail to instil any hope in natives about electricity. Some people, especially the ones setting up smaller factories, or brick kilns, in the vicinity, have got power infrastructure put up through individual efforts. But, the majority has been left out. The farmers are dependent on pumping sets and engines for their farm chores. \"We pay Rs 120 per hour for that,\" says Hari Ram.The village has an intermediate college in Banthra, about seven kilometer away. And the nearest health centres are at Banthra, about seven kilometer away and Harauni, about five kilometre away. Children willing to study beyond class 12 go to Lucknow. \"It's easier for boys but not for girls,\" says Bikram, a local. None of the villagers have seen their pradhan, Shanti Tiwari, ever. Though her brother-in-law keeps coming to village, he hasn't brought any major development. The village with 350 voters is not the only one with basic facilities like nullah and kharanja missing. Dayalkhera, Bangali khera, Leelakhera are other villagers with a dismal state of development. Moving towards Bijnor area, picture appears even grimmer.Mohd Shakeel, a potter, shows a single handpump in the area, which has some 50-60 families living, as the only sign of development. \"Most of us work as labourers as there is no other work available,\" says Ghasitelal Maurya. Bijnor has some 8,000 voters, with not even a single Thakur family. At some places, people show the concrete road as the only development in last five years.\"This was constructed by BSP after winning zila panchayat elections,\" said Nandkishore Rawat. Coming to the political fight, people pitch SP against BSP. Mohd Irsha Khan, the two-time MLA (2002 and 2007) from Sarojininagar, is called 'Switch off Vidhayak' by people. \"He never ever visited the constituency and his phone was always switched off,\" says Tapte. But, this time around people, in rural areas, see a big fight between SP and BSP candidates. Some of the villagers also root for Babloo Singh, contesting on RSP ticket, despite the fact that he is a first-time contestant. His wife has won panchayat elections twice. What villagers most vociferously demand, is more employment opportunities. \"How long can we sustain working as petty labourers. But, nobody listens to us,\" says Bikram.Though problems are similar in urban areas of Sarojininagar, people predict a different fight. \"Considering the fact that few urban voters have been added this time, BJP appears to be a gainer,\" says Munna Lal, a trader in Vijaynagar. Most residents are fed up with dilapidated roads in Sarojininagar. \"Traffic bottlenecks and lesser city buses hit us hard,\" says Sunita Sharma, a resident of Aashiana. People also express anger over BSP's construction spree. \"It's a wastage of public money. The money could have been used for constructing flyovers,\" says Sujeet Yadav, a resident of LDA colony. The urban voters are conscious about their vote. \"I will give it to the party that brings development. No caste equations will work for us,\" says Nihal Rastogi.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870389", "title": "100 candidates barred from ComedK exam", "text": "BANGALORE: Confusion reigned at the 27 ComedK PGET examination centres across the city, as over 100 students could not write the test on Sunday afternoon: the issue was ID proof that students were expected to carry to their respective test centres.At most of the centres, some students turned up with either photocopies of their ID proof or without their photographs. Students and parents claimed that ComedK did not clarify that an original ID proof was to be produced. Most of the students who were barred from entering the examination hall, were from outside Karnataka.\"I came all the way from Chhattisgarh for ComedK, but was not allowed to enter. I had all other documents, but I was carrying a photocopy of my ID proof. ComedK never mentioned that an original is needed. I went all the way back to where I'm staying to get my original ID proof and came back at 2.30pm, but was not allowed to enter,\" said a student, who was at MS Ramaiah College for the entrance exam.This centre alone did not allow entry to at least 15 students over similar confusion. There were some students who lost their baggage while travelling from different states for the test.\"You cannot spoil a student's career over such flimsy reasons. They should have allowed these students to appear for the test and could have verified the details later. A little variation with documents should be taken into consideration,\" said Ajay Shukla, a parent from Maharashtra.WE WERE BEING VIGILANT: COMEDKAS Srikanth, chief executive, ComedK, said, ''If there wasn't enough clarity from our side, what about those who appeared with the correct documents? Exams and elections should be carried out carefully and under strict vigilance. We could not have allowed those who did not have the desired documents, to write the exam. There will be no re-examination for these students and they will have to wait till next year.'' The test was conducted at 27 centres across Bangalore, and the total number of candidates who attended was 16,593 (90.09% of the 18,418 who applied).REMEMBER THISThe answers are available on the ComedK website, and the last date for submitting objections for key answers is February 16. Test scores will be published on February 22, and the last date for filing objections is February 24. The final rank list will be out on the website by February 29.NUMBERS TALKApplications received from Karnataka candidates: 4,072Applications from candidates outside Karnataka: 14,346Candidates applied for medical: 12,909Candidates applied for dental: 5,509Total No. of male students: 10,241Total No. of female candidates: 8,177", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866605", "title": "Man held in Samjhauta blast case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another arrest in the Samjhauta Express blast case, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has taken into custody an Indore-based man for his alleged role in the 2007 train attack.The arrest of Kamal Chouhan, believed to be a close aide of Ramji Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange, key accused in the case, came after he was asked to appear before the NIA headquarters here following summons served at his home at Depalpur Tehsil in Indore in Madhya Pradesh, official sources said on Sunday.Intense questioning of the accused was underway to ascertain the whereabouts of Sange and Kalsangra, on whom the agency has announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh, the sources said. The NIA had already charged Swami Aseemanand, Sadhvi Pragya, Sunil Joshi (now dead), Sandeep Dange, Lokesh Sharma and Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji for triggering the explosions in the Samjhauta Express on February 2007 in which 68 people were killed.The train operates between Delhi and Lahore in Pakistan. His questioning also focussed on the murder of Joshi, a case which was also taken over by the NIA in June last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11866612", "title": "It is time for freedom struggle against corruption: Malimath", "text": "DHARWAD: The chairman of Karnataka Law Commission and former chief justice of high court Justice V S Malimath on Sunday said that time had come for people to launch agitations to free the country from corrupt politicians and bureaucrats.Speaking at the inauguration of the silver jubilee celebration of Hurkadli Ajja Shikshana Samiti's K S Jigalur Arts and Sheshagiri College of Commerce for Women here on Saturday he said that the three pillars of democracy - legislature, executive and judiciary- had lost the faith of the citizens of the country with allegations of large scale corruption haunting them.\"The elected representatives are busy making a fortune for themselves as early as possible. They go to any extent to achieve their objective. As a result the administration and development activities have taken a beating. It is time the citizens launch a second freedom struggle to free the country from these elements and assure a bright future for younger generation,\" said the former CJ.Earlier, Justice Malimath unveiled the portraits of the founders of the institution, Hurkadli Ajja, their disciples N M Patil, R L Angadi, M P Hosamani, M C Bandi and H S Hosamani.Speaking on the occasion, principal Bharati Hiremath informed that the college had received the 'College with potential for excellence' tag from the University Grant Commission (UGC) under its XI plan.\"The college has so far has received financial grant to the tune of Rs 2 crore from UGC,\" she added.Samithi President M S Sheshagiri presided. Pontiff of Samsthana Mutt Mundargi Annadaneshwar Swami graced the occasion. Advocate M C Bandi welcomed the gathering. Shanta Patilkulkarni proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866028", "title": "When will netas stop emotional blackmail?", "text": "A great debate is raging among senior members of Congress party whether or not Sonia Gandhi shed tears after seeing the pictures of Batla House encounter. Law minister Salman Khurshid said she did. Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh said she did not. Khurshid toned down his statement to say she became emotional. Another said she only promised legal action.Whatever be the truth, the three-and-a-half-year-old encounter in Jamia Nagar area in Delhi continues to be remembered by politicians as another election juggernaut rolls. The encounter happened in a busy Muslim locality on September 19, 2008. Two suspected terrorists allegedly belonging to Indian Mujahideen were killed and two more arrested while another escaped. Leader of the Delhi Police team, Inspector Mohan Chand Sharma, died in the operation.The encounter was termed fake by Digvijay Singh, who kept on reiterating it despite the National Human Rights Commission absolving Delhi Police. Singh still rants about the fake encounter despite home minister P Chidambaram maintaining that it was a genuine one.On January 12, Chidambaram said, \"After looking into the matter, after I took over as home minister, we came to the conclusion that the encounter was a genuine encounter... every authority who has looked into it has agreed that it was a genuine encounter. So, while there is a difference of opinion, I think the matter rests where it stands today. I do not thing there is any scope for reopening the matter.\"The encounter happened six days after Delhi was rocked by serial blasts on September 13, 2008. The blasts killed 30 and injured over 100. Did the pictures of the victims bring tears or emotions in any politician? Do they even remember that there were families who were orphaned and parents who lost their children?Elections are traditionally a game of wooing voters through emotions and promises. Over the years, Muslims have been bombarded with such emotional promises because politicians believe that they vote en masse. Probably, that is the reason for politicians to remember just before the polls how the party president shed tears, became emotional or promised legal action on seeing the pictures of those killed in Batla encounter.The families of those who lost their lives in bomb blasts will not form part of any group good enough to tilt the scales in the elections.In R C Poudyal vs Union of India [1994 (1) (Suppl) SCC 324], the Supreme Court had pointed out that mixing religion with politics or state administration had devastating effect on the fabric of the nation. It said though the Constitution had allowed reservation to the legislature for Scheduled Castes and Tribes because of their historical backwardness, it had never permitted reservation on religious lines.The court had said, \"It is true that some special rights have been envisaged in the Constitution for handicapped classes but this has been done only to offset the disadvantage the classes suffer from, and not for bringing another kind of imbalance by making virtue out of minority status. The Constitution, therefore, has taken precaution to place rigid limitations on the extent to which this weightage can be granted, by including express provisions instead of leaving the matter to be dealt with by subsequent enactments, limitations both by putting a ceiling on the reservation of seats in the legislatures and excluding religion as the basis of discrimination.\"To ignore these limitations is to encourage small groups and classes which are in good number in our country on one basis or the other to stick to and rely on their special status as members of separate groups and classes and not to join the mainstream of the nation and be identified as Indians.\"The time has come for politicians to discuss how much they have done to uplift the minorities and backward classes educationally and economically and not worry, nor shed tears, over their plight which has remained unchanged or marginally altered in the last few decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11871702", "title": "Salman Khurshid on EC row: Priyanka hopes for early resolve", "text": "LUCKNOW: Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, daughter of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, on Monday expressed the hope that the row between law minister Salman Khurshid and the Election Commission on his statement on the sub-quota for Muslims will be sorted out.\"These things do happen during elections... One is free to voice his opinion during elections. So is the Election Commission,\" Priyanka said while campaigning in Rae Bareli, the Lok Sabha constituency of her mother Sonia Gandhi.\"Hope the matter will be sorted out,\" she added.The controversy was triggered by a letter from the poll panel to President Pratibha Patil on Saturday, complaining about Khurshid's \"defiant\" attitude on his remarks on providing a job quota for minorities.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) wants the minister be sacked.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870275", "title": "DOE agrees to probe student\u2019s admissions complaint", "text": "The US Department of Education's recent decision to investigate a complaint of alleged racial bias in Harvard's and Princeton's undergraduate admissions against an Indian American has prompted a broad discussion of how prevalent the practice may be.\"I am certain that there is a correlation between race and (college) acceptance,\" Chirag Patel, a college student in the Los Angeles , Calif., area, told India-West. \"These days, it is mandatory for colleges to generate diversity on their campuses and with acceptance rates slowly diminishing, college administrators are obligated to divide acceptance by race,\" he said.\"If Latinos or other ethnic groups get a score of 1900 on the SAT, the people reviewing the application may think it's great. But if an Asian American gets a 1900, they may not accept the individual,\" a community college student who wished to remain anonymous told India-West.Asian Americans are expected to perform at a high rate, simply because of the influence of Asian American parents, noted the Indian American. \"Since our parents are strict, and expect more from us, we perform better academically,\" he added.On Jan. 11, the DOE's Office for Civil Rights decided it would take on a complaint filed by an Indian American high school student last August that alleged that both Harvard and Princeton rejected him because of his race.A Department of Education spokesperson confirmed that the complaint had been made to OCR, but that they are prohibited under federal privacy laws to identify people involved in civil rights cases, especially complainants.\"Because the complaint raised substantially identical allegations as an existing compliance review underway at Princeton, OCR is considering the complainant's Aug. 17 allegations in conjunction with the ongoing compliance review there. This compliance review is still under investigation,\" the spokesperson told India-West.According to Bloomberg News , the student's father noted that his son was one of the top students at his high school.\"As a general matter, it is important to understand that Harvard College regularly receives far more applications for enrollment than we have places to offer - indeed, for the class of 2015, the College was able to offer admission to only 6.3 percent of its applicants,\" Harvard University senior communications officer Jeff Neal told India-West via e-mail.\"Consequently, there are inevitably many strong candidates who will be disappointed. Our review of every applicant's file is highly individualized and holistic, as we give serious consideration to all of the information we receive and all of the ways in which the candidate might contribute to our vibrant educational environment and community,\" he added.According to Harvard University's admissions Web site, the freshman minority class of 2015 consists of 12 percent African Americans, 18 percent Asian Americans, 12 percent Hispanic or Latino and two percent Native American or Pacific Islanders.The admissions committee does not resort to one aspect of a candidate's portfolio; but the committee does consider involvement in extracurricular activities and work experience in addition to academic excellence, according to a list of frequently asked questions on Harvard's Web site.According to Princeton's Web site, roughly 37 percent of the undergraduate student body is made up of American minorities. The student body is made up of one percent American Indians, 19 percent Asians, eight percent Black or African Americans, seven percent Hispanic/Latinos, 11 percent non-resident aliens, five percent two or more races and 49 percent Whites, according to the College Board.\"We treat each application individually and we don't discriminate on the basis of race or national origin,\" Princeton University spokesperson Martin A. Mbugua told India-West via e-mail.\"We seek to enroll and we do enroll classes that are diverse by many measures. We make admission decisions on a case-by-case basis in our efforts to build a well-rounded, diverse class. SAT scores are only one of the many factors that we take into account,\" he said.Princeton is aware of the complaint and will provide the Office for Civil Rights with the information requested, said Mbugua.According to the Associated Press, Asian students often have higher SAT scores than other ethnic groups. A study by Princeton sociologist Thomas Espenshade, which focused on college applicants from 1997, revealed that Asian Americans needed a 1550 SAT to have an equal chance of getting into an elite college as white students with a 1410 or black students with an 1100, reported AP.According to the College Board , the middle 50 percent of first-year college students at Princeton received 700-790 in critical reading, 710-800 in math and 700-790 in writing. For those applying to Harvard, 50 percent of first-year college students received 690-790 in critical reading, 700-800 in math and 690-790 in writing.Several college students from the San Francisco Bay Area also offered their insight on whether Asian Americans are at a disadvantage when including their race while filing out application forms for colleges and universities.Adil, a student at UC Berkeley, who chose not to reveal his last name, noted that he was somewhat hesitant in including his race when applying to Ivy League schools.\"I applied to MIT, but didn't mark 'Asian American' because I thought it would put me at a disadvantage,\" he told India-West.James, a UC Berkeley Asian American student, told India-West, \"I don't think the admissions process is balanced. There is no transparency in how students are chosen.\" \"Even though I don't have proof , I felt that being an Asian American male put me at a great disadvantage when applying to graduate school,\" he added.-- Monica LuharCourtesy: India-West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869828", "title": "Anna Hazare is India's destiny: Kiran Bedi", "text": "Kiran Bedi - The name itself makes me stand in attention. But it's funny how perception changes with time. When we were young drivers, me and my brother were scared of 'Crane Bedi's' 'strict traffic police raj' in Chandigarh. When I became a journalist, she was a part of the news we delivered. When I came to Sydney , I learnt more about her when I interviewed Australian filmmaker Megan Doneman who spent six years making a documentary on her called 'Yes Madam Sir'.With age, our personalities do grow and perception does change. From being scared of her, I started admiring this incredible woman and never even imagined how one day she will make me proud of being an Indian. The day I interviewed her, my yoga teacher advised all of his students to watch the premiere of 'Yes Madam Sir' and how she reformed prisoners with yoga and vipassana meditation. And there I was, raising my hand once again as a young kid but a proud woman - to tell my Aussie and Indian friends who Kiran Bedi is and how she became India's first woman police officer.Kiran Bedi joined the police force in 1972 and became the first woman police officer in IPS. During her tenure, she worked as a deputy inspector general of police in Mizoram, advisor to lieutenant governor of Chandigarh, director general of Narcotics Control Bureau to a UN, and inspector general of prisons in Tihar Jail where she instituted a number of reforms in prison management. She is also known as 'Crane Bedi' as she towed away then PM Indira Gandhi's car for a parking violation once. Awarded with the highest recognitions, she is also involved in many social causes and is now one of the prominent members of the 'India Against Corruption' along with Anna Hazare.Know more about the lady of steel from excerpts from the interview whose every word is an inspiration and dedication to her hard work.Q: Kiranji, you have made the impossible possible. How do you keep yourself positively charged?A: I keep myself charged with personal discipline. Become a personal witness of yourself, be your own driver. Self-audit, self-correction is important. I also get a lot of inspiration from reading. Not a favourite book, but from the newspaper. It is my daily nutrition where I get lots of information. These days I'm reading books on the independence movement and how India became corrupt with vessels coming from Vasco De Gama and they started bribe. How East India united and got corrupted, how they broke and created spies. Never forget that India was 'soni ki chidiya'. Somewhere there is always something to learn.Q: You have recently been in the news for your fight against corruption with Anna Hazare. Please tell us more about Team Anna.A: Anna Hazare is India's destiny. He was destined to fight. India is losing on corruption; we are down by less that 2% in GDP, the nexus is corruption. We have become his immediate associates and formed the Team Anna. The core committee is spread over 100 cities and we are all asking for an assistance change.Q: Did your fight against corruption and injustice affect your personal life?A: Tremendously, I don't know what a Sunday is in the past 14 months. I have been travelling, thinking, going on TV debates, countering hostility and analyzing. I have missed my tennis and have not been able to spend time with family, my sisters live in Canada and England. I'm giving these months to my cause, but it asked every bit of myself. The fight is still it on. Few of the police officers may be a part of them. They will know where to take it, the resistance is tremendous, Opposition is powerful, and this has been one of my most difficult fights. But this is beyond my control. This is a fight of an ant in front of a king, but the difference is it's a swarm of educated ants, and the ants are biting the king.Q: How was your US experience different to your various experiences in India?A: To me the UN is a hope, the better it performs, the world performs. The UN is the only international hope left, they are the moral force. For example when I see their corruption cleared in 2003 while India has signed in 2011, I feel the importance of how one must continue to exercise international entities. The law has to become equal and UN can be the only agency that can be the voice. They are an important destination, having worked with them I know their capability and how you apply the roles and what you do with the review.Q: There is a lot said about how you reformed prisoners with and yoga and vipasana meditation. How did the prisoners react initially?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11866705", "title": "Crime graph rising oncity fringes", "text": "KOLKATA: The rising crime on the southern fringes of the city - the area which came under Kolkata Police's jurisdiction around five months ago - is forcing senior police officers to set up a separate wing of detective department for this added area. With a separate crime wing, officers are also looking for an independent control room for better mobilization of force.After taking over the area, which earlier was known as south industrial zone under South 24-Paraganas district police, Kolkata Police divided the area into 17 police stations. Earlier, there were only nine police stations for the area. Even after setting up eight more police stations, the average area under each police station in this expanded area is more than the jurisdiction of a single police station in the city proper.Senior officers admitted that new police stations do not yet have sufficient man power and logistic support, which is causing lack in vigil. And at the same timeKolkata Police, too, could not increase the strength of its detective department - the wing dedicated to prevent and detect crime.In the past five months,The crime charts of the new police stations reveal that in the past few months, the number of preventable crimes (snatching, robbery, burglary, theft, extortion) is more than that under the old police stations. Some of them were daring which challenge the rule of law.In January third week, a gang of bike-borne robbers shot at a woman to snatch a chain from her at Kasba. Police are yet to find out who the miscreants are. Two days ago, in a similar incident, a group of robbers barged into a house at Kasba and looted valuables after gagging and tying up an elderly woman. A week ago, Kolkata Police managed to round up a group of snatchers who admitted that they were involved in more than eight snatching cases mostly on these southern fringes where vigil is not tight as city proper.These crimes are known as preventable crimes as proper vigil; good criminal network can stop such crimes. Kolkata Police's detective department has specialized wings like anti-burglary, anti-snatching, anti-rowdy squads to rein in such crimes and men from watch section deals with miscreants like pick pocket, lifters.Before expansion, each of these squads of detective department had two inspectors, 10-12 SIs and 15-20 constables. But after expansion, none of this sections was sanctioned any additional force. The officers informed their superiors that despite having specific information about a criminal often they are missing him as officers are reaching late to the spot which are far away from the Lalbazar police HQ. \"Even we failed to build up proper network as we have no set up in the new area,\" said an officer.Senior officers of city police hinted that the new set up have chances to be headed by a deputy commissioner as detective department is entitled to engage two deputy commissioners. Now Kolkata police have one deputy commissioner. Under his supervision, each section may get an inspector for the new set up, hinted an officer. But to functional the proposed set up additional force are needed, and till completion of the recruitment of new officers it can't start. \"We have asked government for 7000 additional force. Fresh recruitment process is on and soon nearly 1700 additional personnel will join city police,\" said PK Chatterjee, Addl CP IV", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871852", "title": "Yogi gives Dhanush\u2019s concert a miss!", "text": "Actor Yogi misses the Kolaveri star's concert in the city today because of his shootsEver since Sandalwood actor Yogi entered the film industry, he's been compared to the Kolaveristar Dhanush. Let alone their similarity in looks, Yogi has been part of several remakes of the Kollywood actor in Kannada as well. Being a self-confessed fan of the Tamil star, Yogi is upset about missing the Kolaveri concert that's happening in the city today.The actor, who is basking in the success of his latest release Sidlingu opposite Ramya, is currently shooting in Kolar. \"I've always been flattered by the comparisons made between Dhanush and I. He's an extremely talented actor. I've spoken to him over the phone only twice and I will be missing the opportunity to meet him in person this time too!\" says Yogi who is keen to meet him someday!Meanwhile, Yogi is also signed to play the lead role in the Kannada remake of the Telugu super-hit Bindaaswhich had Manoj Manchu and Sheena (of Raajadaani fame) in lead roles. While the leading lady is not yet finalized, Yogi is pretty happy to be a part of the big budget project. \"It's one of the biggest hits in Telugu and we are hoping to recreate the magic. We will stick to the original script and slightly tweak to our Kannada audiences. It's nearly been two years since I am doing a remake project. I am looking forward for the shoot,\" says Yogi who is currently busy with Bangari opposite Ragini Dwivedi.He also informs us that he's looking forward to work on more such exciting scripts than work on stereotypical ones. He says, \"The nature of the role doesn't matter to me... it's the strength of the role that is important. I don't mind playing the role of a beggar!\"Adding, \"I needed a comeback as a couple of my earlier releases didn't do well. I am glad about Sidlingu's success and hoping to work on more such interesting subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870745", "title": "Porngate: Accused MLAs seek week's time to reply", "text": "BANGALORE: Three shamed former ministers - Lakshman V Savdi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar - have sought a week's time to reply to the charges of watching porn clips stored in the cell phone in the Karnataka legislative assembly last week.Speaker KG Bopaiah had set Monday as the deadline for the three MLAs, who had to resign as ministers following allegations, to submit their replies. However, the trio this morning separately faxed the letter to legislative assembly secretary P Omprakash seeking a week's time to reply.Video footage showed Savdi and Patil watching sleazy clips, when House was discussing issues on drought and hoisting Pakistan flag in Sindagi, Bijapur district, about 450 km from Bangalore. Palemar had to pay the price because the cell phone allegedly belonged to him. While Savdi held cooperation portfolio, Palemar was given responsibility of ports and environment. Patil was women and child development minister and was recently in news for suggesting dress code for women.Turning down the demands of the opposition parties, who sought they be allowed to debate the issue in the House and also suspension of MLAs, Speaker announced constitution of a seven-member inquiry committee involving four from ruling-BJP, two from Congress and one from JD(S). Bopaiah has set March 12 as deadline for the panel to submit the report.However, this committee is yet to be formally constituted as both Congress and JD(S) have refused to be part of it stating it was unnecessary on the part of Speaker to constitute the panel as things were glaringly evident.Expressing surprise that sleazy clips can be stored and watched in mobile phones, Bopaiah admitted that resigning from Speaker's post crossed his mind when the news broke last Tuesday that three MLAs belonging to ruling-BJP were allegedly watching clips. While Chief Minister D V Sadananda Gowda has refused to react saying the matter is Speaker's court, state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa has maintained that trio will not be suspended from the party. \"Taking their resignation is bigger punishment. There is no question of suspending them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11866272", "title": "Forest staff, police drive herd of elephants into forests", "text": "MYSORE: A herd of elephants that raided fields and terrorized the villagers on Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border in Chamarajnagar district have been driven back into the wild, officials said on Sunday.A herd of 20 wild elephants, including tuskers that wandered in the fields in the villages on the outskirts of Chamarajnagar are believed to have wandered out of the forested area in Biligiriranga Hills range. However, the forest staff and police managed to drive them back into the woods after 12 hours of operation, said Chamarajnagar SP P Rajendra Prasad told TOI. The wild elephant are believed to have separated from their herd in B R Hills forests, he said.The elephants were first sighted outside the woods near Chikkahole four days ago. But on Saturday, they raided the farms and wandering coming closer to the villages outside the periphery of the forested areas. Subsequently, they raided Chikkahole, Attagulipura, Venkataiahna Chatra and surrounding areas. At one point it became difficult to manage them as they got split into three groups, with each running amok in different directions. They are believed to have come out of Punujur forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11869638", "title": "RIM: BlackBerry OS 10 to rival iOS, Android", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing competition from smartphone-makers like Samsung and Nokia, BlackBerry-maker Research In Motion (RIM) has chalked out an aggressive plan for India where it will be increasing its footprint to 160 cities, besides launching new devices and the latest Operation System 10 soon.The BlackBerry maker has a presence in 80 cities in the country now and is keen to tap the burgeoning demand for smartphones here. \"In terms of expansion, we would like to strengthen our existing presence. As far as new cities are concerned we would like to double our presence this year and go to every city which has a demand for smartphones,\" RIM India Head Sunil Dutt said.He, however, declined to comment on investment details. RIM started its operations in India in 2004 and has a presence in over 80 cities across more than 4,000 retail points of presence. It has three national distributors - Redington India, Brightpoint India and Ingram Inc.Its portfolio in India includes the Curve, Bold and Torch series. The company also sells CDMA smartphones like BlackBerry Tour 9630, BlackBerry Curve 8530, BlackBerry Style 9670 and BlackBerry Curve 9350.RIM shipped about 14.1 million BlackBerry smartphones and approximately 150,000 BlackBerry PlayBook tablets in Q3 FY12.During the same period, its subscriber base grew to nearly 75 million, up 35% year-over-year. RIM does not provide country-specific details.Talking about its latest operating system, Dutt said, \"The OS 10 would be available from the second half of 2012.\" The new operating system could be RIM's answer to other OS software like Windows Phone, Android , iOS and Samsung's Bada.Asked if the company would look at setting up a manufacturing base in India, he said the company is open to the idea but \"it would depend on the demand\".The former Samsung India leader, who joined RIM from HP India, is also excited about the BlackBerry brand.\"BlackBerry devices continue to be popular, especially the BlackBerry Messenger service. We would continue to bring out newer devices. The broad areas of focus are innovation, building brand association, effective go-to market channels and customer satisfaction,\" Dutt said. He said the company is also upbeat on its applications store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867415", "title": "Healthcare Mecca not world class?", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai, a city known as the 'Mecca' of healthcare, unfortunately does not seem to have the certificate to prove it. Just six private hospitals in the city have been accredited by the National Board for Accreditation of Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH).NABH is a constituent board of Quality Council of India, set up to establish and operate accreditation programme for healthcare organisations. The hospitals are not under any compulsion to be evaluated by the board. But the NABH tag tells the public that the hospital follows world-class healthcare standards.NABH authorities said they were surprised that Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala, the states known for their healthcare industry, do not have too many accredited hospitals.Ten private hospitals in the city, who have sought accreditation, are fine-tuning their services and infrastructure to meet the conditions laid down by NABH.The statewide scenario is bleak too, with just seven hospitals outside Chennai getting accredited, which includes the government hospital in Namakkal.The state's health department though is looking to get more government hospitals accredited by NABH. \"We are working on getting the government hospital in Cuddalore and Padmanabhapuram accredited, we are going step by step. Soon all the hospitals, including those in Chennai, will reach the same standards,\" said director of medical services Dr N Raja.A board official said the North Indian states, which were known to be lacking in healthcare infrastructure, stood ahead of others in the number of accreditations. \"We have realized that many state governments in the North have been encouraging hospitals to get the accreditation to prove that their healthcare is good enough for visiting tourists. It helps medical tourism,\" said the NABH chairman Dr Narottam Puri, who has been the face of sports commentary in the pre-satellite channel era.Uttar Pradesh tops the NABH applicants list with 80 hospitals applying for accreditation, closely followed by Maharashtra with 52.Health experts though say these numbers can not be taken as an indicator of the health services provided in the state. The high number of applicants in North India is because the government promises them aid through the Central government health scheme. \" Most governments encourage even small clinics and hospitals to apply and get assessed, promising them funds for infrastructure and staff improvements for the accreditation. It means a steady supply of funds for two years,\" said Uma Nambiar, CEO of Global Hospitals and principal assessor with NABH.According to NABH statistics, hospitals in Delhi have the highest compliance levels with the board standards, closely followed by Gujarat, who they believe is making the maximum effort to increase their total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866251", "title": "BJP demands Khurshid's scalp", "text": "NEW DELHI: While attacking law minister Salman Khurshid for making a mockery of the Election Commission's code of conduct by his full-throated pitch for a minority quota within backward reservations, BJP is looking to work the controversy to turn urban and OBC voters put off by the Congress's minority outreach its way.The saffron party is viewing the possibility of sections of the majority vote polarising in its favour in the Uttar Pradesh election with a crucial poll battle looming in the closing rounds of the poll in western UP's Muslim-Jat-Gujjar-Dalit belt. The Congress can be expected to make a strong effort to woo Muslim votes in these areas.With Khurshid not offering any personal apology to the EC after the poll panel wrote to the President, BJP reiterated its demand that he be removed from the government and accused Congress of working on a well \"scripted conspiracy\" to \"communalise\" UP polls. Making BJP's strategy clear, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"The Congress must realise that everyone has a vote, and the reaction to what Congress is doing could be counter productive.\"BJP's NDA ally JD(U) demanded Khurshid be banned from UP and CPM disapproved of his \"defiant stance\" saying \"people occupying responsible positions must not talk and behave irresponsibly\". BJP leader L K Advani alleged the minister was making a \"mockery\" of model code of conduct.\"The PM should sack Khurshid for making comments on EC. No minister had ever made comments against the EC in such a way. After being censured by the commission, the minister is making mockery of model code of conduct,\" Advani said at an election meeting in Bhadohi.Jaitley said, \"I have reason to believe it's a part of scripted conspiracy by Congress to communalise the UP elections... the more it's done... you might save yourself from the utter disgrace.\"He said the step taken by the EC on Saturday was \"unprecedented\" which had never happened in the country before. \"The attitude of Union law minister after receiving EC order was that of defiance. Saying that whether EC hangs him, he would make announcements. This lawlessness of the minister has no place in country's democracy,\" he said.JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav said, \"Khurshid should be banned by the PM in UP. If there would have been a good PM he would have been sacked.\"Speaking in Allahabad, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"We do not approve of Khurshid's defiant stance. He is a Union minister and people occupying responsible posts must not talk and behave irresponsibly.\"BJP leader Uma Bharti demanded that the commission should take legal action against Khurshid and \"send him to jail\" to maintain its credibility. \"This matter of Salman Khurshid is not that of a person or party, but that of credibility of the EC. I appeal the commission to maintain its credibility, it should take stern action against the minister,\" Bharti said while addressing an election rally in Rae Bareli.Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should promptly ask for Khurshid's resignation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865599", "title": "Valentine's Day: Special offers for lovebirds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those struck by Cupid aren't annoyed that their day of love, Valentine's Day, is falling on a working day. Considering the kind of preparations the city has made to make February 14 special, they've no reason to complain. Whatever happens, at least it won't be a washout for lovers.There are options galore for lovebirds on Tuesday. Restaurateurs are packing in special offers and discounts; gift shops are getting plush teddies and hearts; bakers and confectioners are trying out new flavours to add to the zing; florists are stocking up on red roses.Software engineer Dipankar Bora and clinical data manager Sukanya Khargharia Bora spent 14 Valentine's mooning at each other from across the table with candles and champagne chutes in between until they tied the knot last year. \"Though it's falling on a weekday, we will try to wrap up work as early as possible. We will go for dinner and then oo a long drive,\" says the couple.Heart-shaped bouquets are a favourite these days. And Alok Singh of Ferns and Petals says people prefer red roses and carnations. \"Along with the bouquet, you can also order chocolates and a teddy bear. Even a guitarist is possible for some live but still private music. People ask for particular songs or poems to be read out while the package is delivered,\" Singh says. But the bouquets can cost anything between Rs 2,000 and Rs 7,500.\"Soft toys sell six times the usual number on February 13 and 14,\" says Satish Aggarwal, owner of an Archie's Gallery in Greater Kailash II. \"Sale of perfumes and photo frames also goes up,\" he adds.The five-star hotels have their own packages for those with fatter wallets. There are unlimited premium beverages and snacks to be had for Rs 5,000 per couple at Dublin , ITC Maurya Sheraton; Zanotta at Leela Kempinski, Gurgaon, will have an eight-course menu of Italian dishes with unlimited champagne to wash it down with for Rs 7,999.But for more economical romance, there are the malls and the thrill of getting photos clicked with the decorations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870830", "title": "Bobby Chakraborty gets on stage", "text": "Bobby Chakraborty is on a roll. Says the actor, who is now part of a play, \"\"It has been six years since my last English theatre, The Lesson\"\".I starred as well as directed it for Theatrecian. I got a call recently from Debashish Raychaudhuri telling me that he is directing Tagore's play Raja and that he was searching for Vikrambahoo, the villain. He got my reference from Barun Chanda (actor), Tathagata Roychowdhury (Theatrecian) and Sujoy Prosad (performer and ideator). Debashish da said, 'Bobby, I want you to play Vikram.'\"\"Bobby met him and read the script. \"\"I was floored by the play and the character of Vikrambahoo, who goes through a change in conscience from being an extremely arrogant, scheming, lecherous man to a humble, spiritual person in search of The Raja, who is actually God or Life, as one may interprete. I was extremely excited with Debashishda's narration and the way he is planning the lavish production, which will have video footage, special effects and live theatre, filled with songs sung by Debashishda and his daughter Rohini, who is also a part of the cast,\"\" adds the actor.Having done theatre in English, Bengali, live music shows, standup comedy, dance shows etc, in the past 10 years, Bobby is in love with the instant audience connect. \"\"It gives an actor a great high! One has become greedy for it, over the years. So this challenging offer to play Vikram was long awaited. I shuffled my shooting dates immediately to space out my rehearsal time. It was problematic with the committed dates, but I had to.\"\" William Radice will be playing Raja. He is an eminent British poet, writer, translator and lecturer in Bengali in the University of London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11865984", "title": "Now, paver blocks to guide Madurai tourists", "text": "MADURAI: Soon, tourists visiting Madurai will not have to depend upon guides alone. They will automatically be led to historically important places by following particular coloured paver blocks on Madurai streets. The novel project is underway with the state tourism department and other collaborating agencies.At present, DHAN Foundation, a NGO promoting tourism for development, organises a heritage walk every second Sunday of the month where people are taken on a tour of historical places in Madurai. On Sunday, DHAN arranged a heritage walk covering nine important places starting from the West Tower of the Meenakshi Amman temple. These included historical places in the western part of the city like St George church, Khadikraft outlet where Gandhi stayed in 1921, Immayail Nanmai Tharuvar temple, Madhana Gopala Swamy temple, Koodalazhagar temple, Kajimar Mosque, West Gate Bastion and the European Cemetery. Archaeological scholar V Venkataraman and history scholar R Venkataraman, explained the significance of these places to the participants. On the sidelines of the heritage walk, a senior tourism department official said that the tourism department along with agencies like DHAN had taken up the project of using paver blocks to guide people to 12 important heritage sites in the city.The paver block route will start from the Meenakshi Amman temple's east tower and will go through Nagara Mandapam, Puthu Mandapam, Elukadal Street, Rayagopuram, Vittavasal, Temple Cars, Courtwal Choultry, Vilakku Thoon, Pathu Thoon, Sethupathi hospital and will end at the Tirumalai Nayackar Mahal. \"At all these sites, a steel board explaining the place and its history will be displayed. By following these paver blocks, tourists can visit all these places and learn about them,\"Foreign and north Indian tourists will benefit from the project as they need not depend on local guides to visit these places,\"he said. \"The Madurai Corporation will carry out the project and we have asked them to create these unique paver blocks, which will be easily differentiated,\" he added.Archaeological scholar, V Vedachalam narrated that Madurai which is more than 2,000 years old, has grown and expanded over various periods. The old Madurai during the Sangam age from 500 BC to 300 AD was much smaller, confined to four Masi streets. During the early and later Pandian age from 600 to 1300 AD, it grew further and had Veli streets as its borders. During the Nayaka period from 1300 to 1700 AD and British period from 1700, the city expanded even more with the Nayaka's constructing various structures. \"Over the years, many structures were razed down and new structures came up. Thus Madurai has various heritage places with their own unique history,\" he explained. K P Bharathi, programme leader (development tourism), DHAN Foundation said that the paver block project once completed will turn out to be a heritage walk that can be undertaken by anyone. The project is still in the initial stages and will be completed very soon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866451", "title": "Women, daughter hacked to death, another daughter critical", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 55-year-old woman and her 31-year-old daughter were hacked to death by their neighbour on Saturday night at Anaimalai near Pollachi following a land ownership dispute. Another daughter of the woman also sustained severe injuries in the incident and her condition is reportedly critical. The assailants are absconding and the Coimbatore rural police have formed two special teams to nab them.The deceased are identified as M Palaniyammal and her daughter V Jothimani. Palaniyammal's elder daughter A Makudeswari (35), who sustained serious injuries on the back of her neck, has been admitted in Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH). Jothimani, who has a three-months-old child, was at her mother's home to get post delivery care.Palaniyammal's husband Murugan was away when the incident occurred. A housewife, Palaniyammal was at home in Subbegoundenpudur in Anaimalai on Saturday evening with her two daughters and son Manikandan.It was at around 8 pm, Palaniyammal and Jothimani went outside to use the toilet, located a little away from the house. They were chased by their neighbour M Marimuthu alias Rajiv Gandhi (27) and his relative Jothimani (25) with lethal weapons.Hacked by Marimuthu, Palaniyammal died instantly while her daughter Jothimani, attacked with sickles by both Marimuthu and Jothimani, succumbed to her injuries later. Meanwhile, Palaiyammal's elder daughter Makudeswari reached the spot and shouted for help. She was also attacked by the duo and she sustained serious injuries on the back of her neck. The duo went to Palaniyammal's house and threatened her son Manikandan, 22, a daily wage employee. He escaped their attack as the locals had gathered at the house. The murderers fled the scene immediately.A few years ago, Marimuthu had encroached on two cents of land owned by Palaniyammal's family and built a hut there. He started living there and often engaged in altercations with Palaniyammal's family. Ignoring her demands to vacate the land, Marimuthu recently started demanding two more cents of land from Palaniyammal. Her refusal again provoked Marimuthu.\"Marimuthu is a daily wage labourer. He became angry when Palaniyammal refused to give him the land. In addition, previous enmity existed between the two families. We will nab the assailants soon,\" said Inspector V Subramaniam of Anaimalai police station.The police have registered a case against the duo under section 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation with weapon) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867176", "title": "GHMC mulls recycling debris", "text": "HYDERABAD: As construction and demolition (C&D;) waste has become a major headache for civic officials, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to give it to private firms for disposal under Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.The city generates, on an average, about 500 metric tones (MTs) of C&D; waste daily from ongoing construction of new houses, demolition and renovation of old structures, new flyovers, bridges and office complexes.Since the debris is being dumped on roads, nearby drains and major nalas get choked. The GHMC engineering wing has been spending about Rs 10 crore every year for removing silt from nalas by engaging private contractors before the monsoon begins.GHMC officials admit that there are no separate dumpyards for construction and demolition debris and there is also no mechanism to deal with it. It cannot be dumped in garbage sanitary land fills.Though officials wanted separate C&D; dumpyard for each of the five zones, only one yard was identified at Borabanda in the central zone, which would be handed over to the successful bidder for treating the waste.\"Now, the GHMC has called for expression of interest (EOI) from firms for removing and recycling the C&D; waste in the city under PPP. The firms have been given time till February 29 to submit their EOI,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Health and Sanitation) Aleem Basha told TOI.\"The project is on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis or any other sites for a period of 10 years and the successful bidder gets a reasonable tipping fee (collection and transportation fee) for management of C&D; waste,\" the additional commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865362", "title": "Fresh woes for airport\u2019s Pune cabs", "text": "MUMBAI: While passengers at the domestic airport claim that they are unable to locate the stand for cabs to Pune, cabbies complain that they are finding it hard to get Pune-bound commuters. \"There are no proper indicators for passengers, even though the airport authorities have put up some signboards,,\" said a driver of a six-seater Innova taxi.\"Unscrupulous elements claim that they are Mumbai-Pune taxi drivers and take passengers in black-and-yellow cabs to the highway, where they are told to sit in another taxi bound for Pune,\" another taxi driver said. The taxis plying the Mumbai-Pune route had faced several problems earlier and was opposed by the black-and-yellow cab unions. Besides, there was a problem in getting a proper stand for Pune-bound taxis.\"Ours is a point-to-point service and the black-and-yellow cabbies must not feel threatened,\" said Shankar Shetty of the Mumbai-Pune Taxi Owners' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870430", "title": "Wife\u2019s suicide bid prompts guard to end life", "text": "BANGALORE: Fearing that his wife who attempted suicide by consuming poison will die and he'll have to face the legal consequences, a 30-yearold security guard hanged himself from the ceiling on Sunday. His body was found in his house at Vivekanandanagar in Madiwala.The woman, Savita, however, is out of danger. Her husband, Umesh Kenchappa, was a securityman with a private company in Madiwala.On Friday night, Savita, a homemaker, attempted suicide by consuming poison. She was upset over frequent quarrels with Umesh, Madiwala police said.\"Savita was rushed to hospital. Doctors said she should be kept under observation at least for two days. Umesh was visibly upset and feared the legal consequences if Savitha died,\" police said.The couple hailed from Anekal and had two children. Umesh's suicide came to light when his relatives from Anekal came to his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870027", "title": "Aborto's first day of shoot", "text": "Arindam Sil was all nerves before he started shooting for \"Aborto\". But once the camera started rolling, the director was more at ease. \"My first shot was a close-up of Abir Chatterjee.It was a one-take okay. After that, I realized that I was in command, all thanks to the wonderful team I am working with,\" says Arindam, who started shooting at the Town Club ground on Friday.The first day of shoot also included Locket Chatterjee, Jaya Ahsan, Ranadeb Bose , Sambaran Banerjee, Devang Gandhi and Arijit Dutta to name a few. \"Ranadeb plays himself. The sequence has him bowling to Abir, who is Hari Bose, a cricketer. Devang and Sambaran are the selectors. They are talking about Hari when Arijit Dutta, a financer, asks about Hari's prospects. This is the title sequence of the film. Jaya, who is Charu, enters with her friend, Bibi (Locket), who is Saswata's wife and meets Hari. They represent an NGO and want Hari to be its patron,\" says Arindam, adding that the unit had started shooting from 8.30 am and continued till 5 pm. \"We have taken at least 60 to 70 shots,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870322", "title": "Elton John offering Sheeran US advice", "text": "Ed Sheeran is getting advice from Sir Elton John about how to break the US market.The 20-year-old singer - whose YouTube videos have been viewed 63 million times - admits he was shocked to receive a call from the 'Rocket Man' hitmaker, who is now offering him words of wisdom about where to take his career.He said: \"I was in a car coming back from the studio and I got a call, 'Hi, it's Elton.' It was just mad, because I grew up listening to his music.\"He buys every single release and knows about everyone. He was telling me how fantastic he thinks Dot Rotten is and how Devlin is such a fine lyricist. I couldn't believe it.\"Elton has done it all, he's been there, done that and got the t-shirt. He advises me on which single to release next and how the album should play. Now he's giving me advice on how to break America, which is amazing, as he's someone who knows what it is to break America.\"However, he admits his unique look and sound has not always made it easy for him.He added to Live magazine: \"It was a hard sell for the major labels. Here's a ginger kid who raps with a guitar. That's not a good start.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11865659", "title": "City hotel project scrapped to make room for bureaucrat", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tourism department has scrapped its plan to construct a hotel near Forest Park here. In stead, the state government will construct the official residence of a top bureaucrat there.Until recently, the vacant old building at Sishu Bhawan Square was slated to be converted into a luxurious hotel. The building was earlier rented out to the Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management ( IITTM) that subsequently moved to another location in Dumduma area in August last year.\"Work for the hotel had already started when we got instruction from our higher authorities, that the place will be converted into the official quarter of a senior bureaucrat. We had to obey the order and stop construction work,\" a tourism official said.Since the road connecting Capital Hospital Square to Sishu Bhawan Square is dotted with several government quarters (of bureaucrats, MLAs and ministers) on both sides, the government apparently decided to add another quarter. Sources said some \"elite\" neighbours were not in favour of building a hotel there, assuming it would spoil the tranquility of the area.\"The government will provide us another land in the city for the proposed hotel project,\" state tourism department secretary Ashok Tripathy told TOI on Sunday.Tripathy had in December 2011 told TOI: \"The building belongs to the tourism department. Since it is lying vacant, we have decided to turn it into a hotel. The tourism ministry has approved the proposal. The Sishu Bhawan Square near the Forest Park is a prime locality. We hope the hotel project would generate good revenue for the government.\"The department had then asked the state-run Orissa Tourism Development Corporation, (OTDC) that manages the Panthanivas chain of hotels in Odisha, to draw up a plan for the proposed hotel.OTDC looks after the maintenance of twenty-four hotels and restaurants at different places in the state. Though it runs several restaurants at some tourist destinations like Dhauli and Nandankanan here, it has only one hotel in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866816", "title": "This auto driver put his all at stake for making films", "text": "BHOPAL: Shazade Bhopali is not an average auto driver you get to meet. He loves movies; he is passionate about making, watching and talking about them. For the sake of filmmaking, he preferred to stay single, sold his vehicle and property. In the past two decades, he tried his hand at film making. And he is unfazed over not being able to complete even one movie.\"Insha Alla-God willing-I will be able to complete shooting of a film soon,\" said the 55-year-old auto driver, who has put his entire life, money and property at stake for the sake of film-making, dreaming to make it big one day.In the last 23 years, he began shooting of four full length feature films, casting relatively unknown local artistes, but could not complete them due to one reason or the other. The films were titled Chal Mere Bhai, Nindiya, Bheru Sharabi and Hakeem Sahab.It has been since 1988, this film freak, dreamt of leaving a mark in the film industry. His craze for movies went on to the extent that he decided to remain unmarried. \"You know, marriage diverts attention from such creative activities. So, I decided not to marry,\" he said adding \"I sold whatever property I had and also took help from friends to ensure that financial constraints did not come in the way of film making.\"Not knowing much about the formalities like title registration, he prefers to advertise in newspapers, announcing movie's title to avoid any legal trouble in future. Besides, he also takes permission from the district administration before starting shooting with an age old camera borrowed from his friend, Sayed Musharaf. City's outskirts, including Kerwa Dam and Kaliasot are among his preferred locations, as he claims that it would help him showcase the natural beauty of city of lakes and its peripheries.He does not have a clue about how he would complete the project as he has only a few thousand rupees left.Bhopali proudly talks about changing heroine of his film Nindiya. \"Though I cast locals due to financial constraints, it doesn't mean that I should compromise on acting. Nindiya is the film I want to release first. It is based on a woman's life. I decided to change the heroine since the earlier one was not able to do justice to the role,\" he said.And yes, like professional film makers, Bhopali does not believe in sharing his storyline with others. \"If everything goes right, the movie would be released in a year. \"I want to release the film in Bhopal's Tagore hall. If people like the movie, I will be happy. Rest is destiny.\"\"I have no regrets for losing family's hard-earned money and driving an auto to eke out a living. His friend Musharaf says \"Bhopali is living for the day when his movie would release; rest is secondary to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870494", "title": "Dhanush does Kolaveri for 10 minutes at concert", "text": "BANGALORE: The Kolaveri Di fever just refuses to die down. After clocking millions of clicks on the internet, the song rocked hundreds of fans, who gathered at the Palace Grounds on Sunday night to witness the Kolaveri Di boy perform live. They shouted 'once more' after every performance and the result: film actor and part-time singer Dhanush ended up singing the song four times, back to back.The crowd waited for three hours to see Dhanush, and there was a great deal of d i s ap p o i - ntment as the star singer was on stage for just 10 minutes. In that short time, Dhanush grabbed centre stage along with young music director, Aniruddh. ''For those who know me as the Kolaveri boy, I am Dhanush. I came here to talk, but seeing you so fired, I have lost my words. When I see this love, I feel humbled and overrated. I don't think I've done anything to deserve this,'' said the star.Soon, the duo was on fire as the young, old and little shouted out the lines with them. The really tiny ones were shouting words like 'soup song', 'flop song' and 'only Englishu'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11872934", "title": "Fodder scam: Ex-chief ministers Lalu, Mishra to record statements on Tuesday", "text": "RANCHI: Former chief ministers of Bihar, Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra, the two main accused in the multi-crore fodder scam will appear in the court of special CBI judge PK Singh on Tuesday to get their statements recorded. Lalu has already arrived here from Delhi.The case involves fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 37.39 crore from the Chaibasa treasury in West Singhbhum district. 350 prosecution witnesses were examined in the case registered in 1996.Sources in the CBI said that 53 cases were registered in the fodder scam. Lalu is an accused in five cases including (RC 20) for which he will have to appear in the court on Tuesday.Special CBI advocate, BMP Singh, said that the court had fixed the date for recording of statements of the two former chief ministers along with some senior bureaucrats including suspended IAS officer Sajal Chakravarty.The court on Monday recorded the statement of Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar, Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh and animal husbandry (AHD) officers KM Prasad and SN Sharma.At the time of the scam Jagdish Sharma was a Congress MLA and chairman of public accounts committee (PAC) of the Bihar assembly. He was the chairman of PAC from 1992-95 and also a member of the Bihar assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865511", "title": "3 bikes worth Rs 1.25L stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Three motorcycles worth Rs. 1.25 lakh were reported stolen on Saturday in the city.In the first incident, Sachin Chaugule's Bajaj Pulsar motorcycle worth Rs 45,000 was reported stolen on Saturday. The bike was parked in front of his house at Dattanagar in Panchavati. A complaint was lodged with the Panchavati police.Surendra Joshi's Bajaj Discover worth Rs 40,000 was reported stolen on Saturday. The bike was stolen from the parking lot of Samartha Krupa Jay Mangal Society in Samartha Nagar. A complaint was lodged with the Gangapur police.Vishal Agarwal's Honda motorcycle worth Rs 40,000 was reported stolen on Saturday. It was stolen from the parking lot of Liberty Height Apartments, behind B Y K College. A complaint was registered with the Gangapur police.Goods worth Rs 25,000 stolen: Vijay Kumar Natrajan's laptop and camera worth Rs 25,000 were reported stolen on Saturday from his house at Rajiv Nagar. The thieves struck on Thursday between 8am and 6.30pm by breaking open the door of his house at Rungtha Township in Rajiv Nagar. A complaint was lodged with the Indira Nagar police.Gold ornaments, cash worth Rs 51,500 stolen: Gold bangles and cash worth Rs 51,500 were stolen from Yogita Ahire when boarding a bus at Nashik Road bus-stand at 4.30pm on Saturday. Two women took the bangles and cash from her purse and disappeared from the scene. A complaint was lodged with the Nashik Road police.Gold chain worth Rs 70,000 stolen: Sandhya Bakare's gold chain worth Rs. 70,000 was reported stolen on Saturday. The chain was stolen from her purse around 11am on Saturday when she was travelling by bus from Nashik Road to Ambedkar Nagar. A complaint was lodged with the Upanagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11866075", "title": "Fan gets more than slice of John?", "text": "MANGALORE: Actor John Abraham, who arrived at Kankanady here on Sunday to inaugurate a jewellery showroom, was mobbed by his fans. Rumour mills are abuzz with the news that in the melee, one of the women fans tried to bite his hand and the actor, in return, slapped her.Mangalore City police had a tough time handling the Bollywood star's fans, who surrounded him to shake hands, take pictures on cell phones and get his autograph.Police had to resort to mild baton charge to disperse them and allow the actor leave the place. Fans responding to the ad blitz by the management had turned up in large numbers.The news of a woman biting the hand of John in the guise of kissing him and the actor, in turn, slapping her in the commotion aired by a Kannada news television channel was stoutly denied by the police. C Kiran, police inspector, Mangalore East police station told TOI that had there been such an incident, the police would have come to know about it and initiated action against the woman. \"It was not reported (by the management or the actor) to us,\" Kiran said.He said the police briskly tapped their batons on the ground to disperse the crowd so that John could reach the car in which he arrived at the venue. \"We did not resort to lathicharge,\" Kiran said, adding the police action was necessary as the crowd was getting restless to get a glimpse of the actor and they had to take him away from the venue safely.The management of the showroom had invited Datty Sadananda Gowda, wife of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to inaugurate the kids' section of the store. Datty told TOI that she was not aware of the biting and slapping incident surrounding John and his fan and 'learnt' about the incident when she saw the television later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866157", "title": "Insistent MP neta operates machinery, injures dozen", "text": "BHOPAL: At least a dozen people were injured, two of them seriously, after Madhya Pradesh cooperatives minister Gauri Shankar Bisen allegedly lost control over a heavy earth moving machine that he insisted on operating while inaugurating a project in the state's Balaghat district last week.The minister, who is known for courting controversies and has taken a lot of flak for getting a boy to tie his shoelaces in Chhindwara, is said to have got the seriously injured shifted out the state for medical treatment to hush up the matter. Residents said Bisen insisted on operating the machine while inaugurating a drinking water supply project at Khamariya village, as part of the state BJP government's 'Vikas Yatra' under which MLAs and ministers were sent to their constituencies to get feedback on schemes and projects on February 7.Bisen was scheduled to perform bhoomi poojan, instead of the symbolic ribbon cutting ceremony, Bisen ordered the machine's driver to get down and took his seat.He pressed a button that suddenly swung the machine's toothed-bucket and hit people around it. Then the out-of-control crane with the bucket rose high in the air came crushing down injuring Public Health Engineering Department sub-divisional officer Prakash Suryavanshi.A Janata Party MLA Kankar Munjare said he was horrified, \"The injured were first taken to a government health centre and from there to a private nursing home in Balaghat town. Now, we don't know where they are,\" he said.But Bisen refuted reports and said he had a licence to operate it. \"No one was hurt and I never lost control,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11865757", "title": "Kavita knows how to make people drool", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The aroma coming from Kavita Sachdeva's house in Model Town on Sunday had many a neighbour drool and wish for a bite of whatever she was cooking. Known to be a cook with magic in her hands, Kavita's Sunday dish was 'paneer do pyaza', which in her words is \"her best recipe but takes only 30 minutes to make.''Moving swiftly as she sauteed various 'masalas' for the dish, she spoke about her love for gourmet experiments and how it has made her confident that she can compete with the best chefs in the city. The 37-year-old said her first lessons in cooking were from her mother Sudesh Sachdeva. \"After that I just kept looking for new recipes in cookery shows or recipe books. It has become my hobby and even now I keep trying any new recipe I can get my hands on,'' said Kavita, who owns a boutique.Frying cheese and putting it aside, Kavita talked about what her focus is while cooking. \"The aroma is everything. A dish should smell of all the wonderful ingredients in it and that makes it appetizing,'' she said, adding modestly that she is not a great cook but that whenever she cooks it is with all of her heart so the dish automatically turns out tasty.To Kavita, the dish's taste is entirely dependent on the right combination of spices. \"In 'paneer do pyaza', I put different kinds of cream, including fruit cream. I also use cardamoms and dry 'methi'. The other important thing about it is the 'pyaza' mix that I fry separately in thick butter,'' she said.Mothers might be hard to please but Kavita's cooking has impressed her mom too. \"She is actually a very good cook and an expert in anything she makes, be it Indian, Italian, Thai, Chinese or Continental. Only one meal cooked by her is enough to make people come back for more,'' said Sudesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11868858", "title": "Panic calls flood cab operators", "text": "BANGALORE: Cab companies operating services to and from Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) on Sunday received hundreds of calls seeking to place bookings for Monday, but operators politely declined to oblige.The taxi operators informed callers that they are unable to finalize their bookings as many city cabbies have decided to go on strike on Monday, protesting the introduction of toll on Bellary Road. In fact, they declined to provide cabs for early Monday morning flights too.There was a sudden spurt in booking requests from 6pm and calls continued to pour in till late night. The operators told the TOI that they were receiving calls every few minutes.\"Many passengers pleaded with us that the cabs be deployed at least early in the morning and the strike be called in later. But we had to politely decline stating that we were fighting in passengers' interest. Some of them desperately asked us what other alternatives were available for them. We informed them that there are Volvos, while autos are not allowed to the airport,\" said M P Ramesh, a taxi operator.Ramesh said they did not want to cause inconvenience for passengers but had no alternative as they would lose a lot of money paying toll and would be forced to pass on the burden to passengers, who may refuse to take cabs. \"Either way we stand to lose money,\" he said.British Airways and Emirates flights were scheduled for departure and arrival, respectively, in the wee hours of Monday, raising the possibility a massive disruption in air passengers' plans. Scores of flights scheduled to and from other metro cities post dawn too point to a crisis of sorts in the making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865644", "title": "GCA objects to disclosure of tax information", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA), headed by chief minister Narendra Modi, has objected to the disclosure of tax exemptions enjoyed by it, prompting the income tax department to withhold the information.An RTI query, aimed at finding the burden on exchequer incurred by cricket associations across the country, was forwarded by the sports ministry to I-T department which then forwarded it to various units across the country.In reply to a question on tax exemption enjoyed by cricket associations registered with it, the Ahmedabad unit of the department said the GCA has objected to such disclosure.\"With regard to your query and the details sought therein, it is to inform you that the sole cricketing body assessed to tax with this office is Gujarat Cricket Association. The said association vide letter February 6, 2011 has raised its objection to any information being divulged under any Act, including the RTI Act, from its record,\" the department said in reply to activist Subhash Agrawal's query.In his appeal, Agrawal has objected to denial of information saying, \"any objection from GCA is totally irrelevant in view of section 8(2) of RTI Act which clearly stipulates that a public authority may allow access to information if public interest in disclosure outweighs the harm to the protected interests.\"In a case, the central information commission is considering whether the Bgets enough indirect funding in the form of tax concession, making it answerable under the Right to Information Act. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11865654", "title": "Progress report: Tribal talukas performing well", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A recent high-level report states that Gujarat's backward non-tribal talukas are failing to perform well in the social sector compared to tribal talukas.The report based on a survey of 30 most backward talukas of Gujarat says, \"It can generally be seen tribal talukas are performing by and large better than non-tribal talukas.\" It underlines, \"Talukas located in arid and semi-arid regions like Rapar, Vav, Tharad, Santalpur, Sami, Barwala and Kalyanpur have particularly not performed well.\"The 30 talukas taken up for analysis are those which were identified by former state bureaucrat and academic V R S Cowlagi as \"most backward\" Gujarat in a report in 2005.An internal exercise of their development is based on progress reports of various schemes or from census results between 2005 and 2010. It looks into three different parameters to identify if a particular backward taluka is doing well - income, health and education.Officials said that each taluka was rated on a scale of 10. \"The best-performing talukas have been given a rating of six points and above, average performing talukas get a rating of between of four and six, while the worst-performing ones get a rating of less than four\", a senior bureaucrat said.Titled 'Mid-Term Appraisal of State Flagship Scheme of Developing Talukas', the report aims at giving \"policy directions\" for the forthcoming 12th Five Year Planning, starting in April 2012 on what should be done to improve backward regions, and how.\"Our study finds that backward arid regions of north Gujarat and Saurashtra need a more focused attention\", the official added.Equally interesting is the top state bureaucrat's point that those tribal talukas which are part of Vadodara district - Naswadi, Jetpur-Pavi and Kawant - have failed to perform as well as tribal talukas from rest of Gujarat.\"One presumption is that, this may be because they have not received focused attention from the local administration in the industrially developed Vadodara district\", he said, adding, \"What is particularly interesting is that all tribal talukas of the predominantly tribal Dahod district, have done extremely well. It suggests success of the Vanbandhu Kalyan Yojna.\"As far as overall human development was concerned, the 10 talukas which performed best and with a rating of more than six are - Garbada, Limkheda, Jhalod, Devgadh-Baria, Fatepura, Amirgadh, Santrampur, Ucchal, Sagbara, Umarpada and Nizar.The talukas with average rating of between six and four were Dhapur, Ghoghambha, Kadana, Morva (Hadaf), Khanpur, Kaprada, Dediapada, Shehara and Dangs.And the worst-performing talukas with less than four rating were Naswadi, Jetpur-Pavi, Kawant, Kalyanpur, Tharad, Vav, Barwala, Rapar, Santalpur and Sami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867564", "title": "Man kills sister's pet dog to settle scores", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-month-old pet dog became the victim of a long-standing quarrel between members of a family living in the same street on GST Road in Tambaram Sanatorium area on Sunday.S Pushpanathan, 40, killed the Pomeranian puppy belonging to his sister S Mohanapriya. Pushpanathan has absconded after a police complaint was filed against him with the help of Blue Cross.Mohanapriya said, \"Pushpanathan came to my house and started playing with the puppy in the compound. I didn't open the door because he often comes here to fight with my parents. After some time, I heard the dog's cries and saw him stamping at its neck. The puppy died by the time my eldest brother Jayaperumal could come to the rescue of the animal.\"\"He used to threaten that he would kill my pet. But we never took him seriously. I am shocked,\" she said.Pushpanathan lives with his wife, a few blocks away from his sister's house. \"He had a grudge against me for not taking his side during a quarrel with our parents. The dog was familiar with him because he often visited us,\" she said.Jayaperumal went to Chromepet police station to file a complaint in the morning. Jayaperumal said he sought the assistance of Blue Cross after the police did not seem to take the case seriously.\"The body of the puppy was sent to Madras Veterinary and Animal Sciences University in Vepery for postmortem,\" said Dawn William, general manager of the Blue Cross.The police have registered a case against Pushpanathan under Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and Indian Penal Code.He used to threaten that he would kill my pet. But we never took him seriously. I am shocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865575", "title": "A home cut to size for many avatars", "text": "MUMBAI: In a dingy corner on the sixth floor of a tower at Jogeshwari East, a box is being built. It will soon become a home. The apartment's only room will masquerade as the living room by day, and by night it flips into the bedroom. Weekends, its avatar changes to a gaming zone, and after the slot machines are pushed back into the wall, the same space doubles as a dance floor.While not every house in Mumbai is a cubbyhole, the converse is true, every cranny could indeed double as somebody's home in this city. In an earlier life, this Jogeshwari flat, or box, was a typical 'one roomkitchen house'; to those with limited imagination, it could be nothing more.But then a couple of interior designers-one may call them space surgeons-'cut' the bathroom and added half its area to the single large room to render it good enough for multiple possibilities-sitting room, bedroom and gaming room. A corner, the size of a tea stall, makes up the kitchen. This is the new reality of the under-350 sq ft world.The bathroom is now the size of an aircraft toilet. But architect-cum-interior designer Anish Mistry says his client made it clear that he doesn't have time for a long bath. And it's not just the well-heeled who have taken an interest in space management. \"Even people living in chawls have been hiring interior designers to capitalize on every square inch of space they've paid for through their nose,\" says Kersi Mistri, a proprietor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11866370", "title": "Parties sell dream of global city, sop for girl child to Thanekars", "text": "THANE: Turning Thane into a global city, improving the skewed gender ratio, setting up a hi-tech transport system, and ensuring transparency in administration are some of the baits that are being thrown at residents of the lake city before the polls, but all political parties seem to have a common sop: \"improving the amenities and infrastructure\".Apparently fighting for the cause of the girl child, the Shiv Sena has been offering cash incentives to every couple that will have a second daughter. Sena MLA Eknath Shinde said, \"We intend to take a big leap and our aim is to tackle social issues as well as improve the infrastructure.\" The drop in the female ratio is a matter of concern, he said. \"We have pledged to deposit Rs 10,000 in a fixed deposit for each couple who will have a second girl child.\" Called \" My Thane-My Pride\", the Sena's poll manifesto promises to rid the city of illegal hoardings, turn it into a WiFi zone, draw a human development index plan and ensure transparency and a citizen-friendly civic administration.But critics claimed such grand announcements were a mere sop aimed to galvanize voters and get them to the party's side. Refuting it, Shinde, said, \"We have always delivered what we have promised. All future work will be planned and executed in keeping with the HDI and in consultation with citizens.\"Even as the Sena adds upgrade of infrastructure, more primary health centres and playgrounds to its list, the Congress-NCP announces that if it comes to power, it will transform Thane into a global city, complete with a hi-tech transport system and 24-hour electronic surveillance network, besides other development projects. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar recently unveiled the party's agenda for Thane, promising transparency in administration and announcing a special package to develop \"the semi-urban and growth-deprived pockets\". He said the Ulhasnagar redevelopment model -the DF government has regularized illegal structures, irrespective of the 1995 cut-off date -would be introduced in Thane. The DF also promises to regularize buildings on private forest land.The MNS is yet to come up with its manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865874", "title": "Fresh thrust for anti-tobacco drive", "text": "KOCHI: For the second phase of the anti-tobacco campaign, the district administration and local bodies have charted a 100-day action plan.As part of the plan, authorities will check the sale of tobacco products within 400 metres of educational institutions. Panchayat-level squads will be formed to check public smoking and the sale of pan masala products. With the support of Kerala Voluntary Health Service (KVHS) block, panchayats like Angamaly and Chengamanad have already launched special drives against tobacco products.KVHS director Saju V Itty said, phase two will see health and education departments joining hands with local self-government bodies to make this programme a success. \"During the 100-day campaign, we will be focusing on hotels and lodges which are yet to become smoke-free zones. We have asked religious leaders in the district to support our tobacco free campaign,\" said Saju. He added that, surprise raids would be conducted across the district.\"The district administration has declared Ernakulam as a smoke free tourism destination. With the special drives that will be launched in all 14 block panchayats, our aim is to support the authorities to strictly enforce the Indian Tobacco Control Act,\" said Eldhose Kunnapilly, president, district panchayat.As part of the 100-day action plan, local bodies will display signboards, distribute pamphlets and conduct seminars and awareness drives highlighting the adverse effects of use of tobacco products. The authorities will also remove the advertisements of tobacco products displayed in shops and other public places.\"Our aim is to wipe out tobacco products from the district,\" said Saju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865510", "title": "Walking football", "text": "Football in India is getting fast and furious. Well, faster, if not fast. The I-League with its foreign player influence has helped the game in India raise its velocity a yard or so. The Premier Football League, on the verge of roping in the likes of Italian Fabio Cannavaro and Argentine Hernan Crespo will help shift gears of the beautiful game in a country where attendance does not match its universal appeal. Much of the cynicsm against Indian football have intensified after cable television made its advent in the early 90s. It left the Durand Cup, DCM Cup, IFA Shield and the Rovers Cup, literally and figuratively, standing still. After all, the turf-scorching stuff from the English Premiership, La Liga and Serie A brought the concept of relative velocity to the forefront - whether or not one studied or remembered chapters in Junior College Physics. And what of the Santosh Trophy , the much revered National Football Championship? Ivo von Sajh-Scheich , the Slovenian who coached the Indian Junior team at the Rajiv Gandhi Gold Cup tournament in Goa in 1998 and who was, in his short tenure, entrusted with the responsiblity of scouting talent had to scratch his head to remember the Santosh Trophy, a tournament he witnessed in Jabalpur. After much memory jogging he hit the table with his palm, saying, \"You mean that walking football?\"No wordsThat a lot of foreigners have more respect for Indian musical traditions that we do is a well-known fact. On Thursday, when Remember Shakti performed a concert at Kala Academy after several years, the open-air amphitheatre was packed, and over 70% of those who attended were foreigners. Yet, when the band's singer, Shankar Mahadevan began to sing in Indian classical style, a foreigners' son, perhaps hearing this genre for the first time, complained to his mother, \"I think he's forgotten the lyrics.\"The Goan wayMost people who frequent Goan shacks would be familiar with Elvis Lobo-the long haired, jovial guitarist with a unique style who's widely considered to be one of the best in India. At the Remember Shakti concert on Thursday, Goans were a minority-they were few and far apart in the sea of foreigners. One of the men of stage was a certain John McLaughlin , one of the world's finest guitarists and champion of broadening of the repertoire. Domingo, quietly admiring the Brit's nimble fingerwork, overheard a voice from somewhere behind, presumably from a Goan. \"Arre, John Elvis-aporos boro vazoita\" (Arre, John plays even better than Elvis).A friend in needRakesh was at the Panaji post office, talking to those people who rent out bikes and cars. As the conversation proceeded, he noticed three foreign women walk past. One of the car-lenders stopped talking to Rakesh midway, stared at the women and shouted, \"Madam, airport drop, airport drop\", in a typically fake British accent. He added, \"cheap rooms, taxi taxi\", etc. The women did not pay any attention to the desperate man and continued walking. The man, in a sudden change of tactics, stops abruptly and changes his marketing line. He now shouts, \"Madam, you need a good friend?\" The women stopped, looked back , looked back in front, and walked away, this time a bit quicker than before.All in the nameTwo journalists who are music fans got talking about the Shakti concert, and the fact that there was no interview with Zakir Hussain to be seen on any newspaper. \"Hussain usually doesn't give interviews,\" one of them started, adding that \"McLaughlin is far better, there are a couple of interviews in the press, even in the local papers. He's quite a jovial and happy guy.\" The other replied, \"Yes, at least he justifies his surname.\"The 'F' factorKatie attended a recent film festival that dealt with disability issues. The audience was filled with kids from several schools that had been invited to the fest. The short films/documentaries carrying subtitles, focused on the lives of disabled people, the difficulties they faced and how they try to overcome it. It all seemed a tad too serious for the kids in the audience who didn't seem to be paying attention, or so it seemed, until... the 'F...' word appeared on screen. The entire room burst into a thunderous applause, the kids laughing insanely... probably satisfied that their trip to the theatre wasn't a waste !Contributed by Errol D'Cruz, Nigel Britto and Rakesh Mundye. Compiled by Nigel Britto", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11865977", "title": "MNREGS not for buying SUVs: Ramesh", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has asked the Assam government to ensure that the funds for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS) are used properly as anomalies in the utilization of funds is surfacing in different states of the country.\"It has been found that many panchayats are misusing the funds allotted for MNREGS. The funds are being used to buy high-end SUVs instead of giving it to the actual beneficiaries,\" Ramesh said at a gram unnayan sammelan here on Sunday.\"MNREGS is not a scheme for buying SUVs. It is a scheme to help the poor villagers with a 100-day work guarantee and a payment of money for their labour. Many scams on the MNREGS funds have surfaced. I appeal, particularly to women , to stand against such mismanagement of funds in their villages,\" Ramesh warned.Though he clarified that the statement was not targeted at Assam, he did say that as the state receives significant funds under MNREGS, the money should be properly utilized as 2,200 panchayats in Assam get at least Rs 1 crore each under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869964", "title": "No heroes for Priyanka Chopra!", "text": "Here's why films opposite the big guns - Akshay, SRK, Salman, Ajay, Aamir, Abhishek and Hrithik - are unlikely for the actressAt the rate she's going, Priyanka Chopra may have few heroes left to work with. Those currently acting with her - Shahid Kapoor (in an untitled film), Hrithik Roshan (Krrish 3) and Ranbir Kapoor (Barfi) - won't sign any films with her in the immediate future to avoid looking like a stale pair on screen. Other B-Town biggies have different problems with the actress. Here's why some A-List stars may not work with PC.AKSHAY KUMAR Akshay and Priyanka have given many hits in the past, including Andaaz and Aitraaz. They were very close at one point, but ever since rumours of an affair broke out in 2004, Twinkle Khanna banned him from signing future films with her. Doesn't look like the wifey is going to change her mind anytime soon.SHAH RUKH KHAN Once again, rumours of PC's growing friendship with a star actor have upset his wife. So much so, that Gauri Khan has struck PC off her personal guestlist. Seems like it's a matter of time before she's struck off as SRK's leading lady too. When Gauri's friends have been told to avoid the actresss, there's no way the husband will get the green signal to work with her!SALMAN KHAN When they first acted together in Mujhse Shaadi Karoge, the problem then was her proximity to the film's other lead actor, Akshay Kumar . Later, Salman's brother Sohail approached her to do a cameo in their home production Main Aurr Mrs Khanna, which she declined. Salman took this personally and swore never to work with her again.AJAY DEVGN The last time Devgn and PC worked together was in Blackmail (2005). They were paired together in Naam, but she walked out of the film after barely three days of shooting. Though PC cited date issues, the buzz was that she'd made those same dates available for one of Akki's films. Naam still hasn't seen the light of day, something Devgn is yet to forgive PC for or even forget.ABHISHEK BACHCHAN They were last seen in Dostana, but things soured between them post the release of the film. Both of them wanted to dance to the same popular track at an awards show. While PC had selected it first, when AB Jr wanted the same song, she got irritated. Eventually, she backed out of the event to show her displeasure.SHAHID KAPOOR Currently, both are working together in Kunal Kohli's untitled film, but Shahid has decided not to do any more movies opposite his former flame. Things went sour after they broke up, as Shahid felt she was giving out negative stories about him to the press. At a recent ad shoot, they barely spoke to each other.SAIF ALI KHAN While the two officially don't have any problems, Saif's girlfriend Kareena Kapoor doesn't like PC. And that is a problem.HRITHIK ROSHAN Krissh 3 could be their last film together. Hrithik's wife Sussanne is very close to Gauri Khan, and the fact that PC wasn't invited to the Agneepath success party at their home is a sign of things to come.AAMIR KHAN Priyanka hasn't done a film with Aamir Khan yet. No one knows why, but if it was something that had to happen, it would've happened by now, no?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865814", "title": "Naroda Patia's Hindus at home in Muslim-built abodes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naroda Patia is infamous for being the site where more than 90 Muslims were killed by rioters in the 2002 post-Godhra riots. But it is also the place where Muslims helped their Hindu neighbours rebuild their homes after the riots.Today, 70-odd Hindu families live in the Patia in homes rebuilt by the Islamic Relief Committee (IRC) in 2003. Many Muslims left the place, but all Hindus returned to live beside their old neighbours.IRC has provided homes to about 500 riot-affected Hindu families in the city at places like Vatva and Dudheshwar, after many Muslims wanted their longtime Hindu neighbours back.Lata Chaudhary, 40, and her family shifted from the Patia to Khokhra during the 2002 violence. \"We returned after a few months only to find that nothing was left of our home,\" she says.The house of Hansa Tiwari, 50, too caught fire when rioters torched Muslim homes in the Patia. When IRC reconstructed the colony, she returned happily. \"We have very good relations with Muslims here,\" she says \"The disturbance separated us for some time. Because the committee rebuilt our houses, we could return.\"Radheshyam Sharma, a 45-year-old tailor, adds: \"I have lived in the Patia all my life, and have got healthy relations with the Muslims. So it's natural that the committee should build houses for us as well.\"IRC chairman Shakeel Ahmed Ansari says, \"These ordinary people had no involvement in the violence. They were Hindus and as helpless as anyone else. Nobody was helping them, so we decided to rebuild their houses also.\"Nadeem Khan, who lives in an IRC colony in Vatva, recalls the process of decision-making, \"The meetings on how to go about building houses for the Hindus lasted for more than a week among IRC leaders. Finally it was unanimously decided to provide houses to Hindu neighbours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867410", "title": "Jaya woos Japanese firms, seeks more investment", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu, which is all set to facilitate a Japanese industrial township, will soon sign more deals with Japanese industrial majors, said chief minister J Jayalalithaa.\"About 20% of the Japanese industries in the country have operations in Tamil Nadu. A few more major Japanese industrial initiatives in the state are in the final stages of confirmation,\" she said while inaugurating a new super critical technology-based turbine generator manufacturing facility of Toshiba-JSW near Manali on Sunday.On infrastructure problems, particularly connectivity issues to Ennore port, Jayalalithaa said, \"My government is taking all possible measures to solve the port connectivity problems,\" she said. Toshiba and Nissan are two companies that are affected by poor road connectivity in North Chennai region.She said Japan has become an important business partner of India, especially Tamil Nadu. Jayalalithaa said Toshiba's initiatives will help to improve the industrial growth of Tamil Nadu and the state will extend all possible support and maintain a friendly environment. Toshiba is looking to capitalize on the 100,000MW capacity addition target to be set under the government's 12th five-year plan.\"The Japanese technology and the human resource of Tamil Nadu will make wonders in state's industrial sector in the coming years. The waste water treatment technology and water desalination plants are already successful in the state,\" she said, adding that the government has recently signed a deal with the Japanese Trade Organisation. \"I hope Tamil Nadu will be able to offer the best market potential for Japanese companies.\"A spokesperson for Toshiba-JSW Group joint venture, which started a super critical steam turbine and generator manufacturing facility, said the company is presently waiting for a final order confirmation from National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) for its projects in Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka. \"In UP, NTPC is close to finalizing order for two 660-MW super critical steam turbine and generator, while the power company has also shown interest for two 800-MW units for a thermal plant project in Karnataka,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11871269", "title": "Shivani Bhatnagar murder case: SC issues notice to R K Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday sought dismissed IPS officer R K Sharma's response on a Delhi police plea challenging his acquittal in the Shivani Bhatnagar murder case.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai issued notices also to Sri Bhagwan and Satya Prakash, who too were acquitted by the Delhi high court in the sensational 1999 murder of the Indian Express scribe in her east Delhi flat.The city police has challenged the October 12, 2011 verdict of the high court, which had acquitted Sharma and two others, giving them the benefit of doubt.Additional solicitor general Haren Raval contended that the high court had ignored important circumstantial evidence based on telephonic records in deciding the case.The high court had only upheld the conviction of Pradeep Sharma, one of the four persons, found guilty by the trial court.The high court had said although the motive behind the killing of the scribe was unclear, it raised questions whether Pradeep Sharma acted alone or at the behest of R K Sharma and others or at the instance of someone else.The high court bench of Justices B D Ahmed and Manmohan Singh had said the prosecution has failed to establish the link between R K Sharma and the killer and even the crucial records relating to the call details were tampered with and could not be relied upon.\"These are questions which we cannot answer on the basis of the material before us. The quality of evidence before us is not of high calibre,\" the high court had said, adding that the call records, the key documents, were riddled with so many problems that they could not be relied upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11866056", "title": "CM hints at sops for areca growers", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Sunday hinted that arecanut growers in Dakshina Kannada and Malnad regions will get sops in the forthcoming state budget.The Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Cooperative Ltd had on Saturday sent its pre-budget wish list to the chief minister including a reduction in sales tax on arecanut from current two per cent to one per cent, citing it would only boost revenue collection and plug leakage.Not outlining the full extent of sops that he proposed to extent to arecanut growers facing the brunt of yellow leaf disease, the chief minister told reporters that he was contemplating rescheduling loans obtained by arecanut growers in to long-term loans, waiving interest on principal amount, and also extending new agriculture loans to growers. This is very much on lines with the demands placed by CAMPCO, a multi-state cooperative, before the chief minister.Reiterating his commitment to overall development of his home district of Dakshina Kannada, Sadananda Gowda said, \"I will convene a meeting of all elected representatives and officials from the district in Bangalore to discuss the needs of the district.\"Replying a query on who would be made Dakshina Kannada in-charge minister in the wake of J Krishna Palemar stepping down after the porn scandal, the chief minister said he would take over the charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867452", "title": "Safety last: Empty first-aid box greets bus passengers", "text": "CHENNAI: Students of Pachaiyappa's College on Thursday smashed up an MTC bus, injuring many passengers, including a child. Some of the passengers were in urgent need of first aid but nobody bothered to look in the first-aid box on the bus.Commuters allege that despite it being mandatory for buses to have well maintained first-aid kits, the rule is flouted in most vehicles.\"During peak hours, it is common to see students travelling on the footboard or hanging from the window panes. If an accident occurs, there is no way to get first-aid quickly,\" said Nikil Abraham, a regular commuter on the 29 C route. The Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989 states that vehicles with permits should carry a first-aid box containing sterilised finger dressing, hand and foot dressing, burn dressing, cotton wool and tincture iodine, among other things.Many buses in the city, however, have an empty box behind the driver's seat. Sometimes, divers and conductors keep their personal belongings, lunch box or water bottles in the first-aid box.MTC drivers said they do not receive medical kits. \"We have not received any first-aid materials or medicines till now,\" said state transport employees union president M Chandran.V S Suresh, an advocate practicing at the Madras HC, said the first-aid box is mandatory but there is no proper enforcement by the authorities.R Vasanthi, a passenger from Chetpet, said, \"They have increased the bus fare but there is no improvement in the facilities available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871013", "title": "Clash of the B-Town divas", "text": "Actors have always been known to clash at the BO over their releases on same days or month. Something which often proves the star's clout at the BO.But it's rare to find top actresses clashing with heroinecentric films. Shah Rukh Khan and Ajay Devgn are supposedly clashing over their films released during Diwali but a little-known news is that during September there will be a clash of the divas - Kareena Kapoor and Rani Mukerji. While Kareena's Heroine will release on September 14, Rani's film Aiyya is supposed to release on September 28. Heroine revolves around the life of a famous actress whose films start flopping and the emotional crisis she goes through. In Aiyya plays a middleclass girl opposite the South actor Prithviraj.Both being heroine-oriented films, it will be interesting to see which does better - thus proving who has more star power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865574", "title": "Will registration help monitor children's homes in the state?", "text": "It is a problem of the women and children's department. We were once registered and had even applied for a renewal of a licence. But they have not responded to our applications. Registering for a licence makes no difference at all. Most government-run institutions are in a pitiable condition. Private children's homes are in a better state. The authorities need to focus on providing the right care to street children. They need to be able to commit the money to support these children.Matthew Kurian Co-founder, El Shaddai Charitable Trust, AssagaoRegistration will definitely help in the monitoring of children's homes in the state. It has proven effective in Mumbai. Once registered, the progress of these children can be tracked. They can be identified if found anywhere. In fact, I had suggested a child tracking system, by which the information of any child found can be compiled in a database that would be accesed by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. This could prove valuable especially in cases of missing children. It would help in knowing how many children are there in how many homes.Fr Jose Sequeira Director, Konkan Development Society, OxdelAlong with the increasing children in need of care and support, illegal homes are also mushrooming. The implementation of Goa Children's Act will help in curbing the alleged illegal activities that take place in children's homes. Compulsory registration will ensure that there are no illegal children's homes. The registered children's homes will have to follow the rules and norms of registration; and this will ensure better care and facilities for the children. Frequent inspections should be held to ensure that the children's homes follow all norms. And registration of those which do not follow the norms and safety measures should be cancelled.Dipti Ashish Nagvenkar VJ, PanajiYes, I think it is necessary for children's homes to be registered. A separate group or organization could even be set up to keep track of these institutions. This will help in safeguarding the interests of the children, so that they do not endure sufferings or injustice.Sancet Marques Business, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872427", "title": "Anupam Kher \u2018celebrating\u2019 his father\u2019s death", "text": "Anupam and his brother Raju Kher are not mourning the death of their father Pushkarnath Kher. They are celebrating his going.Speaking in a bright positive tone far removed from filmmaker J.P.Dutta(who also lost his father a day before Anupam) Anupam said, \"W're indeed celebrating our father's death. He lived a full life. He witnessed so many wonderful happenings during his life. He liked to spread happiness wherever he went. I'm sure he's at this very moment making everyone laugh in Heaven.\"Anupam had left for Goa to attend his friend David Dhawan's son wedding when the news of his father's death reached the actor . He had to return from the Goa airport.Chuckles Anupam, \"I'm sure if my father had his way he'd have urged me to attend the wedding instead of returning.\"Recalls Anupam fondly, \"My father was my greatest critic and fan. He would call up from our home-town in Simla inquiring about every snippet of news that appeared about me in Hindi and English newspapers. 'Beta, unhonein aisa kyon likha?' he'd wonder at some insignificant but nasty news item. I had to remind him to just chill.\"Every morning unfailingly, Anupam made that morning call to his father to give him the lowdown on the previous day's activities.\"More recently of course my parents had moved to Mumbai to be with me and my brother. So I was relieved from the pain of missing that morning phone chat with him now when he's not available on the phone any more,\" says Anupam.Unlike the Duttas' residence which bears a pall of gloom after O.P.Dutta's demise on Thursday night, the Khers' home has shunned the normal deathly atmosphere.Says Anupam, \"Like I said we're celebrating his death. For the condolence meeting on Monday , we've asked all our friends to please not show up in the mournful black and white clothes. Come clothed in colours,please .Because that's what my father provided in our lives all his life. Lots of vibrant colours of joy and positivity.I know he's up there looking down at us. He will find a way to connect with me, just like he did even in those days of bad STD connections between Shimla and Mumbai.\"Incidentally J.P.Dutta got a surprise visit from Aishwarya along with his protege Abhishek on Friday .The Aishwarya-Abhishek relationship had warmed up on the sets of J.P.Dutta's Umrao Jaan.\"It was good to see Bahurani accompanying my Beta.We shared some good times during Umrao Jaan,\" says JP affectionately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11867371", "title": "3 spurious medicine sellers arrested in city, Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Continuing their offensive against vendors of toxic alcohol, police on Sunday arrested three more persons for selling \"dubious\" medicine brands that have so far claimed 35 lives in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar. The accused were owners of three medicine stores in the twin cities.While two of them were from Bhingarpur area, the worst-hit region near Bhubaneswar, the third accused hailed from Kantapada area in Cuttack district, sources said. Police and excise officials have so far arrested more than 20 people, including six employees of the controversial Eastern Indian Pharmaceutical Laboratory in the wake of the toxic alcohol tragedy. The laboratory was sealed for allegedly manufacturing the toxic medicines. Also on Sunday, police brought two employees of Eastern India Pharmaceutical Laboratory on four-day remand for interrogation. The accused, Bhagirathi Mishra and Biswanath Mallick alias Sania, were arrested on Friday.While Mishra, a sales agent of the company, was accused of hiding the toxic medicine brands --Epecarm and Cinnamon --in a warehouse at Baramunda, driver Mallick was in the eye of storm for allegedly playing a key role in supplying the spurious medicines to unauthorized chemist stores and liquor joints. \"We hope to gather vital leads during interrogation,\" a senior police officer said. Twin city police officials on Sunday also met in Bhubaneswar to chalk out strategies to fight the scourge of spurious medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872847", "title": "Valentine's Day: Celebs share their cherished romantic moments", "text": "Celebs on their cherished romantic moments on the eve of Valentine's Day ...Ayaan Ali Khan, classical musician\"It was the year after Neema and I were dating and my older brother Amaan, convinced her to surprise me in Delhi. I was waiting at a coffee shop waiting only to realise that it was Neema who walked in to surprise me.Purab Kohli, Actor\"I love the whole uncomfortable feeling about love. I had this crush on a girl in my 6th grade. Once she was sitting next to me. Slowly I held her hand, and the innocence of discovering the first touch of an opposite sex was something.\"Shenaz Treasurywala, Actor\"I had that giddy, butterflies in my stomach, head over heels feeling that you get when love is fresh and new. My hands shook, my voice changed, I had lost my appetite, and I had lost sleep, because I wanted to tell him. I am addicted to falling in love.\"Rahul Sharma , Classical musician :\"I believe in the concept of Valentine's day . Whenever I am playing Raag Pahadi, I imagine myself taking a stroll in the mountains of Kashmir with my wife Barkha. Romance can be experienced without the material trappings.Manavendra Singh Gohil, Erstwhile prince of Rajpipla and his partner Prajwal Miskin :\"We undergo the same feelings of romance as heterosexuals do. When my partner Prajwal Miskin was coming out with his feelings for me and was highly stressed thinking that how his parents will disown him and that even I would not stand up for him.\"Prajwal Miskin, Social worker\"Manavendra accepted me unconditionally. I wanted to tell him something about myself and feared that telling that truth he might go away but he did not. So forget Valentine 's Day, celebrating love in a normal ambience is always a 'no' for us.\"Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknoe", "code": "11872029", "title": "EC transfers two DMs, deputy IGP and others in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOE: The Election Commission on Monday transferred two district magistrates, a deputy inspector general of police and some other officers, officials said here.District magistrate of Rae Bareli, Lok Sabha constituency of Sonia Gandhi and which would go to poll on February 15, Amrita Soni has swapped places with DM Sitapur Ajay Kumar Shukla, they said.DIG Meerut Prem Prakash would swap places with DIF food and drug administration Hari Ram Shrama.Deputy SP Jaunpur Hari Nath Sharma has been transferred out of the district on a non-election post and deputy SP PAC Brajesh Kumar Srivastava has been posted in his place.Additional DM CSM Nagar Munni Lal Pandey has also been transferred out of the district on non-election post and additional commissioner Devendra Dixit has been posted in his place.Additional SP Gautam Buddha Nagar Rakesh Jolly has swapped places with ASP Barabanki Shriparna Ganguly.Inspector of Rae Bareli Sadar Kotwali Sudhakar Singh, inspector of Amethi police station Anand Bajpai and station house officer of Mohanganj in CSM Nagar Anil Kumar Shahi have also been transferred to non-election post.The reason for transfers in Uttar Pradesh, where assembly elections are being held, were not immediately known.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867241", "title": "6 die in separate road accidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six persons, among them two students and three women, lost their lives in two separate road accidents in the city in the span of 24 hours.In the first incident, on Saturday night, three persons on a bike met their end when they rammed into an electric pole at Qutbullapur in Hayatnagar. Although the accident might have occurred at around 8.30pm, police came to know about it only on Sunday morning when they were informed by locals.The victims have been identified as 19-year-old V Anil Kumar , who was driver, D Bharat Kumar, 21, a student of Musheerabad ITI and V Uttej Kumar, also 19 and a student of Vignan Degree College in Musheerabad.In another incident, on Sunday morning, three women from Malkajgiri were mowed down by a DCM van at Asmangarh. The victims have been identified as Anasuya, 53, Yellamma, 75, and Narsamma, 45. The trio, along with 35 others,was taking the van to an engagement function at Hamalbasti. However, the van developed a snag and had to halt.Rocks were placed under the rear wheels to prevent the vehicle from sliding away. . \"While the women were alighting from the vehicle, the boulders suddenly slipped away and the van ran over eight persons before crashing into a roadside tea stall,\" Malakpet inspector J Satyanarayana told TOI. Anasuya, who had sustained critical injuries to the head, died on the spot. The remaining seven were rushed to a nearby private hospital, where Yellamma and Narsamma succumbed to their injuries in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11873655", "title": "Ek Main Aur Ek Tu - KJo's second success in a row", "text": "After 'Agneepath', Dharma Productions was come up with another success story in 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu' within quick succession.It seems to be the year of Karan Johar so far. After the first superhit of the year - Agneepath coming from his stable, Dharma Productions has another winner in Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu in just a span of two weeks. The Kareena Kapoor - Imran Khan starrer had a decent start with Rs 21 crore collection over the opening weekend. With the film largely catering to metro-multiplex audiences, business is good in urban centers over single-screen territory. The Valentine Day on Tuesday should help the business of this romantic-comedy grow further. The other release of the week - Valentine's Night (Payal Rohatgi - Sangram Singh) was expectedly a disaster.The coming week sees the release of Prateik Babbar - Amy Jackson's Ekk Deewana Tha . The Tamil ( Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa ) and Telugu ( Ye Maaya Chesave ) versions of the film were huge hits and it needs to be seen whether the Hindi remake clicks with the audience as well.The second release is a less-known film called Married 2 America starring Jackie Shroff , Archana Joglekar and Raghuveer Yadav. Also Percept Picture Company is releasing a horror flick titled in a monosyllable ' ? ' which seems to be a rip-off of the Hollywood flick The Blair Witch Project. So there isn't any potential threat to Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu and hopefully it could have a decent second week as well.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Ek Main Aur Ekk TuPosition: 1Director: Shakun BatraCast: Kareena Kapoor, Imran KhanUpside: Lighthearted treatment, subtle humour, Kareena Kapoor's natural actDownside: Shallow storyRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Had a decent start with Rs 21 crore collection over the opening weekend. With the film largely catering to metro-multiplex audiences, business is good in urban centers over single-screen territory. The Valentine Day on Tuesday should help the business of this romantic-comedy grow further.Film: AgneepathPosition: 2Director: Karan MalhotraCast: Hrithik Roshan , Sanjay Dutt , Rishi KapoorUpside: Good performances by Hrithik-Sanjay-Rishi Kapoor, Good direction, retains essence of originalDownside: Priyanka Chopra romance track drags, long runtime, brutal action works against family audienceRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Gali Gali Chor HaiPosition: 3Director: Rumy JafryCast: Akshaye Khanna, Shriya Saran, Mughda Godse, Satish Kaushik, Annu KapoorUpside: Interesting and topical theme of corruption, decent acts by Akshaye Annu Kapoor and Satish Kaushik, riveting first halfDownside: Dragging and disappointing second half, unwanted romance track, abrupt endRunning Week: 2Box Office Verdict: FlopFilm: PlayersPosition: 4Director: Abbas-MustanCast: Abhishek Bachchan , Bipasha Basu , Neil Mukesh, Sonam KapoorUpside: Interesting theme, thrilling train-robbery in first half,Downside: Poor performances, predictable suspense, average direction, too many loopholesRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict: FlopFilm: Valentine's NightPosition: 5Director: Kirshan-BaadalCast: Payal Rohatgi , Sangram Singh. Rahul MinzUpside: Practically nothingDownside: Bad plot, bad performances, bad directionRunning Week: 1Box-Office Verdict: Flop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11869608", "title": "Pondicherry Central University rises in protest", "text": "CHENNAI: A collective 'raid' by students of Pondicherry Central University found rotten veggies and rice in the college mess, sparking a major protest inside the campus since Sunday afternoon. The students' act was during the Sunday lunch time inside the kitchen of boy's canteen, where they reportedly found rotten vegetables and several kilograms of rice and adulterated food items. Students who took out all the food items from the kitchen marched to the university main gate next to the East Coast Road. The protest is still going on, blocking the entry of vehicles into the campus.According to a post graduate student, the raid was conducted on Sunday after they found that the food which served during lunch time was bad in taste. \"We immediately decided to enter the kitchen, where we found rotten items and cigarette buds in the dishes. It was extremely unhygienic and in bad quality. We decided to take out the entire items and marched to the Gate No. 2, where we sat till Monday morning, preparing dinner there itself,\" he said.Not less than 1,000 students are involved in the protest as they have been complaining to the management of unhygienic food for several months. Students said they were being ill-treated by the chief warden of the hostels and the university vice chancellor even after they have reported about unhygienic food. Nearly 500 students who camped at the main gate of the university stayed there whole night protesting and they organised a students march inside the campus on Monday morning.\"We do not want to discuss this issue with anyone other than the vice chancellor. We gheraoed the university registrar on Sunday evening after he made an attempt to threaten some of the students for leading the protest. Last time, when we were invited for a meeting to resolve a similar issue, we were served show cause notices for questioning the authority instead of discussing the issue. We demand for a public meeting of students in the presence of vice chancellor,\" said one of the students, who wants to maintain anonymity as the management is likely to take action against a few students who leads the protest. A senior faculty in the communication department said if the students have the rights to rate their faculties, they can rate their food also.The canteen which was allegedly served rotten food items feed not less than 1,000 students lives in the boys hostels. When contacted, the vice chancellor or the registrar of the university were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866068", "title": "Going for couple of delights", "text": "It's the day to celebrate romance and pleasure with memorable tokens of affection for your sweetheart - an occasion when gifts can be unique, thoughtful and fun, all at once!And while love is in the air all over the city, markets are buzzing with special and unique gifts to help lovers pick the best for their soul mate. Giving simple teddy bears, cards and flowers is now becoming a thing of the past as nowadays there are unique couple gifts to look out for in the market, which include couple t-shirts, mugs and teddy bears.Available in various colours, these interesting couple t-shirts have become the latest rage among couples this Valentine's. \"One can pick these from an attractive range of colours available in the market which include black, white, light blue, light green and peach,\" said Vinod Saini, senior manager at a city store.He adds, \"These are famous among all age groups as the size is such that it fits all. Moreover, these are regular t-shirts anyone can wear, but they need to be worn together to make sense. Therefore, they are sold as pairs.\"What make these t-shirts unique are the designs and prints on it. \"If one t-shirt has 'LO' written on it the other one will have 'VE' and unless both are worn together, it won't make sense. These are perfect Valentine's gifts that a couple can gift to each other,\" said Saini.The heart is the universal symbol of love; everyone recognizes it and relates to it. Keeping this in mind city markets are also flocking with interesting illustrations made on t-shirts.These include, \"complete my heart t-shirts\" which when placed together make a heart, \"love is on the way t-shirts\" in which a road stretches from one t-shirt to another reading, \"I am waiting for you\" and other reading, \"I'll be there\". Then there are \"love me tender t-shirts\" wherein the guy's t-shirt has a boy playing guitar whose music is going up in the air and girls t-shirt has the music notes coming to her heart.Akshay Puri, a customer at one of the stores, said, \"These are really cute concepts. I will certainly buy one of these couple t-shirts for me and my girlfriend. I am sure she will love them. Moreover, my girlfriend is the one who always comes up with such things before me, but this time I will surprise her.\"Shweta Singla, who bought a pack of \"you complete me t-shirts\" said, \"These t-shirts say all we can't express in words. They are too adorable and cute, plus the price is very reasonable. I am just wishing that my fiancA\u00a9e likes it too.\"A pack of two t-shirts costs Rs 1,099 which is not much and does not leave a hole in the pocket, said Saini.Another fact that makes these couple t-shirts interesting is the packing. \"I loved the packing of these t-shirts. They are simply rolled into a small box together with a cut out of both the t-shirts hanging on one side inside the box. While they are wrapped one can't figure out what is there inside it,' said Rajeev Sharma, another customer, who bought a pack for his friend who recently got married.Other than these t-shirts there are also a wide range of couple mugs available in the market to choose from. These mugs when put together make a heart. Mostly available in red and white colour, these mugs are priced at Rs 500 or below. Couple pillows and a pack of cute teddy bears is yet another Valentine's gift available in the market priced at around Rs 1,200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11869036", "title": "Sanitation woes plague Sahakar Nagar", "text": "BANGALORE: A pensioner's paradise, away from the city's hustle and bustle, this area has now become the most sought after in north Bangalore. The growth engines are well-planned layouts, proximity to Hebbal, BIA and connectivity to NH-7 through Bellary Road and Outer Ring Road.The first settlers were members of the Posts and Telegraph (P and T) Society. \"This entire place was a veggie garden and farm fields, away from the city's crowd and peaceful for all of us who were either retired or on the verge of retiring from the P&T; department. We formed a society and decided to live here after retirement,\" said BM Devarajappa, president, Sahakar Nagar Residents' Welfare Association.He came here 19 years back, when the layout was approved directly by the state government. \"If we were to go through BDA or private builders, it would have been 50% more than what we paid. I got my 30/40 site at Rs 97,000 which would now be Rs 80 lakh,\" he said.In course of time, Sahakar Nagar housed defence and cooperative societies' members. The residents' welfare association members took charge of getting utility connections, roads and parks to their blocks.Devarajappa said, \"Because we were from the same fraternity, it was easy coordinating for the maintenance and development of the residential areas. BMTC, BBMP and BWSSB helped us get bus connectivity and Cauvery water.\"Today, many living in the heart of the city want to settle down here. Real estate boomed in the surroundings -- Kodigehalli, Sanjeevini Nagar and Thindlu. \"We shifted to Sahakar Nagar from Mahalakshmi Layout four years ago because my son studies in Delhi Public School (North) and the travel time to his school has reduced,'' said Meenal Paul, resident of Habitat Cedar Residents Welfare Association, Thindlu.Some of the best schools like Delhi Public School (North), Vidyashilp Academy and Canadian, Ryan and Trio international schools are scattered around the north of the city.VIVID CULTURAL LIFESahakar Nagar boasts of a park where residents hold Sangeeta Sabhas every week and celebrate Nage Habba (laughter festival) every month. This 1 km-long park has a children's corner and fountains around. In the earlier days, when this place was not considered to be part of the city, many films were shot here, showing it as a faraway land. Even now, filmmakers shoot song sequences here. The temple in the middle of the park is where commercial soaps and films are shot.The area boasts of the Mahesh Bhupathi tennis village, which also encourages children in cricket, basketball, football and swimming.SOME PROBLEMSResidents complain about BBMP's management of utilities. \"We managed the garbage efficiently before the wards came under BBMP. After the Palike took over, the frequency of garbage collection has reduced,\" said Devarajappa.Cauvery water does not reach residents outside the boundary of Sahakar Nagar cooperative societies. \"We got water connections but supply has been erratic. There are no sanitation lines and the area stinks when it rains. We have been living with promises made by BWSSB and BBMP,\" said Ravi Shankar , resident of Canara Bank Layout, Sahakar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11865340", "title": "More geese collared in Mongolia seen at Paradgaon", "text": "NAGPUR: After the NU collared bar-headed goose being sighted near Paradgaon lake on Umrer road for the last four years, three more such geese were spotted near the lake. Two of them have been identified as K60 and X97 which were collared in Mongolia .The NU goose was collared to study their migration patterns which fly over the Himalayas. The recently spotted geese had been collared in 2011 to study the spread of avian influenza virus (AIV) and recognize possible vulnerable areas where they could spread.Tarun Balpande and Surendra Agnihotri who spotted the geese on the banks of Paradgaon said that this sighting proved that the lake is proving to be the chosen wintering ground for these migratory birds which travel around 4,000km to come here.They said the reason for this is the amount of paddy and wheat fields around the lake. \"These birds are pure vegetarians and love shoots. And they get a lot of it in the fields surrounding the lake. Also, the lake has red grass which they eat,\" said Balpande.Agnihotri said that the banks of the lake might be another attraction for birds. \"Many lakes don't have proper banks but in Paradgaon there are a lot of marshes with weeds growing in abundance which are liked by the bar-headed geese,\" he said.While they have expressed their happiness and the importance of this sighting in further research, the bird watchers are worried about the future of the lake. \"We have noticed that the water level in the lake has receded by around 25m. Apart from this, poaching and illegal fishing are rampant. This might bring down the already dwindling number of birds visiting the lake,\" said Agnihotri.Dr Tarique Sani, a bird watcher of the city, said that it was a welcome news but he too pointed out the deterioration of the habitat saying that activities disturbing the region were rising fast.\"These birds form a pattern of their journeys which are hard to break. When the NU goose had come four years back for the first time, the lake was relatively undisturbed. But now, especially since the last one year, human interference has risen very much,\" he said.Balpande said that it had become important that such birding hotspots be given protection too as they play an important part in the life cycle of migratory birds.\"Even the posting of one forest guard or police official to keep an eye on the illegal activities will help a lot,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872317", "title": "A global classroom", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)-International Curriculum, which is being followed by 30 schools in nine countries excluding India, will now be taught in CBSE schools in India as well.CBSE has decided to introduce the international curriculum (CBSE-i) in select schools in India from the academic session 2011-2012 (classes I and IX). The board will be offering CBSE-i curriculum on a pilot basis in 50 schools, representing all regions of the country.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the board has schools across the world, catering to the needs of Indian students settled in different countries. The students in these schools need a curriculum that is in-sync with global trends and current pedagogical patterns.The board, therefore, wants to provide a globally sensitive curriculum that will help Indian learners either to pursue higher studies in countries abroad or interact meaningfully with global markets for ensuring active participation in the development process. He says, Initially, in the academic year 2010-2011, this curriculum was implemented in about 25 schools in Middle-East and South Asia as a pilot project for classes I and IX. Now, the curriculum will be initiated in India in schools that are willing to adopt this curriculum.Critical skillsCBSE-i curriculum, to be introduced in the month of April or July, aims to promote critical and creative thinking skills, effective communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills and information and media skills. The curriculum, in its first phase, will be open to all CBSE schools, which express interest in it. Later, in the next phase, around 50 private and government schools from India will be selected by the board to offer this curriculum.However, before that, selected schools will have to undergo an orientation programme and then apply to the board in order to obtain a grant. The board will also provide training programmes to teachers covering philosophy, content, methodology and evaluation issues. It will also extend teacher-support materials for guidance and self-learning modules in the form of online teacher support groups, adds Joshi.As far as evaluation is concerned, learners, according to Joshi, will be evaluated based on continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE). The focus of assessment would be on testing the skill-base of learners. The existing CBSE curriculum is based on the National Curriculum Framework (NCF)-2005. The international curriculum will keep all the significant components of NCF as its base, building on it to provide a more learner-friendly, stress-free and skill-based approach.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "11872621", "title": "Tirupati Balaji idol to be brought to Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: For the first time in history, the idol of Tirupati Balaji from Chittor district of Andhara Pradesh, the world's most revered idol, is being brought to Kathmandu later this month.According to the organizers, the Venkateshara idol will be kept at grounds of Open Air Theatre, where generally political leaders address their supporters during mass meetings, on 25 February for the Nepali devotees to pay homage. The wedding festival of Tirupati Balaji will be solemenised the same day and the idol returned to Tirumala.In the only Hindu kingdom in the world up to 2006, when Nepal became secular, and a republic in 2008, some 85 per cent of the population is Hindus.The organizers of the Shree Tirupati Balaji Wedding Festival Main Celebration Committee have not divulged the details about the transportation of the idol to the Himalayan capital because of security concerns but said the Nepal Army will provide security once it enters Nepali territory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nobel laureate elinor ostrom , the first woman to win a nobel for economics, has done path-breaking research in political economy, focussing on managing common pool resources like forests, fishe-ries and irrigation systems to maximise long-term returns from these. challenging notions about elaborate governmental regulation needed to manage environmental resources, ostrom spoke with nitin sethi about changes individuals can make, the urgency to move beyond debates - and the role of information", "code": "11863138", "title": "'We have this image that people are helpless \u2014 i want to get rid of that'", "text": "Nobel laureate Elinor Ostrom , the first woman to win a Nobel for economics, has done path-breaking research in political economy, focussing on managing common pool resources like forests, fishe-ries and irrigation systems to maximise long-term returns from these. Challenging notions about elaborate governmental regulation needed to manage environmental resources, Ostrom spoke with Nitin Sethi about changes individuals can make, the urgency to move beyond debates - and the role of information:You have written extensively about not waiting for nation states to resolve climate change - but can't only nation states manage the effort to reduce emissions?No. Individuals owning a house can do a fair amount within their house. Communities can do quite a bita\u00a6yes, there is a definitive role at the national level but right now, we have this image that people are helpless - that's the image i want to get rid of.However, the big issues of emission reductions are deter-mined by altering industrial patterns and commercial systems. Changing these is beyond individual citizens who can only change their own lifestyle - your view?That change does take various public officials. But what i'm concerned about is that sometimes, there's this suggestion that a paper is going to solve the problem - but it isn't. There's been a lot of natio-nal legislation that has not really accomplished some of the goals. And i'm particularly anxious that we don't wait more. But yes, we've got to elect officials who are concerned about climate change.You've researched environmental commons - how different is dealing with a 'commons' of atmosphere?There are differences because of scale. But if we think the scale is only global, then we have to wait for international agreements and debate who created the situation , who should pay for it and in what proportion. These are big debates between developing and developed countries about historic responsibilities. I think they're important but we can go on for five or 10 years having these debates without doing anything. What i am very worried about is more years of not doing anything isn't a good situation for you and i.How do you see individuals and communities reacting to climate change beyond their governments in the West today?In Europe, they're doing a lot better than many other places in the worlda\u00a6the gas tax in Europe is much higher than in the United States - their tax is ridicu-lously lowa\u00a6but if information is available, it can make a huge difference. Imagine this simple thing - campuses in the US are beginning to drive competition between their residential dorms as to who can use the least energy. That gets the undergra-duate much more informed of what they can do. While they're competing with each other, they're learning things. When they have really good meters which can tell them what's going on, they can make choices.But in a country like India, where you have roughly 400 million people without electricity and no question of meters, can you really ask them to do more?Well - but we take their forest away from them.What can the West do to assume more responsibility for lowering emissions?Well, for one, i'm very concerned about clean cooking stoves. I get mad when they talk of making inexpensive solar cooking stoves in Chicago and importing these in India and Nepal . Instead, they should be looking for entrepreneurs and small-scale factories here, not so far away from where they're going to be sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865591", "title": "First semester results at Gujarat University delayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Gujarat University (GU) are a worried lot as their results of the first semester examinations are yet to be declared. While GU introduced the Choice-Based Credit System during the ongoing academic year, the first semester examination was held between the last week of November and the first week of December 2011.Even as the results of the first semester examination are yet to be declared, the time for filling the forms for the second semester examination is around the corner for the students.\"If we fail in the first semester examination we will have to appear in it again. At the same time, we will have to appear in the test of the second semester examination as well. This involves a lot of hard work and preparation in advance. However, without the results we are in the dark and unable to plan our studies strategically. We expected to get our results in around a month after the examination,\" said Prateek Shah, a student of GU.The university dad declared that students who failed in the first semester will be allowed to appear in the examination of the second semester as well.It had even delivered the answersheets of the students to the residences of the faculties who are assigned to check them. The delay has occurred despite this special measure.There are 28,000 students in the First Year (FY) Bachelor of Arts, 31,000 students in the FY Bachelor of Commerce, 5,000 students in the FY Bachelor of Science and 5,100 students studying in FY Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) and Master of Computer Application (MCA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867630", "title": "Cops upbeat on easing Salt Lake traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: Salt Lake is all set to reap benefits from the formation of the new commissionerate in Biddhannagar. To bail the passengers out of the traffic blues in the satellite township, and Sector V in particular, this new set up has charted out extensive plans, including setting up of traffic guards, banning heavy goods vehicle during office hours and introducing complaint cards for commuters.\"We will be working on several measures to improve the traffic system of the area,\" said Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar. It is learnt that police are trying to increase manpower to improve traffic management.To start with, police and the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) have decided to bar heavy goods vehicles from plying to and from Sector V during the rush office hours, i.e., from 8am to 12 noon and again from 6pm to 8pm, to avoid traffic congestion.However, the authorities are not bringing into the effect the earlier plan to introduce one-way traffic signal. \"We introduced one-way traffic movement on some roads for two days on experimental basis and found mixed reaction from the commuters. The existing two-lane movement will continue till traffic management is further strengthened,\" Kumar said.An official of NDITA, which is working in close collaboration with the cops, said, \"We had collected suggestions from several IT companies and discussed those with the police. These measures will help to improve the traffic management in Sector V.\"As per the discussion, the authorities will urgently repair the defunct traffic signals. There are eight such signals in in Sector V. Also, four manual traffic systems will be upgraded to automatic signaling system.In a move to ensure efficient patrolling, police have come up with the idea of introducing complaint cards to help commuters lodge complaints on any traffic mismanagement. \"We will be working to introduce this system and interface it with social network sites likes Facebook,\" Kumar said.The IT companies is Sector V have welcomed the initiatives taken by the police. Sector V Stakeholders' Association, an industries forum, had earlier submitted a list of suggestions to the NDITA on how traffic management could be improved in the area. Prohibition of heavy vehicles during office hours was an idea of this forum.Moreover, the commissionarate has decided to set up eight traffic guards in Salt Lake, Sector V, New Town, Lake Town, Kaikhali, Baguiati, airport and NSCBI airport premise. Already, 150 and 100 civic police volunteers have been appointed to assist the traffic police in Salt Lake and Sector V, respectively. Traffic guards will be set up where complaints could be lodged. There are plans to further increase the number of police stations by breaking up the existing ones so that police surveillance becomes more effective.he Bidhannagar police commissionarate has come up with a new traffic management plan for Sector V and Salt Lake. The plan includes setting up traffic guards, banning heavy goods vehicle to enter during office hours and introducing complaint cards for commuters who want to lodge complaints against traffic mismanagement.Rajeev Kumar , police commissionarate Bidhannagar police commissionarate said that they are working on measures to improve and develop the traffic management system of Sector V. \"We will be working on these measures further more to improve the traffic system of the area,\" he said.The Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) with consultation of the police have also decided not to allow heavy goods vehicle to enter in Sector V in the rush office hours from 8am to 12pm. in the morning and again from 6pm. to 8pm. in the evening to avoid traffic congestion, as most number of vehicles moves through Sector V in that time. However, the authorities at present are not bringing into the effect the earlier plan to come up with one way roads. \"We introduced this one way traffic movement on some roads for two days in the area on experimental basis and found mixed reaction from it. The existing two lane movement will continue till traffic management is further strengthened,\" Kumar said. The police is trying to increase manpower to look after traffic management.\"We had collected suggestions from several IT companies and put them with the police. These measures will help to improve the traffic management in Sector V,\" said a NDITA official.The authorities will urgently repair the damaged traffic signals in Sector V. There are eight such traffic signals in the area. Till date there were four automatic and four police controlled manual traffic system. All of them will be upgraded into automatic signaling system.The police is also mulling to introduce complaint cards for commuters to lodge any complaint to the traffic guards regarding any traffic mismanagement. \"We will be working to introduce this system and interface it with social network sites likes Facebook,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865057", "title": "Seed processing unit inaugurated on BHU's South Campus", "text": "VARANASI: The Rajiv Gandhi South Campus (RGSC) of Banaras Hindu University is all set to get a new look with the start of 12th five-year plan that also promises to see the establishment of innovative Institute of Tribal (traditional) Medicine and Molecular Biology, the first of its kind institute in the country, said Prof. Lalji Singh, vice chancellor after laying the foundation stone of seed processing unit at RGSC, Barkachha (Mirzapur) on Sunday.Taking to media persons after inauguration function that also witnessed inauguration of a visiting room at Vindhyavasini Girls Hostel on the campus, BHU v-c categorically disclosed the major plans that were in the pipeline to bolster academic and infrastructural facilities in the campus. \"The establishment of the institute will not only give fillip to the research and development of quality traditional medicines existing in the tribal belt, but the research in the molecular biology will also help to reduce the cost of ayurvedic medicine besides giving it scientific validation,\" added Prof Singh, a well-known molecular biologist and former director of Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB). He also said the campus would be the first in the country to be equipped with 'biological containment level four facility' focusing on individualised and personalised approach to come with preventive measures to allay diseases.Stressing on the earlier projects that have made some headway on the campus, BHU v-c said efforts were being made to start a department of veterinary sciences with start of bachelors and masters programme in veterinary sciences from the next academic session (2012-13), he also emphasised that the south campus might soon witness start of dairy-based food processing unit to bolster dairy business in the region. \"The unit would be developed on private-public partnership (PPP) model and the dairy institute would also start on the south campus in the coming days,\" he added.Highlighting the immense potential of the south campus to trap solar energy, BHU VC said the campus would be developed as eco-friendly campus witnessing optimum use of solar energy. All the buildings including hostels would be loaded with facilities to trap solar energy and it would be induced even in the streetlights to reduce the burden of pollution on the campus.The BHU VC also visited the water lifting facility and construction of water treatment plant at the south campus that promises to take care of water crisis in the campus. The office-on-special duty, RGSC, Prof RP Singh, said efforts were on to build a number of check dams to recharge ground water and use rain water for irrigation during summer season on the campus.Earlier, the BHU VC also gave a special lecture on 'mysteries of our origin' giving details of history of evolution of modern man besides stressing on some specific tribes in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865337", "title": "WR starts work to raise platform height", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) has begun work to raise the height of platforms at stations on its suburban network to ensure that a commuter does not fall on the tracks by slipping into the gap between the train's footboard and platform.A WR official said, \"Tenders have been invited to the raise the height of the platform no. 5 and 6 of Vile Parle station. We also plan to undertake work at Virar station in the coming days. The work will be carried out at other stations, too, if the height of the platform is found to be low when compared with the train's footboard. Ideally, the height of the platform should be between 760 mm to 840 mm from the track level. The raising of the platform is done periodically as the rail line also gets raised from time to time. The railway track is raised to prevent waterlogging during heavy rains.\"Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR, said, \"Since we have been carrying out the programme of regularly raising the height of the rail line, there has been no flooding in the Western Railway areas since the past three to four years.\"Tracks have to be raised because of development in the adjoining the railway lines. For instance, he said, \"Whenever BMC carries out road improvement works, its contractors always build the road at a higher level than the previous road. We have no option but simultaneously follow suit to prevent waterlogging on railway tracks.\"Raising the height of the track is a tedious process. \"If the level of the track has to be raised by 1 metre, it cannot be done in one go. We have to raise it inch by inch to reach the 1-metre level. Moreover, adequate incline has to be provided while carrying out this work or it can lead to derailment,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864785", "title": "City gets international arbiter after 11 years", "text": "NAGPUR: It took eleven long years for the Orange City to get an international arbiter, bringing the cheers amongst the chess fraternity here.At 25, Swapnil Bansod became one of the youngest Indians to clear the norms required to get eligible for international arbiter (IA) when FIDE approved the list of titles in its presidential board meeting in Al Ain, UAE, in the first week of February.A release issued by the Vidarbha Chess Association claims that Bansod as the youngest Indian arbiter and the second youngest in the world after KC Umesh of Nepal . Both the arbiters cleared the norm on February 6.In a chat with TOI, an elated Bansod said, \"I am feeling good after clearing the IA norm. In fact becoming the youngest is not a surprise to me as in 2009, I became the youngest to clear the Fide arbiter examination and at that time I decided to become international arbiter.\"On his future plans, Bansod added, \"Plans are simple, I will try and give more opportunities to the young and hard working arbiters.\"After clearing the examination of a Fide arbiter in 2009, Bansod did his duties during many local and state rating championships. To fulfill the norms of IA, Bansod worked as an arbiter twice during the Mumbai Grand Masters open in 2010 and 2011, once each in the Bhubaneshwar GM Open and at the Vizag GM tournament last year. His experience during these championships helped him to clear the IA norm.From Vidarbha, Bansod is the third arbiter to clear the IA norm after Adv Arvind Bade and Tarachand Bahadure achieved the feat in 1988 and 2001 respectively.The VCA release also claims Bansod as the 8th international arbiter in Maharashtra and 84th in India. Bansod gives the credit of his achievement to all the members of chess fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865113", "title": "BSRTB to move HC for temple restoration", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Religious Trusts Board (BSRTB) has decided to move the High Court (HC) for the restoration of the Centrally-protected monument - Mundeshwari temple - located in hilly Kaimur district.BSRTB president Acharya Kishore Kunal said that he would file a writ petition in the HC, if nothing positive comes up at a meeting with the ASI director general to take place by the end of this month.In 2008, he had submitted proposals to the ASI seeking renovation and restoration of Mundeshwari temple to prevent it from further decay. \"I had offered to provide funds for its restoration. But the ASI did not accept it. It said it has shortage of manpower,\" Kunal added.Kunal has been lobbying the ASI headquarters in Delhi since 2007 for its restoration work. The temple is one of the 'oldest' surviving temples which was built in the Gupta period (343 AD).\"The temple is in a bad shape. A heap of materials and large number of idols lie scattered in the area. If things are not given proper care immediately, irretrievable damage could be done,\" said Kunal.ASI (Delhi circle) superintending archaeologist K K Muhammad who was in town on Saturday felt the urgent need for its restoration. \"A separate, intensive and focused plan should be immediately made by both the state and the Centre for Mundeshwari temple restoration,\" he suggested.Muhammad on Saturday delivered a power-point presentation on how he restored over 200 ancient destroyed shrines in Morena district in MP after 2005. The shrines were situated in the ravines of Chambal, and infested by dacoits.Protecting Bihar's heritage temples, which are also suffering from dacoits and petty thieves for that matter, is no less challenging. Of late, attempts of theft have been reported at several state heritage temples, including Mundeshwari temple.\"Protecting every temple is not possible because of shortage of manpower. We should rather raise awareness among the locals,\" said Muhammad, who served as the ASI (Patna circle) superintending archaeologist from 1997 to 2001.Talking to TOI, ASI (Patna circle) superintending archaeologist S K Manjul, however, promised hope and added, \"We are planning to launch a comprehensive documentation programme for the purpose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11866241", "title": "Railway worker finds box of ornaments in train toilet", "text": "MYSORE: When Channabasappa, 50, a daily wage railway employee, reported to duty, it was a normal Sunday morning. As he got down to work cleaning the coaches of the Dharwad Express, he came across a steel box in the toilet. The honest worker handed it over to his superiors. The box contained gold ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh.The railway officials ensured that it reached its owner. The prompt and swift action by railway officials helped Nissara get back her ornaments within 90 minutes after she realized it was stolen. The box had 350 grams of gold ornaments, which has now been handed over to the owner by the senior divisional commercial manager (SDCM) Anup Dayanand Sadhu.Channabasappa had handed over the box to supervisor N Mahendra, who forwarded it K Harish Kumar, junior engineer in the mechanical department. When Harish opened the box they found that it contained gold ornaments. Harish immediately handed over the box to deputy station manager Rangarajan, who alerted the railway protection force and the SDCM. When Sadhu rushed to the railway station he verified its contents and reported to the railway police.Nissara and her father Sheikh Ahmed along with her child had been to Chennai and boarded Kaveri Express on Saturday evening to Mysore. Nissara and Sheik Ahmed are natives of Polibetta in Kodagu. On the way to Mandya, they realized that one of their bags was missing, which they reported to railway police at Mandya. They had told cops it contains gold ornaments and Rs 5,000 in cash. Crestfallen they traveled to Mysore and registered a case with the railway cops in Mysore. The complainant had given the details of the missing gold ornaments. When the railway police received information from the railway officials that the missing box had been found, the complainant along with police, immediately rushed to the railway station, police said.Nissara and her father Sheik were delighted when they noticed that the ornaments in the box were intact. After a thorough investigation and cross-verification, the ornaments were returned to the Nissara and her father. They were overwhelmed and thanked Channabasappa, railway officials and RPF and railway police for their efforts. Sheik Ahmed promised to reward Channabasappa.Cops are suspecting that those who lifted the box traveled in the Kaveri Express to Mysore and entered the Dharwad Express to empty its contents. It is surmised that they left the box thinking it didn't have any valuables in it. Police are trying to locate the miscreants by tracking Sheik Ahmed's cell phone, which they have stolen.PRAISES FOR HONEST CHANNABASAPPAChannabasappa, who works late into the night to earn his livelihood, is a modest man. \"The box is not mine, so I don't have any right to keep it. I just returned it.\" He said he is happy with whatever he did and said that he didn't need anything in return for his deed. \"But I would like to thank the railway and police officials for appreciating my work,\" added Channabasappa. \"He is a sincere and honest worker,\" said his superior N Mahendra.Channabasappa has been a cleaner here for the past five years. He works at the railway in the mornings and works as a watchman at a bar and restaurant in the evenings. He resides in Alanahalli layout near Siddartha Layout. Anup Dayanand Sadhu, was delighted and was all praises about Channabasappa for his sincerity and honesty. \"His sincerity has brought a lot of pride to the railways. He will be rewarded with cash prize and other awards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866502", "title": "People head to cosmetic surgeons to do away with wrong beauty treatment", "text": "PUNE: Several beauty-conscious patrons of the friendly, neighborhood beauty parlour are landing up at the clinics of cosmetic surgeons and skin specialists. With beauty enhancement services cropping up in every nook and corner, improper use of bleaching powder, chemical peels and facial packs is causing skin burn, hyper-pigmentation, redness, and severe itching in many, say doctors.\"I see two to three cases every month where the beauty treatment has gone awry due to half-baked knowledge among unqualified beauticians. The cases which we usually come across pertain to skin burns, hyper-pigmentation, allergic skin reaction and skin rashes due to improper use of cosmetics,\" said cosmetic and plastic surgeon Parag Sahasrabudhe.He also receives several patients showing side effects of chemical peeling. \"Sometimes the scars suffered during the process cannot be undone,\" he said.\"I recently came across a case where a 25-year-old woman had developed redness on the face, itching and pustules (small skin boils) soon after going in for beauty treatment. We treated her with antibiotics, anti-allergic drugs and moisturizers. It took her at least 10 days to recover and fortunately it did not leave any permanent skin scars or patches,\" Sahasrabudhe said.Cosmetic and plastic surgeon Ashish Davalbhakta said, \"Improper methods and unhygienic standards of conducting waxing can lead to folliculitis (skin infection) in which the skin develops multiple small skin boils. Besides, I come across cases where people have developed burns related to hot wax and scalding due to facial steam.\"\"In some cases where chemical peels are done in a parlour setting, rapid penetration of the peel can cause permanent scarring and pigmentation. I see one or two such cases every couple of months,\" said Davalbhakta.Usually, a neighbourhood general practitioner is the first point of reference whenever such problems occur. \"We do see such cases where insufficient knowledge has proven dangerous for skin health. Usually, the cases we come across are mostly related to the bleaching agent hydrogen peroxide, the improper use of which can cause skin rash and skin irritation,\" said Prakash Mahajan, president of the General Practitioners Association, Pune branch.Pallavi Sule, a member of the Association of Beauty Therapists and Cosmetologists - a pan-India organisation with over 10,000 members, said, \"The main rub lies in the fact there is no monitoring body for beauty treatment courses in India. Anybody can do a course from anywhere and get started in the profession. We have been following this up with the Union government and made several representations in the last four years. We want to get a licensing system in place, so that salons follow certain standards all over the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11864795", "title": "Security tightened", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Police are all set to face the public resistance at Vilappilsala. as the city corporation is set to resume the operations at the waste treatment plant here, as per high court order.They are expecting the worst as the local people have clearly expressed their intentions to resist the Corporation's trucks carrying garbage from city households with full might.Despite the resistance being a part of the people's agitation, They do not intend to go gentle on them as they are duty bound to provide security to the corporation, who are executing the high court order.\"The department has decided to face the resistance with full force,'' said E Sherafudeen, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Special Branch, Rural. Personnel from all the local police stations under the rural district Police have been mobilised for the purpose. There are 35 local police stations in three sub divisions, Nedumangad, Attingal and Neyyatinkara, under the Rural and not less than 10 personnel have been drawn for the action.Over 350 police officers, including 50 women officers, will be deployed at Vilappilsala. They will be armed with lethal and non-lethal weapons. tnnThe top officials of the rural police, including rural SP A J Thomaskutty along with the DySPs of Neyyatinkara, Nedumangad and Attingal sub divisions and 15 circle inspectors will be present to personally lead the force. The DySPs of the narcotic cell, crime detachment and district crime records bureau will also be there to assist them.A major thing of concern for the police on Monday will be the presence of women and children among the mob. \"There are woman police officers to deal the women among mob. But the presence of kids will weaken our action,'' the DySP said.The police would give out a caution to discourage the idea of bringing children to the agitation. \"If they do not comply, we would have to remove the children by force,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11866181", "title": "18 villagers held for assaulting police", "text": "MYSORE: Police have arrested 18 villagers on charges of trying to disrupt police investigations, assaulting police officers and damaging public property at Tirumakudlu Narsipura on Sunday. This follows the murder of a trader and subsequent tension that prevailed in the temple town on Saturday night.Tension prevailed in the town when hundreds of villagers opposed the arrest of Nithin Singh, son of Lal Singh, owner of a steel utensils shop for allegedly murdering Afis Ali (32), another steel utensils shop owner following a business dispute.Ali was murdered while he was taking out his bike situated next to his shop in the town Narsipura on Friday (February 10). However, police arrested Nithin Singh on Saturday and when they took him to his shop in a building situated beside the shop of Ali for investigations to recover some evidences, villagers opposing his arrest, gathered and pelted the police vehicle with stones and assaulted them, the cops said.Police reinforcement was rushed to the trouble-torn area and cops resorted to lathicharge to control the situation. Police sub-inspector Santhosh Kashyap attached to T Narsipura police station said they used teargas to control the situation and to disperse the mob. The official denied firing in the air. The police said the accused Nithin Singh has been sent to judicial custody for 15 days. Around18 villagers have been arrested for the Saturday's violence a case has been registered at T-Narsipura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "greg sebastian marinovich is the only one of the 'bang bang club's' four members to be standing on his feet today. two are dead and the third's legs have been amputated. between them, they share two pulitzers and a host of other prestigious awards from all over the world. greg, 50, co-authored a book on the 'club' that was made into a film two years ago. and what a film it was", "code": "11867734", "title": "Chronicler of conflicts", "text": "Greg Sebastian Marinovich is the only one of the 'Bang Bang Club's' four members to be standing on his feet today. Two are dead and the third's legs have been amputated. Between them, they share two Pulitzers and a host of other prestigious awards from all over the world. Greg, 50, co-authored a book on the 'club' that was made into a film two years ago. And what a film it was: a visual narrative on the lives of four 'conflict photographers'--all white South Africans who grew up in the apartheid regime, opposed it and exposed the apartheid regime-sponsored violence to the world-whose lives intertwined and took them to many parts of the world to record telling images of war and strife.Greg, who was in Kolkata to conduct a workshop for photographers from India, Nepal and Bangladesh , told TOI about his work and experiences. \"I didn't see open racism as a kid in Johannesburg because apartheid had been cemented by them. Blacks were supposed to be in some vocations and that was that. It was only later, in my teens, that I started questioning the established order. In University, I used to get into frequent brawls with racist whites, who would call the blacks 'oxygen wasters' and other such derogatory stuff,\" recalled Greg, 50. He was conscripted into the army in 1983 and his refusal to carry a rifle marked him as a 'communist' and invited harsh punishment. After a stint in Botswana, he returned to South Africa where, after many odd jobs, he started documenting the social impact of apartheid on blacks.\"The apartheid regime had by then started encouraging violence between different tribes of the blacks to show to the world that blacks couldn't rule themselves and ghastly violence became the order of the day in the 'bantustans', the black enclaves. I started sneaking into these enclaves and filming the gore. It was one of these photos-a Zulu set on fire by African National Congress supporters in September, 1990-that won him the Pulitzer the next year.It was at the time that he was risking his life to document the white minority government-inspired violence between blacks that he met his three friends: Kevin Carter , Ken Oosterbroek and Joao Silva. They photographed many heart-wracking and soul-wrenching scenes of violence and unimaginable brutality in conflict zones all over the world. \"We became very good friends and all of us shared the same socialist ideology,\" said Greg. The first of the quartet to go was Ken, who fell to friendly fire from peacekeepers near Johannesburg in April 1994. Greg was also injured that time. In March 1993, while on a trip to Sudan to document the conflict there, Kevin took photos of a starving child lying on the ground with a vulture waiting for the child to die. This stark photo of the famine caused by conflict in Sudan won Kevin the Pulitzer next year. \"But many started questioning why he didn't save the child. Kevin, who was on drugs, somehow lost his moral compass and committed suicide a few months later. Joao was injured in southern Afghanistan in October 2010 and both his feet were amputated.\"I have suffered serious injuries four times at various places. But that is to be expected. You cannot go into a conflict situation and expect to emerge unscathed every time. All that talk about conflict photographers' heroism is nonsense. What we go through during the brief period we are in such places is nothing compared to what the people there go through. Death or injury is part of the game , and you don't sit down a cry,\" Greg said. \"The book ('Bang Bang Club') is totally anti-hero,\" he adds.Greg says that when he looks back, he feels that the situations where he sustained injuries weren't that risky. \"It was the ones I came out of without a nick, like the many times I filmed people massacring each other with machetes and spears, that were much more dangerous,\" he tells TOI. He has had many near-death experiences, and one that he recalls vividly was during his trip to Afghanistan when Pakistani jet fighters started dropping cluster bombs. \"We took shelter in an abandoned house and one cluster bomb hit a beehive inside it. The bees attacked us. We had to make a choice between bees and bombs, and we decided to risk the bombs rather than get stung to death by the bees. We managed to evade the bombs,\" Greg says matter-of-factly. Recounting such nerve-wracking experiences with batting an eyelid can only come to the battle-hardened. But Greg gave it all up 12 years ago. \"My time was up. I was lucky, many of my friends weren't. Some who came out alive suffer from depression and other disorders. A few had to be institutionalized,\" he says.But its not that he has broken off from the subject completely; Greg documents the aftermath of conflicts these days, like the lives of young child soldiers who are adults now. Besides mentoring photographers across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "sonbhadra", "code": "11867570", "title": "Pollution in Sonbhadra not on political radar", "text": "SONBHADRA: Sonbhadra has no dearth of ironies. It is one of the richest districts in the state in terms of natural resources but its people are among the poorest. More than half of power generation in UP takes place here but it gets power supply for less than 10 hours a day.The finest quality of cement and concrete is produced in Sonbhadra but the roads are pathetic and only 13.2% people have pucca houses. It is a major revenue earner for the state but in return people here have got death and destruction because of high pollution level due to illegal mining and quarrying. The worst part is that these factors do not figure as main issues in the election .Sonbhadra is situated in one of the oldest hill ranges of UP --Kaimoor . More that 57% of the land is forest. Coal, aluminium, limestone, sandstone, riverside sand and many other natural and mineral resources are found in abundance. Cement factories and crushers producing concrete is one of the main industries here. However, there is no regulation. Only 15 crushers have been sanctioned but locals say over 250 are operating ; most of them illegal and violating the norms laid down by the Supreme Court.Ideally, every crusher unit should have water sprinkler to prevent silica dust from polluting the air. Machines should be used more to avoid human exposure to pollution. Trained blasters should be used to dig out hills to produce cement and concrete. All precautions should be in place to avoid a mishap. But norms are openly flouted. One can find a permanent haze here, which is actually a heavy concentration of dust particles suspended in the air.\"Pollution has not become a main issue in election because most contestants get donations from owners of crushing units,\" said Vijay, a local activist. Government doctors said on an average they receive 100 patients of tuberculosis and silicosis per month. Silicosis is an occupational lung disease that develops over time when dust that contains silica is inhaled into the lungs. There's no cure for silicosis. An affected person should not be exposed to pollution.Government has set up units for the two diseases but doctors say they cannot do anything substantial till the source of pollution is not removed. The chemicals released in the Son river by the metal industries is also causing water pollution which is hazardous for the people. The fly ash from the thermal power plants and cement factories is also a major source of air pollution here. Six units of Anpara and Obra thermal power plants generate 2800 MW but only 717 out of 1426 villages are electrified .Dinkar Kapur, a candidate of Jan Sangharsh Morcha, who raised the issue of pollution , said illegal mining is underway in connivance with the government officials and minister.Fast factsWildlifeTribal culture. District home to 18 scheduled tribes Oldest hill range of UP Fossil park with 1400 million years old fossil Mukhafall Stone carved temples Cave ArtsResourcesMineral resources: Coal, Aluminium, Sandstone, Limestone Power generation 2800 MW State's biggest producer of cement and concreteElections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867763", "title": "Uncle visits Norway kid, says he is traumatized", "text": "KOLKATA: Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya, the NRI couple from Kolkata whose children were taken away by a Norwegian child care agency, are hoping to get them back within a fortnight, depending on the court verdict. Anurup's brother, Dr Arunabhas Bhattacharya has already reached Norway and is waiting for the custody of his niece and nephew. On Thursday, Arunabhas met Abhigyan at his kindergarten and said that his nephew seemed quite disturbed. He will visit niece Aishwarya sometime this week, provided the child care agency grants him permission.In May last year, the agency had taken away Sagarika and Anurup's children, three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya, on the grounds that the couple was not looking after the kids properly. The children have been placed under the care of two different foster families. The siblings are, hence, unable to see each other.While the agency had refused to return the kids to their parents, it had agreed to hand over the kids' custody to uncle Arunabhas. On Thursday, Arunabhas met Abhigyan at his kindergarten and said that his nephew appeared quite sick and traumatized. If all goes well, he may meet Aishwarya this week.The NRI couple from Kolkata, Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya whose children Abhigyan (3) and Aiswarya (1) had been taken away by a Norwegian child care agency hoped that they will get back their children within a fortnight, though their ordeal is still on as the agency is taking time in returning the kids.Even Anurup's brother Dr Arunabhas Bhattacharya is in Norway now waiting for custody of the children, as the Norwegian agency had earlier conveyed to the court to hand them over to the uncle. Their children were taken away by the agency in May 2011 on grounds that the parents were not properly caring the children. Now the two children had been placed with two different foster care families and little Aiswarya is unable to see her brother even. The uncle was able to meet his nephew on Thursday at the kindergarten where Abhigyan studies and he appeared quite sick and traumatized. This week Dr Bhattacharya will go to the family where his niece stays, provided the child care agency gives permission.Sagarika said, \"I am eagerly waiting to see my children. Now, I am not allowed to see my children for more than twice a year. How can a mother stay away from kids who are so young?\"Anurup said, \"Though my brother is now in Norway, but the Indian embassy has advised him to put up at a hotel instead of staying with us.\" Anurup's brother is in contact with the child care agency and he is being trained on how to handle the children. He will appear before court within a fortnight following which the fate of the children will be decided.he had been advised by the Indian embassy not to stay with me and for that he is staying in a hotel.\" He is also in regular contact with the Norwegian agency, as he is being trained on how to handle the children once the children are handed over to him. Dr Bhattacharya will be appearing before the court within a fortnight and the court will decide about the fate of the children.Anurup's visa will expire on March 8 and he will need to seek an extension. \"I cannot leave Norway till our children are handed over to us. My brother had gone to the kindergarten. He found that Abhigyan was very frightened and had repeatedly urged Arunabhas to take him to his mother.\"said that his visa is expiring on March 8 and for that he needs to extend the visa. \"I cannot leave Norway, till our children are handed over to us. My brother had gone to the kindergarten and there he found Abhigyan to be very much frightened and had repeatedly urged to take him to his mother.\" Anurup is apprehending that the Norwegian agency might try to delay the process of handover of children. Still he feels that he would be able to go to India with his children. He said that he is willing to return to India immediately.Earlier, Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had taken an initiative to reunite the kids with their parents. Later, Union foreign minister SM Krishna had asked Norway diplomats to return the children. Tarun Dasari, an NRI living in USA, has started a campaign through his blogs for returning the Indian children to their parents in Norway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866679", "title": "Religious places shifting: Panel begins work", "text": "INDORE: In its bid to timely complete much-hyped Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), the five-member committee formed on the Supreme Court directive has begun its work for shifting of religious places coming in the way of BRTS.Around 80% of the 11.5 km long BRTS work has been completed and construction of road has been stalled at certain stretches due to religious places. The Rs 135-crore project has delayed by two-and-a-half years and the deadline for completion of the project has been extended four times.The committee comprising divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar, collector Raghvendra Singh, municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma, IDA CEO Chandramouli Shukla and joint director, Town and Country Planning (T&CP;) Sanjay Mishra has sought details about religious places from government departments. After going through details of inquiries, members of the committee will inspect the site before preparing a survey report.The collector is looking at the records of Nazul department to check whether the religious places have legal right of the place or not. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is checking whether the religious places were constructed in keeping with rules.The IMC is also checking at records. whether any illegal construction has been done at the religious places.The Town and Country Planning Department is verifying maps of the religious places to look for necessary clearances.Parashar, president of the committee, said they were talking to trustees of the religious places. On January 30, the trustees of Chhoti Khajrani mosque had presented their case before the committee. He said the trustees of religious places also showed interest in supporting the developmental works and they were hoping to come out with a positive solution.Besides, efforts are on at political level for shifting of religious places. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe, who has played a pivotal role in convincing people to part with the land for the project, said people have given land worth Rs 150 crore for the project.\"We are expecting the religious places will also set an example,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11866163", "title": "Traders turn cricketers for premier league", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Sunday was no normal day for a group of businessmen who fought it out on the cricket field in season 6 of 'Ludhiana Premier League' near Dad village on Pakhowal Road. The businessmen were divided into three teams called Heavy Weight Champions (HWC), Big Hitters (BH) and Joint Killers (JK).Family members of some cricketers joined the fun, playing audience, cheerleaders and also commentators.The first league match was played between HWC and JK with the former winning the match. The second match was between JK and BH, which JK won. The third league match was between HWC and BH and HWC won it too. The final match was thus played between HWC and JK in which HWC won the toss and chose to ball first. JK scored a total of 148 for 8 wickets in 15 overs. HWC, however, lost the match as they were all out at 123.Lifting the season's trophy, cricketers of the JK team cheered and danced around the ground. The other members also played good sport and joined the celebrations.Vishal Dhanda, captain of the winning team and also winner of the best game planner prize, said next time they will play along with their wives so that the whole family can enjoy and participate in the event. He added that the businessmen had organized a family dinner.Heavy Weight ChampionsPiyush (captain), Manu (vice-captain), Raja, Ishant, Preet, Rubi, Raghav, Puri, Vicky Wahi, Namit, Nikhil, Kansal (12th man)Big HittersHarshit (captain), Tinku (vice-captain), Ashu Singh, Marta, Bunny, Vikrant, Bunny, Manik, Arun, Gaurav, Ashu Sachdeva, Manish (12th man)Joint KillersVishal Dhanda (captain), Bhalla (vice-captain), Chintz Singh, Gaurav, Sunny, Sonu, Rinku, Dhingra, Abhishek, Gary, Ashish , Sparsh (12th man)Best batsman: Raja; Best bowler: Ashish; Best all rounder: Ishant; Best fielder: Piyush; Best game planner: Vishal Dhanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867671", "title": "Police pin hope on missing mobile phone", "text": "KOLKATA: Police are yet to confirm the motive behind the murder of Burrabazar trader Syamsundar B Popat at the Cotton Street-Kalakar Street intersection on Saturday. Cops now pin hopes on the missing cell phone of the victim, which can help tracking the killers.Popat initially took over his father's milk trade and started trading in spices with his childhood friend Anish Thakkar in 1994. On Saturday evening, the victim went to his clients to collect cash and was on his way to his office at Jamunalal Bajaj Street when attackers shot at him around 9.45pm. He was taken to Bisudhhanand Saraswati hospital where he was declared dead. Autospy report suggests the bullet entered from the lower portion of his right chest and got stuck in his heart travelling through his lungs. The nature of the wound confirmed that he was shot from a close range.It is learnt that Popat's younger brother Jyesh believes his brother was killed by robbers who were looking for the cash what he was carrying.Cops suspect there were two assailants who wrenched out the bag containing the cash after gunning Popat down and walked away. Along with around Rs 1.5 lakh cash, his dual sim cell phone was also in the bag. Around Rs 30,000 was found in his pocket and Rs 190 in wallet. His gold chain and rings also remained intact along with another cellphone in his hand.The modus operandi suggests the miscreants were professional criminals who were following Popat for some time. \"They have done a clean operation and the people present in the vicinity could not realize what happened. If the motive of the miscreants was to just snatch his cash, then why did they shot at him?\" asked a police officer. One robber or snatcher only opens fire when the person either raises an alarm or tries to resist. But those present during the incident claimed they heard nothing or did not spot even any scuffling on road.The incident left Popat's only son Bijay confused as he don't believe that his father had any enmity with any one. \"For past 14 years, my father is continuing business with Thakkar and there's no trouble between them,\" he said. Even his family members could not confirm whether Popat was asked for money by any extortionist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866600", "title": "State ATS seeks custody of IM operative Siddiqui", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) recently filed a plea in the New Delhi court seeking custody of Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui (27) for his alleged role in the German Bakery bomb blast in Pune.Siddiqui and the main absconding suspect, Ahmad Siddi Bappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, had conducted a recce at the bakery a few days before the blast on February 13, 2010. However, the ATS wants to know whether Siddiqui was aware of Bhatkal's plan to plant the bomb in the bakery.Incidentally, Siddiqui's name was not among those mentioned in the chargesheet filed by the ATS in December 2010 before a local court against alleged blast conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, who has been lodged at the Yerawada jail here, and six absconding suspects.The ATS had obtained permission from the court to conduct further investigations in the case under section 173(8) of the IPC.Siddiqui, a resident of Darbhanga in Bihar, was arrested by the Delhi police near Anand Vihar bus terminal on November 22 last year. His arrest led to the arrest of five others from different parts of the country for their alleged involvement in the blasts at German Bakery and Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore as well for the shootout and blasts at Jama Masjid in 2010.A 9 mm loaded pistol with 14 live cartridges, fake currency notes of Rs 2 lakh, two fake passports, a forged identity card of the National Cadet Corps and a fake driving licence were recovered from Siddiqui, the Delhi police said.According to the Delhi police, the IM terrorist module was led by Yasin Bhatkal, who met Siddiqui in 2008. Bhatkal is wanted in several blast cases across the country. The Delhi police commissioner has announced a reward of Rs 15 lakh for information on Bhatkal.Speaking to TOI, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said, \"Siddiqui is in the custody of the Delhi police till February 20. We have obtained a transfer warrant and filed a plea before the Delhi court seeking his custody. Siddiqui will be questioned in the bakery blast case. We recently registered a complaint against Siddiqui for attempting to plant a bomb at the famous Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple in Pune.\"The ATS is also co-ordinating with various states as well as central intelligence agencies to trace the absconding accused in the bakery blast case, Maria said. He, however, refused to state whether the accused were holed up in India or abroad.A Delhi police official said, \"Bhatkal had called Siddiqui from Delhi regarding the recce at German Bakery. Bhatkal then left for an undisclosed destination to assemble bombs to be planted at the bakery. He also established contact with Baig, a resident of Udgir in Beed, to plan the blast.\"Baig was arrested by the ATS in the Pune Camp area on September 7, 2010. His arrest enabled the ATS unravel, to a large extent, the chronology of events leading to the blast at the bakery.The chargesheet against Baig and the six absconders was filed on December 4, 2010. The absconders listed are Yasin Bhatkal, Mohsin Choudhary of Kondhwa in Pune, Riyaz Ismail Shabadri alias Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Ismail Shabadri alias Iqbal Bhatkal (both residents of Karwar in Karnataka), Fayyaz Kagzi alias Zulfikar Fayyaz Ahmed and Sayyad Zabiuddin Sayyad Zakiuddin alias Zabi Ansari (both from Beed).Baig is facing trial for conspiracy in the bakery blast case. The trial began on November 8 last year. The ATS has filed affidavits of 43 \"formal witnesses\", of whom 11 were cross-examined by senior lawyer A Rehman who is representing Baig.Six witnesses, including a photographer of the Pune police, the IT manager of 'O' Hotel, the tehsildar of the divisional commissioner's office and three doctors have already been examined by the prosecution in the case. The trial will resume on February 18.Not long ago, there were unconfirmed reports that IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal had been bumped off by members of the Chhota Rajan gang.The ATS investigators, however, maintain that such reports cannot be relied upon until an official agency confirms the same. \"We have heard similar things in the past about mafia don Dawood Ibrahim , but everybody knows what the truth is,\" the ATS official said.An ATS team had visited Bhatkal village in Karwar to verify the reports on Riyaz Bhatkal, but could not get any clear information, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865540", "title": "Ring Road project caught in a limbo", "text": "JAIPUR: The fate of the proposed 47-km long Ring Road, which is being officially projected as a permanent solution to get rid of heavy vehicles' movement through the residential areas, is still uncertain.The project which will connect Agra Road, Tonk Road and Ajmer Road was conceived a decade ago, but the work on it has been progressing at a snail's pace. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is still struggling to get possession of the land acquired for it.Work on the project finally started on December 21, 2011 when Sanjosh Supreme, the company which has been awarded the contract, began leveling the land in Dadiya and Nevta village. However, regular protests by farmers for better compensation for their land have been delaying the project.\"The work of leveling the land has started. But, we can start with the survey only when more land is acquired. The construction can take off one 26-bigha acquisition is done,\" said an official of Sanjosh Supreme Company.JDA officials claimed that till date land up to 19-km stretch has been acquired. \"We have received moderate response at the camps which were recently organized to issue reservation letters to the land owners. JDA will, however, soon take possession of more land,\" an official said.Last year, JDA began work at the project site 146 days after the scheduled date July 28, owing to farmer protests. In a meeting held two months ago, the authority decided to begin work on whatever land it had been able to acquire so that the project was not delayed further.It was to hand over 60% of the acquired land to the company to commence the project. However, it was mutually decided by the JDA and the company to start the project on the available land, which is far less than the requirement.Currently, the company is working on a patch in Nevta village in JDA zone 9 and Dadiya village in JDA zone 14. An official at zone 9 said JDA has started the work on project affected people (PAP) area and is leveling a patch of three kilometres, but frequent protests have affected the pace.Another official said, JDA and Sanjosh Supreme are set to simultaneously start work on construction of 90 m-wide transport corridor. JDA will develop commercial corridors on 135 mts on either sides of the proposed road.The farmers continue to oppose the project for better benefits and compensation as per the Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement (LARR) Act 2011 which is yet to be enacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865741", "title": "Plan for 3rd engg college in Bikaner invites RECA wrath", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when eight districts of the state don't have even one engineering college (neither private nor government); the state technical education department's plan to open a third government engineering college in Bikaner has not gone down well with the Rajasthan Engineering College Association (RECA).Authorities at the engineering college in Bikaner have expressed interest in having two more engineering colleges in same campus aiming at creating a hub of technical education. \"We are expecting the government's consent on starting a new engineering college here,\" said Rajit Singh, principal, Engineering College, Bikaner, which takes only token grant from government.RECA has called it as a waste of resources. There is no need to start an additional engineering college at a time when All India Council for Technical Education has allowed engineering colleges to keep any number of students depending on the available resources, their statement says. Sources said that this college already has an excess of 300 staff members. \"It seems that they are opening this college to accommodate the excess staff, both teachers and non-teachers,\" said a source.Former Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president BD Kalla jumped into the controversy and defended the claim of Bikaner Engineering College to have a cluster of colleges for the growth of desert region. \"This college deserves to be a knowledge hub. This cluster will fulfil the growing demand of engineers in oil and petroleum companies, solar energy companies and will produce more aeronautical engineers,\" added Kalla. He blamed private engineering colleges for creating a controversy out of insecurity.Jaislamer, Barmer, Baran, Churu, Dholpur, Pali, Nagaur and Jalore districts have no engineering colleges. These districts are devoid of technical education, as neither government nor private players have shown any interest in opening technical institutes.RECA also asserts that opening new colleges means more number of seats at a time when existing 150 engineering colleges have been unable to fill 20,000 of the total 50,000 seats this year. \"Ideally, the government should aim at strengthening the existing colleges rather than starting more colleges and reducing the prospects for private colleges in this situation,\" said the association statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867621", "title": "Industry frowns at mid-year tinkering of taxes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy is gearing up to present yet another tax-free budget, reserving the bitter pill of tax hike for a mid-year exercise, trade and industry bodies are crying foul and urging him to stick to the standard practice of making taxation proposal in the budget itself.\"Of late the government is changing tax rates outside the budget to score political brownie points during the budget presentation. As a result, while the budget is full of populist measures, the tax hikes make a backdoor entry in the subsequent months. We request the finance minister to stop this practice,\" said Nitin K Parekh, chairman of trade and commerce committee in the Andhra Pradesh Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industries (Fapcci).Last year, when Anam presented his maiden budget on February 23, it was billed as a tax-free, revenue-surplus budget as he could manage to show a revenue surplus of Rs 3826 crore even without increasing the rate of tax on commodities. But the Value Added Tax (VAT) on items including electronic goods and food grains was increased from 4 per cent to 5 per cent through a government order, on September 11.Before this, in July, textile products which were exempted from tax, were brought under the tax net with an imposition of 4 per cent of VAT, and the rate again went up to 5 per cent when the fresh government order was notified in September. Even in 2010, VAT on goods including confectionery, biscuits, chocolates, tooth paste, soaps, shampoos, cosmetics, stationery items and footwear was increased from 12.5 per cent to 14.5 per cent just a month before the budget was presented.\"The purpose of the budget is to show the people the ways and means of mobilization of resources and plan for expenditure. If you say there is no alteration in tax rates when the budget is presented, and latter you increase the rates, it spoils the very sanctity of the budget. I am not saying that tax rates must not be altered outside the budget, but such steps should be reserved for emergency,\" said V K Srinivasan, a renowned economist and vice-chairman of Indian Institute of Economics.A retired IAS officer , Srinivasan, said he tried to advice the government against such practices on several occasions but couldn't prevail upon the authorities as politics was their priority.M V Rajeswara Rao, secretary general of Fapcci, said because of the government's random methods of hiking taxes, business calculations of traders and industrialists were going haywire and it was not helping the government in funds mobilization either.\"If you wait for months to increase taxes after presenting the budget, it affects the quantum of revenue mobilization. The finance minister must be straightforward in his budget planning and must not bow down to political compulsions,\" he said.Commercial tax department that comes under revenue ministry is currently with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and sources in the government said that the CM was not in favour of increasing tax burden on consumers and hence the finance minister had little room for maneuvering.\"We are achieving revenue targets. So there is no call for any drastic steps and there is no question of hiking rates inside or outside the budget,\" said Anam. However, analysts are sceptical as they anticipate a usual mid-year tinkering of tax rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865795", "title": "Riverfront to stretch up to Karai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The riverfront is all set to stretch way beyond the bustling parts of the city. The Sabarmati River Front Development Corporation Limited (SRFDCL) plans to double its length from the original plan, thanks to a booming Ahmedabad seeing growth along the Motera-Indira Bridge stretch.The original plan was to develop the 10.6 km stretch between Vasna and Dafnala and invest Rs 1,500 crore in it. If all goes according to plan, the project will now stretch up to Karai, on the outskirts of Gandhinagar. The costs too will more than double, reaching Rs 3,500 crore.State urban development minister Nitin Patel said, \"The project will be extended in the second phase to cater to the growing city.\"The price of real estate has gone up substantially near Motera over the past couple of years. Even interior villages, like Koteshwar along the riverbank, have seen development. SRFDCL officials said the technical report is ready and the proposal to extend the riverfront has been forwarded to the revenue and urban departments for final approval.Officials said initially they were looking at a possibility of extending the project right up to Gandhinagar, but since there was no provision to have around-the-year water in the river there, it was decided to end it at Karai. Work on constructing the retainer wall has started.Officials were not ready to give details on the kind of development they had planned for the extended portion but said it would have everything, from gardens to commercial spaces and entertainment zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11865652", "title": "Excise, health depts trade blame on hooch tragedy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Blame game in the toxic fluid tragedy that has killed 35 people got murkier on Sunday with authorities in excise and health departments trading charges against each other for the crime.Drug controller A S Das said since the samples collected from the Eastern India Pharmaceutical Laboratory and the ones from the sale point in Cuttack were found to be totally different, a third party may have manufactured the liquor, the source of which the excise department should establish. \"Methanol is an excise item, not used in any medicine. The directorate of drug controller can't be held responsible for its use,\" Das told TOI. While the company's godown contained ethyl alcohol (ethanol), the tragedy site fluid had poisonous methyl alcohol (methanol), he added. The pharma company in question manufactures around 20 medicines, including vitamins and enzymes, and is doing business in Odisha since 15 years.Sources in the drug controller's office said the sale point samples were packaged in plastic bottles while the company's licensed products in its godown were in glass bottles. The style of writing of batch, shape and size of samples were different, raising the possibility of foul play.Drug authorities questioned the way the samplings were done at the epicentre of the tragedy in Tukulipada village in Cuttack, since signatures of witnesses contain different dates -- some as January 7 and others as January 8. \"This raises a question mark over the sampling, which may have been manipulated,\" an official said.Excise department officials, however, said since the incident involved use of medicine, they did not have much preventive role to play in anticipating such a tragedy. \"We have no authority to check medicine bottles available in the market for its constituents. That's the drug controller's duty,\" said excise commissioner Sudarsana Nayak.Sources in the excise department said since the company's \"bond room\", where alcohol containing medicines are kept, contained ethanol as allowed by the department, it was the duty of the drugs controller to find out where the spurious drugs came from.\"The drugs controller's market intelligence about such spurious medicines could have prevented the tragedy,\" said another senior excise officer. Three officers, one from the directorate of drug controller and two from the excise department were suspended on Saturday.Though the officials are trying to pass the buck, a close look at the procedure of medicine manufacture and delivery reveals that the drug controller is involved in every step of medicine preparation, from granting licence to the medicines reaching the customers. The excise department's role comes into play when constituents of the medicine attract excise duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865135", "title": "Global summit to have six sessions", "text": "PATNA: The three-day \"Global Summit on Changing Bihar\", scheduled to begin on Friday, would be spread over six plenary sessions and 10 thematic workshops. Experts of national and international repute would attend the summit which would have threadbare discussions on various issues.A special plenary session would be held on February 17 on \"Strategies for mainstreaming less-developed regions in the inclusive growth process\". It would have a special reference to Bihar. Former bureaucrat and JD(U) MP N K Singh would be its moderator. The participants include former Prime Minister of Japan Kan Naoto and London School of Economics professor Lord Nicholas Stern.RBI governor D Subbarao and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia would be among the key speakers.The session would be held at 5 pm at S K Memorial Hall, the venue for the event. The summit, which would be inaugurated by Nepal Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai at 3 pm, is being jointly organized by the Bihar Foundation, the Institute for Human Development and ADRI.Over the next two days, five plenary sessions would be held on various subjects. One would be on \"Transforming Bihar: Achievements, Opportunities and Challenges\". While the session would be moderated by the chairman of the Institute for Rural Management, Yoginder K Alagh, the speakers include Lord Meghnad Desai , Aditya Birla group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla and Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen. One plenary session would focus on \"Forging Partnership for Development of Bihar\". While the panelists for this session are SEBI chairman U K Sinha and Cobra Beer, UK, chairman Lord Karan Bilimoria , the moderator is former foreign secretary Muchkund Dubey.Three other plenary sessions would be held on Sunday. One would be on \"Accelerating industry and services in Bihar\". Chief economic adviser to the Union ministry of finance Kaushik Basu would be its moderator while the panelists include Housing Development Finance Corporation chairman Deepak Parekh , Infosys chairman K V Kamath and CMD of Brahamputra Iron &amp; Steel Company Kiran Mazumdar Shaw.The fifth plenary session would focus on \"Bihar's tradition of culture and philosophy and its contemporary relevance\". This session would be addressed by Chinese National People Congress's foreign affairs committee head Li Zhao Xing and former West Bengal governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi. The last plenary session would deliberate on \"Vision for Bihar's development and emerging agenda for action\". The speakers for this session have not been finalized yet.Besides, an interactive dialogue on \"Role of Cinema and Television in Cultural Renaissance\" would be held on Saturday evening with Doordarshan director-general Tripurari Sharan as its moderator and panelists like lyricist Javed Akhtar , filmmaker Prakash Jha, actors-cum-politicians Shatrughan Sinha and Shekhar Suman besides some prominent anchors of TV channels.All the 10 workshops would be held on Saturday at a hotel. The topics include \"Overcoming the constraints on faster agricultural growth\"., \"Strategy for urban development\", \"Building industrial capabilities\", \"Developing Bihar as an attractive tourist destination\", \"Raising and managing resources for a stronger Bihar\", \"Strengthening educational and training institutions\", \"Creating a more effective healthcare system\", \"Extending socio-economic and political roles of women \", \"Strengthening institutions for inclusive and equitable development and ushering in a socio-cultural renaissance\".The moderators and panelists of these workshops include ex-chairman of Special Task Force on Bihar S C Jha, chief secretary Navin Kumar, Indian Trust for Rural Heritage Development chairman S K Mishra, RBI deputy governor Anand Sinha, former Assam governor Gen S K Sinha and ADRI member-secretary Shaibal Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "11866033", "title": "Thai delicacies beckon foodies", "text": "MANIPAL: The two-day food festival \"Thai Chimney\" organized by the students of Welcomgroup Graduate School of Hotel Administration, Manipal, recently, was an opportunity for food lovers to tickle their taste buds with exotic Thai delicacies.Apart from the concept, the operational set-up, menu, service design, layout, decor and marketing of the event were taken care by students. It was a hands-on experience for them - from laying tables to taking orders and serving - it was their show.Some of the dishes served were: Thai veg spring rolls and chicken satay, leaf-wrapped sear fish, vegetarian and non-vegetarian dimsums, assorted seafood, stir-fried in red curry, massaman curry with vegetables, fiery and tangy vegetables in sweet garlic sauce, and chicken in Thai green sauce, served with vegetable fried rice and noodles.During the course of the festival, the work of each and every participating student was observed by the college faculty who evaluated them on food presentation and service. \"We also take into consideration the feedback from guests,\" said the head of the Food Production Department, chef K Thiru.\"Participation in such events is essential for students as they get an opportunity to come across real life situations, learn entrepreneurial skills and get a first-hand feel of the operation in which they are very enthusiastically involved,\" said Kulmohan Singh, vice principal of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865629", "title": "Cong goes in for minority appeasement in final list", "text": "PANAJI: Congress finalized its final four candidates on Sunday placating the Muslim community, approving M K Sheikh for Fatorda, keeping faith in Isidore Fernandes in Canacona, fielding a new face in Govind V Sawant in Sanvordem and rewarding former Youth Congress president Sankalp Amonkar in Mormugao.Probably, the most striking in the list is the omission of state Congress committee general secretary Vijai Sardesai for Fatorda in favour of GPCC vice-president Sheikh. Former BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot's name was also missing.It is surprising that Sardesai's omission comes despite the backing of chief minister Digambar Kamat who recently said, 'who dare deny a ticket to Vijai.'Kamat had lately come out strongly in favour of Sardesai as he was the only person who had the capacity to wrest the Fatorda constituency from BJP. The support Sardesai commanded, after four years of work in the constituency, was evident from the large number of supporters who gathered at his residence late Sunday evening to show their solidarity with Sardesai. Sources said some highly influential politicians worked to deny Sardesai the ticket under the pretext of reserving the seat for a Muslim.The denial of the Congress ticket to Khot from Canacona has also raised eyebrows as the BJP legislator had quit BJP on Friday hoping to get a Congress ticket, or at least a ticket from the party's alliance partner NCP.Sources said Khot also had Kamat's backing but the buzz is that Taleigao strongman and education minister Atanasio Monserrate was rooting for his good friend Fernandes. Khot's fate had several Congressmen quipping, \"Vijayak bap'pai nam, puddiem na\", meaning he is neither in the BJP, nor in the Congress. Sources said Fernandes' candidature was cleared after analyzing reports that the groundswell was against candidates imported at the last moment.Khot was singularly unfortunate as his two former BJP colleagues-Dayanand Sopte and Rajesh Patnekar-who embraced Congress four months ago managed to get Congress tickets in Mandrem and Bicholim respectively, thanks to the support of health minister Vishwajit Rane.Questions are being asked as to how both the candidates proposed by the chief minister failed to find favour with the high command and whether Kamat's influence is on the wane.Sankalp proved lucky as he reportedly had the support of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Otherwise it would have been the Mormugao seat that would have been given to a Muslim candidate.The final Congress list has 19 sitting MLAs, 10 new faces, two women including one youth (Valanka Alemao), two BJP imports and one Muslim. The presence of six families in the Congress list has drawn scorn from the opposition BJP, which has accused the party of trying to foist 'family Raj' on Goa.Having given seven seats to the NCP, the final Congress lineup of 33 candidates is as follows: Dayanand Sopte (Mandrem), Manohar Azgaonkar (Pernem), Rajesh Patnekar (Bicholim), Uday Palienkar (Siolim), Agnelo Fernandes (Calangute), Dayanand Narvekar (Aldona), Yatin Parekh (Panaji), Jennifer Monserrate (Taleigao), Atanasio Monserrate (St Cruz), Francisco Silveira (St Andre), Pandurang Madkaikar (Cumbarjua), Pratap Gauns (Sanquelim), Pratapsingh Rane (Poriem), Vishwajit Rane (Valpoi), Dhaku Madkaikar (Priol), Ravi Naik (Ponda), Subhash Shirodkar (Shiroda), Ritesh Naik (Marcaim), Mauvin Godinho (Dabolim), Caetano Xavier (Cortalim), Aleixo Sequeira (Nuvem), Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco (Curtorim), M K Sheikh (Fatorda), Digambar Kamat (Margao), Valanka Alemao (Benaulim), Churchill Alemao (Navelim), Joaquim Alemao (Cuncolim), Felipe Neri Rodrigues (Velim), Chandrakant Kawlekar (Quepem), Shyam Satardekar (Curchorem), Govind Sawant (Sanvordem) and Isidore Fernandes (Canacona).Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870276", "title": "UC Regents, UCLA Prof face felony charges in 2008 lab fire", "text": "Plea negotiations are continuing on felony charges brought recently against the University of California Board of Regents and UCLA chemistry professor Patrick Harran in connection with a December 2008 laboratory fire that killed Sheri Sangji, a newly hired staff research assistant at UCLA.A Los Angeles County Superior Court Feb. 2 postponed until March 7 the arraignments of Professor Patrick Harran and the UC Board of Regents.The delay allows ongoing plea negotiations on three counts each of willfully violating occupational and health safety standards, which resulted in the January 2009 death of the 23-year-old Indian American researcher.Based on labor code violations, the charges are thought to be the first stemming from an academic lab accident in the US, the Los Angeles Times reported.Sangji wasn't wearing a protective lab coat or the required protective garments Dec. 29, 2008, when a plastic syringe she was using to transfer t-butyl lithium from a sealed container to another came apart in her hands, spewing a chemical compound that ignites when exposed to air.She suffered extensive burns over nearly half her body when a synthetic sweater she was wearing caught fire and melted onto her skin. She died 18 days later.Harran and the UC Regents are charged with failing to correct unsafe or unhealthy conditions in the lab in a timely manner, neglecting to provide appropriate clothing, and inadequate chemical safety training and information.Harran faces up to 4 1/2 years in prison if convicted. Fines as high as $4.5 million could be imposed on the UC Regents.The Sangji family and its support group, including the University Professional and Technical Employees-Communications Workers of America, local union 9119, are urging Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley to vigorously prosecute the case \"to the fullest extent of the law.\"\"UCLA and Patrick Harran should be fully prosecuted for causing Sheri's death,\" a coalition press statement said.In the press release, the Sangji family expressed their contention that Harran, Sangji's boss, \"ordered her to transfer a highly dangerous chemical using a method contraindicated by the manufacturer of that chemical; did not give her appropriate training, supervision, or proper equipment for that work; did not provide her, or those around her, with any safety training.\"\"No one present in the laboratory that day was equipped to deal with emergency situations. When the fire started, nobody thought to put Sheri under a water shower. After the incident Patrick Harran engaged in a cover-up, removing chemicals from the laboratory and possibly destroying critical evidence,\" the Sangji family alleged in the statement.\"No one can erase the agony and suffering Sheri endured, but by allowing a jury to debate the facts of the case, you can bring about accountability and justice, and thereby save other innocent lives,\" they added.UCLA officials have responded that the death of Sangji was a tragic accident, but that felony charges are \"unwarranted\" and \"outrageous.\"\"Since the time of the accident, UCLA has fully cooperated with [Cal/OSHA] and the district attorney's office,\" the university said in a statement quoted by the Los Angeles Times.\"Cal/OSHA conducted an exhaustive investigation into the incident in 2009, which included interviews with UCLA officials and the examination of numerous documents shared by UCLA. That investigation resulted in [$32,000 in] fines, which were paid by the university, but ultimately found no willful violations on the part of UCLA.\"Kevin Reed, UCLA vice chancellor for legal affairs, told the Times that Sangji was well trained, had performed a similar experiment successfully and opted not to use available protective gear.\"We didn't just pluck her off the streets and put her in a chemistry lab. She was a trained chemist,\" he said.However, findings of a subsequent 95-page criminal investigation by Cal/OSHA, conducted by a different investigator, produced findings much more critical of Harran and UCLA.The report, completed in December 2009, but made public only recently, pointed out that Sangji was in fact not experienced or well trained in the safe handling of flammable air-sensitive chemicals.In addition, the report said UCLA, by failing to address previous safety lapses, had neglected legal obligations to provide a safe environment in campus labs.Harran, the report added, \"knew his laboratory was unsafe even before [Sanji's] incident occurred, and chose to do nothing - to wait until it was more convenient for him to correct the hazards, seeking a postponement of the correction for an indefinite period\" (until he moved into his new laboratory).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867597", "title": "With 42 green buildings, city leads the pack", "text": "CHENNAI: The state may be hobbled by a severe power shortage, but its capital is home to more green buildings than any other city in the country. Chennai is home to 42 of the 212 structures in India that are certified as eco-friendly by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC).Chennai is followed by Mumbai, with 29 green buildings, and the National Capital Region (28), among cities awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification by IGBC. Hyderabad and Bangalore are tied in fourth place with 24 each and Kolkata is sixth with eight.Tamil Nadu tops the states with 47 green buildings and 57 more have been registered for certification in 2011, a big increase over previous years. Sriperumbadur has three green buildings , Tirupur, two, and Madurai , Salem, Siruseri and Coimbatore have one each.Among the green buildings in Chennai are the Turbo Energy office complex in RA Puram, Menon Eternity in Alwarpet and Shell Business Service Centre, all with platinum certification, the highest rating. Platinum is followed by gold, silver and certified ratings, based on sustainability, waste management , use of natural resources and indoor environmental quality.Anna Centenary Library and the new Tamil Nadu assembly building are gold-rated as is Express Avenue Mall.Viswa Syamalam, a house in Madipakkam, is one of only two individual homes in the country to have received a green rating . It was awarded platinum rating in 2009. The other green home is in Hyderabad.\"People in Chennai have been proactive about green buildings,\" says Sathiaram Ram, managing director of En3 Sustainability Solutions Pvt Ltd, a green building consultancy in Chennai. \"The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is also promoting the concept.\"What is a green building?A green building is one that uses less water, is high on energy efficiency and sustainability, generates lesser waste, conserves more natural resources and has a better indoor environmental quality than a conventional buildingGreen Is Gold For State BuildersTamil Nadu Developers Grab Business Opportunity As Eco Buildings Get Popular; Clients Save On Energy, Water BillsToday's monoliths of concrete, glass and steel will soon be replaced by green, selfsufficient buildings and towns. Eco-friendly blueprints are off the drawing board, hauled onward by energy-saving rafters and photovoltaic louvres on gigantic cranes, as the cities of the future rise from the grime of urban sprawl.While these new cities are taking shape in China, the United States and various European countries, builders in Tamil Nadu are getting into the act too, constructing ecologically sustainable buildings that generate their own power, stay cool with cornices covered with native plant species that require little water and save electricity with occupancy sensor-fitted lighting.According to the Indian green building council (IGBC), there has been a sharp increase in the number of buildings in Chennai that have been awarded green certification over the past three years.Chennai leads the country with 42 green buildings with leadership in energy and environmental design (LEED) rating. Only 10 buildings in the city won the rating from 2004 to 2008, while 37 buildings received the rating between 2009 and 2011. Experts attribute this to rising ecological awareness as well as business opportunity: Green certification gives builders a new branding option.\"For a consumer, the green certificate is a third party validation, just like a college degree. They are ready to pay more for a green building,\" says Sathiaram Ram, managing director of En3 Sustainability Solutions Pvt Ltd, a green building consultancy in the city.A green certificate is also a sign of corporate social responsibility. \"Many IT companies have adopted the concept as company mandate or an initiative for sustainability ,\" Ram says.There is also a rise in the number of buildings that have been registered for green certification , with builders needing to ensure that the structure meets certain parameters in terms of sustainability, waste generation and conservation of natural resources.Fifty-seven buildings were registered with IGBC for green certification in 2011, 13 buildings in 2010, and 25 in 2009. The rating is divided into four categories , based on how ecofriendly the structures are, with platinum at the top, followed by gold, silver and certified buildings.At Rane Institute for Employee Development (RIED), Perungudi, workshops and conferences are conducted in which participants can see the benefits of an energy efficient building. The RIED building, a silver-rated green building, is equipped with low-flow showers and sinks and solar PV cells to reduce water and energy consumption.\"The building is well lit to ensure we do not have to use artificial lighting during the day. At other times, we use compact fluorescent lamps that save electricity up to 20%,\" says N Hari Babu, vicepresident , RIED.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867480", "title": "\u2018I know how to deal with criminals\u2019", "text": "In February 2004, deputy superintendent of police Shailendra Kumar Singh, then with the UP Special Task Force, resigned from the service. In his resignation faxed to the governor, he expressed his inability to discharge duties honestly at a time 'when criminals were calling the shots in the government, administration and in the police'.The immediate provocation was his face-off with madia don Mukhtar Ansari in which he was not supported by the government. Eight years later, he is facing another mafia don Brijesh Singh in the poll battle. In a candid conversation with Arunav Sinha, the Congress candidate shares his vision about his hometown.What prompted you to join politics ? Was it an overnight decision or you had thought over it?I contested 2004 Lok Sabha poll as an independent candidate. In 2005, I joined Congress. I contested on a Congress ticket in 2009 general election and secured third spot. There was a difference of 5,000 votes between me and the winner.So how do you rate your chances this time?There has been a passage of eight years since I embraced politics. In these eight years, the electorate has matured to a great extent. The voter is educated , aware and knows that even one vote can make a significant difference. This election will definitely be a turning point for India's democracy. As far as my contest with Brijesh Singh is concerned, let me clarify, I had dealt with mafia earlier during my stint in the STF and know how to deal with them in the election arena.What are issues on which you are seeking votes?I had resigned citing the criminalisation of police and administration. So, my first priority would be to clean up the existing rot. The law and order situation in Chandauli and adjoining districts is bad, and it is being dubbed as the Naxal-zone of UP. I would try to strengthen law and order in the region, to restore peace and development activities in the region. Since the demise of Kamlapati Tripathi, the region has been moving back every year, as nobody cared about it.Do you think Anna effect will bear any positive result this time?Thanks to Anna Hazare and his awareness campaign, the voter now knows his real worth. This has to some extent helped in raising the voting percentage in the first and second phase of UP election. And I feel that the voting percentage will only rise in the subsequent phases.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "one of the most important urban architects in post-independence india, padma vibhushan charles correa has inspired generations of young architects with path breaking designs, be it the carefully detailed mahatma gandhi memorial museum at the sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad to jawahar kala kendra in jaipur, the planning of navi mumbai, mit's brain and cognitive sciences centre in boston, and most recently, the champalimad centre for the unknown in lisbon. excerpts from an interview", "code": "11865841", "title": "Sky City a ridiculous idea: Correa", "text": "One of the most important urban architects in post-Independence India, Padma Vibhushan Charles Correa has inspired generations of young architects with path breaking designs, be it the carefully detailed Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Museum at the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad to Jawahar Kala Kendra in Jaipur, the planning of Navi Mumbai, MIT'S Brain and Cognitive Sciences Centre in Boston, and most recently, the Champalimad Centre for the Unknown in Lisbon. Excerpts from an interview:I know you like Kerala and Malayalis. Many Malayalis have worked for you. Your comments on how the state can move forward.Kerala is a beautiful place. I would always like to come back. One main area you have to concentrate on is transportation. You have to make good roads. Since Kerala is a linear state it is easy to make good transportation. Linear transportation always works better. If transportation works, people can stay away from work place.Recently there was a proposal for making an express way from north to south of Kerala. The project is now stalled. Do you think that we should go ahead with the project?It is a very good idea to make the express way, but it should be away from the coastal area which is densely populated. This should be connected to the existing coastal road by east west connections. You can develop a north to south water transport system .What is your opinion about architectural education in India?The need of the hour is good teachers. I think we should have a system to educate teachers. We should have good training centres for training the teachers.There is a proposal to make a Sky City on pillars with buildings and a road across the back waters of Kochi. What do you think of it?It is a ridiculous idea probably initiated by profit makers working with corrupt people.It seems that you don't like tall structures. Is there any logic?There is no meaning in tall buildings since good results can be achieved by low level development, say up to five stories. This can bring the buildings to human scale with intimate open spaces. Most tall buildings are built by developers who do not understand the logic between built space and utility space around. Padmanabhapuram Palace is a good model where built areas mix well with open spaces.When is your next visit to Kerala?Most probably to experience Thrissur Pooram which I understand is a festival of sound, colour and light.S Gopakumar is a noted architect based in Kochi, and president, Better Kochi Response Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864971", "title": "DPS chief backs 25% quota for poor", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief of one of the country's top school brands says reserving 25% seats for underprivileged students in private schools is the right step. Ashok Chandra, chairman of Delhi Public School (DPS) Society, was in the city to attend his local branch's annual function and spoke to TOI on the most controversial section of the Right To Education (RTE) Act.\"Under the RTE, there is a provision to reserve 25% seats in private schools for the underprivileged children. It's a right step since we have to achieve social integration,\" said Chandra.DPS Society is a powerful body whose members list reads like a who's who of the country. Union minister Salman Khurshid, Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and former bureaucrat VK Shunglu are just some of the names who serve as members of the society which has almost 150 schools under its fold.\"Private school owners do have some issues regarding the reservation policy which have to be taken into consideration as well. They have queries on the financial burden that the reservation policy will place on the schools, but I believe we can work out a solution to this as we go along,\" said Chandra.When asked if this reservation policy is government's acceptance that the standard of teaching at government schools has fallen drastically, Chandra preferred to be politically correct. \"I am myself a product of a government school and so are many other well-known people. All I will say is that reservation is important for social integration,\" said Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871668", "title": "Omi Vaidya's love story similar to Jodi Breakers", "text": "The Chatur of '3 Idiots' says the Bipasha-Madhavan love story in 'Jodi Breakers' bears an analogy to that of his real life romance.Omi Vaidya, the 'Chatur' of 3 Idiots has turned a popular face in Hindi films with films like Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji, Desi Boyz and Players to his credit. His next film is Jodi Breakers where he continues his comic legacy and plays a womanizer this time.Interestingly the actor says that the love story in Jodi Breakers bears an analogy to that of his real life romance. \" Jodi Breakers is not a typical boy-meets-girl story. It is a story of a boy and girl who know each other but are not in a relationship. They are together because they want to make money. Love happens over a period of time, unknown to them\", says Vaidya.So how is it similar to his love story? \"It was not love-at-first-sight between my wife and me. Initially we were not inclined towards each other romantically. We were just good friends and it clicked between the two of us subsequently\", reveals Omi. In his opinion such kind of bonding lasts more. \"That's because we fell in love based on mutual enjoyment of each other's company and not merely on physical attraction\".In Jodi Breakers , Omi Vaidya teams up with his costars from earlier films. He worked with Madhavan in 3 Idiots and with Bipasha Basu in Players . \"Having worked with them earlier, I was comfortable playing a shameless character of a womanizer because I knew they won't be judgmental about me\". In the last couple of years, Omi is much more at ease in Bollywood. \"I have made friends and know people and their functioning\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869934", "title": "Sahajiya Utsav in Kolkata", "text": "Sahajiya Utsav kicked off at a packed city auditorium on Friday. As part of its third edition , 10 folk artistes from Bengal were felicitated.The event also saw folk band Sahajiya sharing the stage with PABAN DAS BAUL. They jammed on \"Banka nodir pechhole ghate.\"\"Our goal is to promote Bengali folk music into the world music arena,\" said Deb Chowdhury of Sahajiya. Artist Hiran Mitra painted eight canvases live on stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "shooting for debaloy dey's next will happen in bhopal keywords", "code": "11871776", "title": "Debaloy Dey's next in Bhopal", "text": "Shooting for Debaloy Dey's next will happen in Bhopal Keywords: Shooting, Debaloy Dey, BhopalAfter much hullabaloo finally the shooting locations of director Debaloy Dey's next flick, which is a horror movie, have been locked. While the first part of the movie will be shot in some prominent locations of Bhopal, the second half will be shot in parts of Jabalpur.Sharing the details of the project the director informs, \"We had earlier short listed a few locations including Chiklod, Purana Raj Bhawan, Old City of bhopal, and some areas near Arjun singh's house for the shooting and have finally taken a call that these are perfect locations for our theme. So now the shooting will happen in these very locations and that too very soon,\" Debaloy says, adding, \"For the second part of this movie we have locked a few locations in Jabalpur.\"The shooting schedule of the untitled movie was cancelled last month in Allahabad due to some infrastructural challenges. \"Allahabad was in a very bad condition as far as the infrastructure is concerned, absolutely not conducive for shooting, therefore we had dropped the idea of shooting there last month,\" Debaloy further adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865701", "title": "Sikar police 'biased' in hit-and-run case", "text": "JAIPUR: Sikar police has been accused of being biased in a hit-and-run case in which a jeep being driven by an influential liquor contractor ran over a 45-year old Dalit labourer. The deceased's family members alleged that the police were trying to protect the accused under the influence of an MLA and some other people belonging to a particular caste. The family members also claimed that they have lodged an FIR, but action is not being taken.According to the police, the deceased identified as Mahaveer Balai was a resident of Jhadeva village under Laxamangarh police station area in Sikar district.\"He was walking home after work on January 11 when a jeep ran over him. Three men apparently under the influence of alcohol were spotted in the vehicle by other villagers when it sped away,\" said Mukesh Balai, a relative of the deceased.He added that an FIR was lodged with Laxmangarh police station after Mahaveer died while undergoing treatment at a hospital in Sikar.\"We have told the police several times about the jeep and its owner involved in the accident, but the accused were not even questioned once. The jeep belonged to an influential liquor contractor who has the protection of an MLA,\" Mukesh said.He added that they have even approached the Sikar SP and all police officials concerned demanding justice but nothing has been done.A senior police officer said the people involved in hit-and-run case are being identified. \"Investigation is on,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867316", "title": "This V-Day roses to be a thorn in your wallet", "text": "CHENNAI: With only a day left for Valentine's Day, florists are pulling out all the stops. However, there is nothing romantic about the prices. With orders pouring in every few minutes, the prices of roses have skyrocketed in the city. A small hand bouquet of red roses will cost 500, while a larger more elaborate bouquet accompanies with champagne , chocolate and a teddy bear will cost 8,000.The trend this year is presenting your loved one with a huge bunch of roses in the shape of a heart. The roses will be inside a basket, with accompaniments if you can afford it. \"Elaborate arrangements such as these include other flowers like orchids, anthuriums and lilies and can cost anywhere between 1,500 and 3,000 without the accompaniments. But this year, though the orders have gone up, the size of the orders has diminshed,\" said Apurva Tulysian, a designer at Ferns and Petals, a boutique shop.Florists say that rising prices seem to have forced people to opt for the lightweight handheld bouquets. \"We have got plenty of arrangement orders, but more handheld orders with lesser roses have come in compared to last year,\" said S Krishna, from Sri Hari Florists. Another trend that is sweeping the city is that people have opted for different colour roses in the bouquet. \"People have also been requesting pink and white roses, or at least alternating them in the red rose bouquets, because, they may get in a rose or two more at the same price,\" Apurva said.The city's romantics though say they aren't going to let economics take the sparkle away from the day. \" I think red roses are the ultimate gift for a romantic occasion. It is my first Valentine's Day after marriage so I do not mind if it lightens my wallet,\" said Maria Verghese, a resident of Kilpauk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11867370", "title": "BSP implicates people in false cases: Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav said if his party was voted to power, SP leader Vijay Mishra would be released from Meerut jail where he is lodged for allegedly conspiring a bomb attack on BSP minister Nand Gopal Nandi. Yadav was addressing a rally in Bhadohi.\"Mishra will be out of jail and those who conspired against him will be put behind bars,'' Mulayam said, while alleging the ruling BSP government of implicating people in false cases.Nandi was injured grievously while two persons including a journalist were killed in the bomb attack that occurred in Allahabad in July 2010. Yadav said that farmers will be given fresh loans on an interest of 4 percent, besides waiving off their previous loans up to Rs 50,000. He claimed that if SP wins farmers will get water for irrigation free of cost.Yadav also hit out at the Congress on the issue of 4.5 percent reservation to Muslims within the OBC quota. He said that his party has proposed a quota of 18 percent for Muslim on the basis of their population.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867205", "title": "AICTE facing heat over faulty approval process", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fifty four engineering colleges, that had received clearance from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), are now facing the threat of demolition as they have been found to be operating without the necessary compliances. And it is the council that the state government is looking towards for an explanation as to how clearances were issued to colleges which did not fulfil the essential criteria.A flawless land use certificate is one of the preconditions for the AICTE to give approval to colleges. But the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) insists that none of these colleges have the required land use certificate. To add to it, their application for regularisation under the Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS), too, has been rejected.All 54 colleges, which are to be demolished by the end of this month, are located in Ranga Reddy district. While their applications were rejected under the BPS scheme last year in May, they were served demolition notices on February 9.The council, which was, till recently, reeling from allegations of high-level corruption, had gone for a 'surprise inspection' drive in the academic years 2010-11 and 2011-12. It had inspected 105 colleges in the state during these surprise visits and given clean chits to 99 of them, including the ones now facing demolition.HMDA now, has widened the scope of the crackdown and served fresh showcause notices on over 50 other colleges. . Over 300 colleges in both Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy are now under scrutiny, it was learnt. The demolition notices have come at a time when the state government itself is questioning AICTE for giving permissions to colleges without considering the demand for seats.This year, 40 colleges have applied for approval to take students. \"The government has been requesting the AICTE top brass to be stringent in their approval process. But with the authorities turning a blind eye to such violations, the quality of technical education in the state is sure to remain poor,\" said an official from the higher education department.Technical education experts said that the fate of students studying in the colleges, which stand to be demolished, is now AICTE's responsibility. Before the demolition starts, the students will have to be accommodated in other colleges.When asked about the major flaw, AICTE officials in AP responded that \"colleges could have submitted fake documents to get approval\".\"Only the state government can verify land use documents. AICTE officials do check the documents but they cannot always verify whether they are in order. We have already filed several cases against colleges for producing fake documents. If proven guilty of forging documents, they too will be penalized,\" said Dr RK Gangal, director and regional officer, AICTE.Defending the council, he said that, for the last two years, the approval process has been more than sufficiently strict.HMDA insists none of these colleges have the required land use certificate. Their applications for regularisation under BPS Scheme, too, have been rejected earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11865099", "title": "Chamcham on a roll in Nari", "text": "NAGPUR: Eunuchs are notorious for extorting money from citizens.However, right now they are busy in demanding votes for three fellow eunuchs contesting the city corporation elections slated for February 16.Rubbing shoulders with nominees of the major parties are three eunuchs- Chamcham Gajbhiye (from Nari), Mahi Tele (from Pardi) and Sangeeta Khadatkar (from Dhammadip Nagar). With just two days left for electioneering to end, they have intensified their campaign. TOI on Sunday trailed Gajbhiye.The potholed streets of North Nagpur have been made colourful by fellow eunuchs who have converged at the ward to campaign for Chamcham and have been attracting crowds with their dancing and clapping.Indeed, Chamcham's grand development plans strike an instant chord with the people weary of listening to political speeches. Her six point manifesto includes regular water supply across city by scrapping 24x7 scheme, ownership of hosues to slumdwellers, improving education standard in NMC schools, opening computer library in schools and job schemes for youths.\"You have seen both men and women as corporators...give me a chance now...I have no one for whom I will indulge in corruption,\" she explains to residents.Her election symbol is road roller. \"Chamcham was able to attract good crowds,\" said an autorickshaw driver Sahebrao Sirsat.Chamcham, Mahi and Sangeeta might have little or no chance of winning but their messages certainly finds support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "atam nagar", "code": "11865806", "title": "Mehras eagerly wait for Rajeev to turn 44", "text": "ATAM NAGAR: For businessman Rajeev Mehra's birthday this year, his son Sahil is going to come from Delhi, his daughter Vasudha is going to bunk college classes and his wife Seema is going to gift a Toyota Etios car. Rajeev's birthday, clearly, is a family event they wait for with a lot of expectation, more so because it comes only in leap year.Born on February 29, Rajeev, a resident of Atam Nagar, says he enjoys his birthdays a lot because of all the attention he gets.Rajeev, who will turn 44 this year, said: \"My family and friends make sure I enjoy every bit of my day and have enough memories to last me four years. There are usually more than one birthday cake to cut because friends and relatives bring them to me. My wife also makes the choicest food for me and we party.\"His wife Seema said the last leap year they had a big bash on Rajeev's birthday. \"My husband's friend Vikas Gupta, a businessman of Rajguru Nagar, brought a cake for him and even my brother Vikas Kapoor, who stays in Major Sham Lal Road, brought cake for the birthday boy. I cooked all his favourite foods while our kids attended to the guests. It was plain to see that my husband was very happy,'' said Seema.This year too they are planning a big party on February 29. \"My son Sahil, who works in Delhi, called me up a couple of days ago saying he is very excited and will come with a surprise for 'papa','' said Seema, adding that Vasudha, a student of BCom-II at Shree Aurobindo College has also set her mind on skipping college.As an expression of their love, the family is planning to gift Rajeev a Toyota Etios. \"He deserves it because he is a great husband to me and a very loving father to our children,'' Seema added.Looking forward to the celebrations, Rajeev said he feels lucky that his birthday is a special occasion for his family members and friends. \"I feel blessed by their sweet gestures,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870957", "title": "Why Imran Khan can never be Salman", "text": "Imran Khan is constantly talking of how he is a huge Salman Khan fan. And for the time being Imran will remain just that.He can not hope to topple the sitting Khan or his contemporaries Aamir and Shah Rukh because Imran has been giving very moderate hits.For e.g. his latest film Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu barely managed a decent start on February 10. The film's collections did look up on the weekend and EMEAT did get something to the tune of 18 odd crores over three days but it amounts to very little.Salman as everyone knows managed to get something to the tune of 21.5 cr for one day for Bodyguard. Agneepath bettered this by a margin. However the important thing is that Imran who is looking to break into the top leagueafter the success of I Hate Luv Storys and Delhi Belly has a long way to go as far as matching the box office of the big three Khans go.What his movies collect over three days do not match up to what a Salman can get in one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869635", "title": "Bobby Deol is happy for sister Esha Deol", "text": "The suave Dostana actor made a flying visit to Chennai as part of the cricket team from Mumbai.Catching up with CT for a quick chat on cricket and more, Bobby says, \"I'm not playing in these matches but I'm enjoying the team play. It's fun; it's like being in school,\" he smiles. \"But I do play gulli cricket.\"So, when do we get to see him on the field? \"I was hoping to be part of the 11 but I am part of the 15,\" he laughs. \"I hope I do get to play next year. I never realized how serious this cricket was. We are all actors first and it's not so easy to make time for practice. It's always teamwork that works. All of us love cricket and that's our driving force.\"As for how Bobby got into the cricket craze, he says that Suniel Shetty was the reason. While shooting in Canada , the cast enjoyed a few games and after watching Bobby play, Suniel felt he should be part of their team.Speaking about Chennai, he says, \"I've not really seen the city but I used to come here as a child with my dad since he used to shoot a lot here. I love the coastal area here. As a child, I went to the Crocodile Bank on ECR and Mahabalipuram.\"His sister Esha got engaged on Sunday and since Bobby is busy with cricket, his elder brother, Sunny, is filling in for them both at the ceremony. When we mention her engagement, he says happily, \"Yes, it's a great time for everybody!\"And does he have plans to do any south movies? \"You need to speak the language,\" he says. We tell him that Mani Ratnam works with a lot of Bollywood actors and he shoots back, smiling, \"Then you should tell Mani Ratnam that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "11865905", "title": "'Emaar-MGF proxies usurped AP land'", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: CBI recently filed a chargesheet in a land scam case of Andhra Pradesh in which it said realty firm Emaar-MGF (EMLL) allegedly created 10 companies in the name of its employees on directions of its MD to usurp prime land being developed near Hyderabad, causing loss to a state-run firm.The CBI alleged that as per the agreement dated January 29, 2005, over 100 villa plots under Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) were to be sold at the prevailing market rate and it was the responsibility of EMLL to fix the rate. However, the company did not take any action in this regard.The case relates to the land scam of Hyderabad in which principal home secretary of the state B P Acharya and other bureaucrats are also accused of allegedly hatching a conspiracy to cheat the exchequer of Rs 43.50 crore while EMLL and Dubai-based Emaar Properties PJSC earned Rs 167.29 crore.EMLL managing director Shravan Gupta allegedly gave \"instructions\" to acquire or incorporate 10 companies (seven in Delhi and three in Ernakulam) with his company's employees as directors and shareholders, the CBI alleged in the chargesheet filed in a Hyderabad court.The purpose of these companies was to block prime plots in the project which could be sold at a premium later, the agency said.The CBI carried out investigations on the instructions of Andhra Pradesh High Court after it was found that funds for setting up these companies were allegedly transferred from Discovery Estates Private Limited in which Shravan Gupta and his wife hold 99% shares. These companies allegedly blocked 18 plots at a rate of just Rs 5,000 per square yard in 2010 while the market rate was Rs 50,000 per square yard, the agency said.The CBI carried out forensic examination of the laptop of Vijay Raghav who was the head-south of EMLL which revealed that the company allegedly sold another set of 16 villa plots at a much higher rate in 2009-10. However, they accounted only Rs 5,000 per square yard in account books while the rest was taken in cash as misappropriation by the company, the agency alleged.Accusing the company of criminal conspiracy and cheating besides other charges under the Indian Penal Code, the CBI alleged that EMLL sold another set of 102 villa plots and misappropriated the amount. The agency found that Rs 48 crore was payable to Emaar Hills Township Private Limited (EHTPL) by EMLL which was to be further shared with APIIC. The CBI alleged it was never transferred to the books of accounts of EHTPL to deprive APIIC from its due revenue share.The CBI alleged that EHTPL was a shell company managed by employees and officials of EMLL with the sole purpose to deprive profits to APIIC and misappropriate the revenues from the integrated project. \"258.36 acres of land was further assigned by M/s EHTPL in favour of M/s Emaar MGF Land Ltd vide development agreement dated July 25, 2007 without the consent of APIIC, though it had 26% equity in the said land,\" the CBI alleged. The additional land was also disposed of by EMLL in a similar fashion by showing sale proceeds as Rs 5,000 per square yard while misappropriating the excess amount in cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865891", "title": "Plastic waste to strengthen Goshree Road", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to check plastic waste hazard, the public works department has given final shape to the project to use plastic waste while tarring roads. A 400-m stretch on Goshree Road near the high court will be tarred using this method, at a cost of Rs 30 lakh.Waste plastic will be mixed with stone and tar, and later with bitumen before asphalting roads. \"The mixture does not harm environment and will reduce tar content by about 10 per cent. It will also help reduce plastic hazard in cities. Roads made using plastic will also last longer than ordinary ones,\" public works minister V K Ibrahim Kunju said on Sunday.The project is being carried out with technical help from the Kerala Highway Research Institute and Natpac and was done on an experimental basis in Thiruvananthapuram.The decision to go in for this novel technique instead of the traditional method of tarring roads was taken at the recently-held infrastructure conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11866242", "title": "Panchkula criminals unplugged", "text": "PANCHKULA: What is entertainment and information for you is an education for someone else. The frequent criminals of Panchkula pick up their innovative tricks from crime soaps on television, turning the reel life into their real life.When Ravinder, who executed 11 crimes on his own, including the infamous abductions of Jiya, Arnav and Mehak, was arrested by Panchkula police, he revealed having gained ideas and skills from crime documentaries aired on popular news channels. The criminals do not miss these shows as it is a part of their work, the pre-planning part, as you may call it.Serving as a learning school, these shows guide them about what to do and not to do in order to execute their 'tasks' successfully. The fact came to light during the remand period of most criminals nabbed in the recent past by Panchkula police.\"Even they need to apply brains in executing their plans. And it is through these crime shows and movies they learn how to make strategies and how to escape without leaving a clue. They are quite regular about their lessons,\" said station house officer of Sector-5 police station Ajay Kumar.\"They even follow the stunts and fight sequences of the latest movies in order to learn how could they escape from a situation where they can be caught. They even learn about using weapons from these movies,\" added Kumar. Panchkula Crime Investigating Agency(CIA) in-charge Karambir Singh said, \"The nature of their 'job' is quite confidential as they can't discuss their plans or intentions with anyone. So, they prefer pondering over these crime shows and get dvds of crime and suspense flicks. They even utilize the internet to know which movie would be a better help for their plan.\"The criminals try to learn what could catch the eye of a cop and try to avoid any such activity while they commit the crime. \"But they don't know even police are two steps ahead of them and it's a tendency with every criminal to leave an evidence on the scene,\" said Karambir.Reel gives real lessonsRavinder, who executed 11 crimes alone, confessed he learnt his kidnapping strategy from crime shows aired on news channels.The 10th accused in the Kalka dacoity case confessed to the Panchkula CIA they picked up the style of dressing up as CID officers from a Hollywood movie.Yashpal gang which committed a robbery at Rana hospital, Kalka, said they learnt how to enter the hospital and rob from an episode of a famous TV soap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865000", "title": "Congress bows to EC, but mum on Khurshid's 'contempt'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday sought to cap the controversy over Election Commission taking law minister Salman Khurshid's pitch for a Muslim sub-quota to the President, saying the party expects its leaders to respect the poll panel although the minister appeared to stand his ground.Apparently keen to avoid a showdown with the EC, Congress said, \"The EC is a constitutional body. Congress always wants that all Congressmen should speak as per norms of public life and the law of the land.\" The party skirted any reference to EC holding Khurshid's comments to be \"utter contempt\" of its orders.But while Congress and government are keen to step back from any confrontation with EC, the last word is yet to be said on quotas for minorities in Uttar Pradesh's surcharged campaign cauldron. The party's move to press the pedal on a minority quota within the 27% backward caste reservations is deliberate. Congress is likely to keep its powder dry for later rounds of polling in western UP constituencies with large Muslim population.After the EC took the unprecedented step on Saturday evening to seek President's intervention in disciplining the law minister, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters on Sunday, \"The EC is a constitutional body. Congress always wants that all Congressmen should speak as per the norms of public life and the law of the land.\"The swift move to quell any impression of countenancing the transgression stems from an avalanche of criticism that followed the EC move and some concern whether the quota rhetoric will trigger a backlash.BJP demanded Khurshid's dismissal from the cabinet while the Left too criticised the minister.However, Khurshid did not seem keen to jettison his poll plank although he may avoid remarks like \"let the EC hang me\" while calling for quotas. He has is privately backed by party colleagues who see the EC as having overreacted. The law minister told reporters in Lucknow, \"I have only spoken about what the Congress manifesto contained.\"Some ministers felt the EC could have spoken to Khurshid again if it felt he had ignored its earlier censure when he promised 9% sub-quota. There were reports that the minister spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The EC complaint has been referred to the PM by the President.Sources said Khurshid felt wronged because he had stopped referring to 9% quota after the EC pulled him up on Friday, and merely talking about minority reservation could not be termed a violation.The fresh controversy was triggered by his statement in an Azamgarh rally that he would continue to speak about Muslim reservation even if the EC decided to hang him, a comment which got the poll watchdog's goat and forced it to seek the President's intervention.The confrontation between the law minister and the EC has put the Congress on the defensive because as ruling party, it cannot be seen as disrespecting the constitutional body. Congress has often used the argument to slam the saffron camp for being unmindful of constitutional and legal norms.Besides BJP, an increasingly rebellious Trinamool Congress sought to compound the senior ally's misery by demanding that the PM clarify on Muslim reservation. Union minister and party general secretary Sultan Ahmed said, \"If Congress is serious, why does the PM not say he would give 9% reservation to Muslims in the 27% OBC quota. He should make it clear if the cabinet minister's views are personal or an expression of government policy.\"At the heart of the controversy is Khurshid's newfound aggression over Muslim issues, an expression of collective Congress bid to win over the electorally crucial community in UP and concern that its high pressure tactics may not be prevent Muslims from eyeing Samajwadi Party with favour.AICC leader Dwivedi's public reminder to the minister about \"norms\" appeared directed beyond the quota row. There is consternation in Congress over the way Khurshid dragged Congress chief Sonia Gandhi into the Batla House controversy by telling an election rally that the supreme leader broke into tears on seeing the bodies of alleged militants.The comment led to swift denials of the Congress chief weeping, clear evidence that the party was embarrassed. The political dimension of the controversy, however, was quickly evident. No sooner had the row erupted that party leaders leading the campaign in UP closed ranks behind Khurshid.Congress's state incharge Digvijay Singh said there was nothing wrong in a leader speaking about his party's policies, else the EC should bar party manifestos. State campaign chief and union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal noted, \"Besides being law minister, Khurshid is also a Congress worker. If he does not speak about Congress policies, what else would he talk about in elections.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872593", "title": "Make your first Valentine\u2019s Day special", "text": "In love for the first time? Here are a few tips to help you celebrate your first Valentine with your girlfriend/boyfriendIt is the month of love, and with the second breeze of cold flowing through the nation, we wonder how youngsters are gearing up for this Valentine's! First love is always the best love. And the feeling of being in love when you are young is the most beautiful feeling ever. For all the young, fresh love blooming in the air, here are a few tips to help you plan your day with your loved one...-Steal your girlfriend for the entire day and take her for a long, beautiful drive. Take her away to some beautiful place as shown in movies. But make sure to carry some food and coffee along with you! And you can have a perfect romantic picnic getaway.-For all those who think that romantic candlelight dinners are passe, think again! If this is your first Valentine, nothing like a dinner date. Only, to make it more special, book your girlfriend's favourite restaurant which serves the best food in the cuisine she loves; get some musicians to play some great music in the background, and let the moment weave its magic on the two of you.-A movie is the best saviour when none of the above is possible! Get the CD of your favorite movie and have some popcorn and colddrink ready. You will realise that the mushy, cuddly feeling is heavenly.ano.patel@timesgroup.comValentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867644", "title": "2 thieves held; Rs 37L worth property recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested two property offenders and recovered Rs 37 lakh worth stolen booty from their possession on Sunday.The Bowenpally police nabbed a 26-year-old burglar, E Rajender, from his house in Kothapet. According to police, Rajender, who used to work as a clerk with an advocate in Bagh Amberpet, joined hands with a known burglar, Narasimhachary, and quit his job to make some quick money.During the daytime, Rajender used to move in colonies in the city and zero in on locked houses. \"In 2011, the duo had committed 29 burglaries in Bowenpally, Karkhana, Marredpally, Trimulgherry, Alwal, LB Nagar, Uppal, Chaitanyapuri and Dundigul police station limits. We have recovered 63.5 tolas of gold, 1.25 kg silver, electronic goods and three two-wheelers worth Rs 25 lakh,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), North Zone, Ch Srikanth said. They were produced before a magistrate and remanded in judicial custody.In another case, the Habeebnagar police have arrested the leader of a gang which specialised in committing snatching offences in crowded buses.Police arrested Sk Ismail of Mangarbasti in Habeebnagar. According to Habeebnagar inspector NSV Venkateswar Rao, Ismail along with six of his associates had committed 21 thefts in city buses. \"The gang surrounds a target in a crowded bus and Ismail snaps the gold chain using either a blade or sometimes even with his teeth and then quickly passes it on to his gang members,\" the inspector said.Police recovered 41 tolas of gold from his possession. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11867068", "title": "Haryana Govt in quandary over toll collection on Pehowa-Kurukshetra road", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: The state government that started collecting tax at a toll plaza from January 25 is in a quandary following publication of the cabinet's decisions in the January issue of \"Samwad,\" a Haryana government publication, one of which is about the setting up of a toll plaza in Pehowa block in April, 2012.A few days after the publication, the Haryana government took out a notification that the Haryana Public Works Department, Bridges and Roads (B&R;) should start collecting toll from January 25 onwards. So the department set up a tent and started collecting toll tax without making proper arrangements like lighting, besides there was no computerized record of the collections too. Dim lighting and temporary barricading done by the agency outsourced by PWD (B&R;) for collection of tax at the toll plaza had led to an accident on Thursday, that claimed five lives. Then within three days of the accident, the PWD (B&R;) removed the toll plaza.According to PWD (B&R;) officials, the toll plaza in Mukhimpur village of Kurukshetra district on National Highway (NH) number 65 was set up following a notification issued by Haryana government on January 18.However, the January issue of \"Samwad,\" the official magazine of the government that came out in the first week of January, while highlighting development works done by the government had quoted a cabinet decision regarding setting up of a toll plaza, which was to start functioning from April 1.Jai Parkash Kamboj, an executive engineer with PWD (B&R;) said, \"I can say only one thing that the state government's notification of starting the toll plaza was issued on January 18, 2012. And, we had set it up to implement the notification.\"While officials associated with the printing of the magazine only said, \"We will look into the matter before giving any statement.'' The issue has however, raised a question mark over the coordination between the government and its own publication resulting into resentment among locals, especially leaders of opposition parties.\"If the government had waited for so long to set up the plaza, it could have waited for two more months, and used this time to put the required infrastructure in place for collection of toll tax. Where has the money gone and why this change of stance in the matter? Why did the government not take appropriate safety measures,\" questioned former minister and INLD leader Jaswinder Singh Sandhu.And if the government was justified in setting up toll plaza, then why did it get it removed after the accident, this has to be probed, he added while saying that \"chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda for shifting all the toll barriers from Sirsa, Fatehabad and Gurgaon to north Haryana to tax the locals living there.\"Why did the toll barrier come up?The toll plaza is located on National Highway number 65 which also connects Haryana to Punjab, while the traffic going towards Uttar Pradesh passes through this road. Sources said that since a lot of material is transported on this road by businessmen, the toll plaza would have generated a good amount of income through tax, which is why it was set up there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11867625", "title": "Six killed, 14 injured in Birbhum road accidents", "text": "SURI: Six persons including a child were killed and 14 injured in two separate road accidents at Tarapith and Murarai on Sunday.In the first incident, a pick-up van, travelling at a very high speed, hit a motor van from behind at Tarapith station road, early on Sunday morning.While three persons in the motor van died on the spot, the injured were taken to Rampurhat hospital. Two of the injured died in the hospital. The deceased were identified as Ranjit Mehena, 35 and his wife Pratima Mehena, 28, Sankar Das, 55, and his wife Hiru Das, 50, and Pari Let, 45. Nine persons are still undergoing treatment at the hospital.Locals said that most of the victims were daily labourers and were on their way to Rampurhat from Chak Para village when the incident occurred. The driver and helper of the pick-up van managed to flee.In another incident, at Murarai, a four-year-old boy died on the spot and five persons were injured when a truck overturned and hit pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11865674", "title": "Sealdah-Puri Duronto Express begins journey", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A new tri-weekly Duronto express train between Sealdah (Kolkata) and Puri was introduced on Sunday. Railways minister Dinesh Trivedi flagged off the train at Sealdah in West Bengal, railway officials said.The new train, which was announced in the last railway budget, will run as a special train on the first day. However the regular service of the train will start from February 14 from Puri, and from Sealdah from February 15. It will cover the distance in eight hours.The Puri-Sealdah Duronto tri-weekly express will leave Puri every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 7.50 pm and will arrive at Sealdah at 4 am the next day. In the return direction, Sealdah-Puri tri-weekly Duronto express will leave Sealdah every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8 pm and will arrive at Puri at 4 am the next day. The train will have one AC-2 tier, four AC-3 tiers and seven sleeper class coaches, said an official release.Besides, the railways have decided to provide additional stoppages of Puri-New Delhi-Puri Nandankanan express at Jaleswar with effect from February 15 on an experimental basis for a period of six months. Puri-New Delhi-Nandankanan Express will arrive at Jaleswar at 16.09 hours and will leave at 16.11 hours for New Delhi. In the return direction, 12816 New Delhi-Puri Nandankanan Express will arrive at Jaleswar at 07.21 hours and will leave at 07.23 hours for Puri. The timings and stoppages for this train scheduled at different stations will remain unchanged, the railway release said.The railways have also decided to add two more sleeper class coaches in Howrah-Tiruchchirapalli-Howrah Express from February 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866297", "title": "Cops, pupils join hands", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police are all set to rope in college students to give a leg up to the city's security. A few colleges have promised to provide their students as volunteers for the project slated to start from Monday.\"We will start with 50 volunteers who will cover Sector 36 in a two-hour exercise. The volunteers will be divided into groups, and they will visit houses and disseminate knowledge on ways to make surroundings safer,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of UT Police, said.Realizing the communication gap between the public and police, Chandigarh Police chief P K Srivastava, said, \"We have observed that there is a communication gap between the cops and community. Therefore, we have decided to rope in college youths to bridge the gap, and since they come from the same community people can also relate to them easily.\"Police said it would also help youths gain experience in community service that would further facilitate them in getting admissions in leading institutes of the world. \"Top business schools like Harvard give a lot of emphasis on the community work of its applicants. This exercise would also provide a unique learning opportunity for the city youths,\" stated Srivastava.Police are planning to make equipments like burglary alarms, CCTV cameras and concept of community policing popular through this exercise.Safety LettersChandigarh Police have decided to send safety letters through these student volunteers to all households of the city. These letters will tell residents on how to make their residential premises safer. Cops are also planning to make equipments like burglary alarms, CCTV cameras and concept of community policing popular through this exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884185", "title": "Sarath is a busy bee", "text": "Supreme Star Sarath Kumar might be active on the political front, but that hasn't stopped him from pursuing his passion as well.Sarath is now looking forward to the release of a coupe of his films, including Vidiyal and Narasimhan IPS.A source reveals, \"Narasimhan IPS will simultaneously release in Malayalam as Achchante Aan Makkal. Sarath plays a Tamilspeaking police officer in the film, which happens to be his first Malayalam film as the solo lead. Nedumudi Venu plays an important role in the film.\"Apart from his other projects, Sarath is also excited about Rajini's Kochadaiyaan. The actor recently said, \"I'm very happy to be sharing screenspace with him. Also, as the president of Nadigar Sangam, I'm trying my best to sort out the issue between TFPC and FEFSI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11864841", "title": "Woman Naxal cadre accuses leader of sexual harassment", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A former woman cadre of Deshbhakti Yuva Manch (DYM), a frontal organization of Naxals, has charged its senior leader Maroti Kurwatkar, now under arrest, with sexual harassment. She has claimed that a few other female members were being sexually abused by cadres, said superintendent of police Suvez Haque.Kurwatkar, second in command of Maharashtra state committee of CPI (Maoist) and Chandrapur Area Committee chief, was arrested at village Talodhi on January 28. He was working among youths before DYM was busted in the early months of 2008.He however rose in rank and file of the political wing of Naxals after going underground following police action against hardcore DYM functionaries. After Kurwatkar was arrested, Sonali (name changed) approached the police, claiming that she was sexually abused by the leader while she worked as an activist.Addressing a press conference, Haque said that \"Sonali was then in relationship with Mangesh Borule, other accused Naxal. Kurwatkar tried to outrage her modesty on three occasions. Though she complained to senior office-bearers, no one paid heed. Her allegations have exposed the true face of the Naxal movement,\" Haque added.He however clarified that Sonali was not a hardcore activist and worked with DYM thinking it to be a students' organization. She left organization after knowing true nature of DYM activities. He claimed that Kurwatkar would be booked under fresh charges after a formal complaint from Sonali.Meanwhile, cops have traced the source through which Kurwatkar had procured electronic equipment meant for making improvised explosive device (IED). A cache of electronic equipment was recovered along with two pistols during the raids on January 30 that followed Kurwatkar's arrest.\"Kurwatkar had received Rs 1 lakh from his senior cadre for procurement of electronic equipment for making IED. He approached a mutual friend Pankaj Wanjari, a resident of Premnagar in Nagpur, posing himself as Shekhar Thakur and purchased equipment worth Rs 75,000. After Kurwatkar gave details during interrogation, a team of Naxal cell rounded up Wanjari and recovered the remaining Rs 25,000 and a list of equipment Kurwatkar had asked him to purchase,\" said Haque. These equipment were meant for supply to the technical team of Naxal guerrilla groups, he added.Haque said that Wanjari runs Watsalya, a NGO, and claimed to know Kurwatkar through a mutual friend. Kurwatkar sought his help in procuring electronic equipment claiming that he also runs a NGO in rural areas here and need devices for social work. Haque said that they also seized the laptop of Wanjari.His mobile phone records are being checked to verify his claim of not being actively involved in Kurwatkar's activities. However, Wanjari has not been booked as yet for aiding Kurwatkar.Haque said that the police have seized two bags from people of his former acquaintance under Ballarpur and Ramnagar police station jurisdiction. The cops also recovered Maoist literature and mobile phones from the bags. Kurwatkar had kept these bags with them for safekeeping.The investigators will seek a fresh police custody remand of Kurwatkar to ascertain his involvement in other Naxal-related cases after his present custody expires on Sunday, Haque added. Materail seized from two bags recovered from an ex-acquaintance of Kurwatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866794", "title": "Soon, a coordinating body to ensure children get their rights", "text": "GURGAON: In a bid to strengthen protection of child rights in the city, state department of women and child development has directed the Gurgaon administration to constitute a Childline advisory board (CAB) comprising members from police, health and social welfare departments among others.It is to encourage better coordination between various departments working on child rights related issue. The CAB is the principal policy-making body of Childline (1098) at the city level.In a circular dated December 28, 2011, the deputy commissioner has been asked to encourage the local administrative bodies to set up CAB and ensure membership of senior most officials from departs like police, health, transport, social welfare and education. Moreover, the DC has also been directed to extend necessary support in creating awareness about the Childline helpline no 1098 in the district.Such a mechanism will ensure convergence among all agencies that work on child rights related issues. Our NGO welcomes this initiative, said Ravi Kant, president of Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline. He added that as a part of this project, Gurgaon is providing direct assistance like medical, shelter, protection from abuse, repatriation, missing children and intensive counselling in difficult circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867312", "title": "3 city students charged for bid on Praveen Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three Hyderabad students have been charged for the bid on the life of J Praveen Reddy, an MBA student, at their Newham flat in London. Praveen Reddy, who had suffered critical stab injuries in a brawl after a late night party on Thursday, is recuperating at the Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road.In a related development, Praveen Reddy's father J Sudhakar Reddy and uncle Madhava Reddy were granted visa by the British deputy high commission in Chennai on Sunday. The two are likely to take a late night flight to London, family sources said.According to a PTI report from London, the Metropolitan Police charged Amareshwar Arava, 25, Sai Kishore Balguri, 25 and Nishanth Puttapaka, 23, with the attempted murder of Praveen Reddy.\"The three will appear at the Thames Magistrates' court on Monday,\" the report added.Meanwhile, Praveen Reddy's family suspect the role of his childhood friend, M Sharan, at whose birthday party the attack took place. Incidentally, Sharan is inaccessible even to his close friends since the incident.On Saturday evening, a common friend, who recently returned to Hyderabad, saw Sharan in active mode on Facebook. He pinged Sharan and intimated him that Praveen's condition was critical.\"Sharan told me that he came to know about the incident only after he woke up in the morning after the late night party. When I asked him about his role in the stabbing incident, Sharan did not respond and simply logged out from Facebook,\" the common friend, requesting anonymity, told TOI.When he informed his other friends, they also signed into Facebook, but to their surprise found Sharan had deleted contents from his FB account.Sharan too went to London to pursue MBA at the London School of Business Management in 2010. \"Sharan keeps changing his mobile number. So, we went to his residence in Chaitanyapuri to get his latest mobile number. Initially, his sister claimed she was not aware about the new number, but later gave it to us. Though we tried calling the number, Sharan was not accepting the call,\" Tarak Ramu, another friend, said.Both Praveen and Sharan studied at Dilsuknagar Public School. As they were childhood friends, Sharan moved into Praveen's flat in Newham recently.\"After seeing the developments, we strongly suspect the role of Sharan in the incident,\" Praveen's brother Jaya Shankar Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871761", "title": "Sahab Biwi and Gangster sequel to roll next month", "text": "If all goes well, then the shooting for the sequel of director Tigmanshu Dhulia's, 'Sahab Biwi and Gangster' will start next month.Giving out the details of the schedule, one of the leading characters of the movie who gave quite a stunning performance in the first part as 'Kanhiya', actor Deepraj Rana informs, \"we are planning to start the shooting for the movie from the 15th of March and apart from me Irfan Khan , Jimmy Shergil, and Mahie Gill are also part of this sequel,\" he says, adding, \"As there was some work left in the script, we could not start the work on this project, but now almost everything is at the verge of completion and therefore by mid march the shooting is expected to start.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866430", "title": "Reliance on Rahul in UP a risk worth taking: Mani Shankar Aiyar", "text": "New Delhi: Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar on Sunday said the party's heavy reliance on Rahul Gandhi in the UP assembly polls will prove to be a \"risk worth taking\". He added that it will not be the end of the road for Rahul if the Congress did not perform well in the assembly elections in the politically-crucial state.Aiyar, who called the Nehru-Gandhi family a \"bonding adhesive\" of the party and its \"biggest asset\", downplayed the presence of Robert Vadra during campaigning, saying he was doing it as member of the family. \"I certainly am not embarrassed that Robert Vadra, like Sunita Aiyar, wishes to campaign. They can campaign,\" he said in a TV interview when asked if he was proud of Vadra campaigning for the party. Aiyar added that he would welcome the Gandhi family's son-in-law as an MP if he won an election.To a question on whether heavy reliance of Rahul in UP would undermine the image of the young leader as it was a \"high-risk strategy\", the family loyalist said, \"Of course. You will never win if you don't take risk. During the course of it, it will be proved that it is a risk worth taking.\"Asked if Congress's defeat in the politically crucial state would be a setback to Rahul, he said, \"Yes. But it is not the end of the road. But if the party wins it will be the opening of the gate (for him).\"In the interview, Aiyar dismissed suggestions that Congress president Sonia Gandhi had taken a \"back seat\" in the campaigning for UP elections, saying she was continuing to campaign in the manner she has been doing since long.The diplomat-turned-politician also dismissed suggestions that Congress was following \"dynastic politics\", saying members of the Nehru-Gandhi family secured their succession by \"democratic right\". He also said all members of the family who headed or were heading the party had overcome several challenges and had emerged victorious.On questions that the Congress rewarded only loyalists of the Nehru-Gandhi family and even their drivers and cooks were given posts, Aiyar refused to subscribe to the view and said there were many loyalists who were not elevated because they had shortcomings.Aiyar, who was removed from the Union Cabinet in UPA-1, said he was made a nominated member of Parliament to keep away from ministership. \"I could have easily been brought in as an elected candidate in which case I could have been a candidate for ministership. It was to be sure that I did not become a minister that I was made a nominated member,\" he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869894", "title": "Weddings excite new director Maneesh Sharma", "text": "His debut film became an instant hit, earning him accolades. Still fresh on his success, he has just released his second film 'Ladies vs Ricky Behl' with the latest star couple in Bollywood . Director Maneesh Sharma is the new director from the Yash Raj brigade, who will always be known as the wedding planner of 'Band Baaja Baraat' who brought alive the onscreen chemistry between actor Ranvir Singh and actress Anuksha Sharma.As another feather in his cap, the film was recently nominated in the Asia Pacific Awards 2011 for the 'Best Feature Film'. Though he couldn't make it to Australia for the screening, he was keen to talk to us about his film on a phone interview.Weddings are an important part of our Indian culture, it's about the perfect day with lots of colour, festivities, fashionable dresses, mehndi, sangeet, dhol, dhamaka and of course finding new love. But Maneesh came up with a total new concept, contemporary and rare. To this, he comments, \"People often ask me how I came up with the idea - I actually didn't have this story in my mind when I wanted to make a film. It's funny, I was talking to Adi ( Aditya Chopra ) about another subject which he liked but he warned me it's going to be expensive. He wanted me to make a film that is easy to tap as I was a newcomer in directing, and not to feel rejected by the end. Then I thought I must figure out something and I generally wanted to tell this story from my side (new voice).\"\"I went through my Delhi days to discover what I found charming. In Delhi there are lots of middle class people, not resourceful in finances but want to do a small investment business. While reading an article about how small entrepreneurs are making it big in India from small make shift offices, I struck upon an idea. Business makers who want to do something that excites them and make money\".\"So there you go, I came up with a story about two kids based in Delhi, added a visual backdrop office and they had to be wedding planners. I researched and met a few of them in Delhi and saw how they function. It did excite me and I discussed my concept with Adi. A love story where the girl and boy meets and face an obstacle. My concept was a bit different - it wasn't a love story but about the process of falling in love\" says Maneesh.The chemistry between Ranvir and Anuksha made them the hottest couple in Bollywood. Did you choose both of them deliberately? \"I selected Ranvir through a typical audition process, I wanted a newcomer. A known face brings a persona with it. The new boy funda was a very clear call. Thanks to Adi who agreed to it. The chemistry between the stars, I had no idea about it,\" says Maneesh.You have signed the pair in your next film 'Ladies vs Ricky Behl' also. \"Yes I have, after 'Band Baaja Baraat', I developed a comfort level with them and they look amazing together. Though this time, Ranvir has three more actresses working with him. Lately I have been busy promoting the film.\"Besides a director, there has been a mention that you were a dancer also. \"Yes I was a dancer, I mostly used to line dance and soon I actually ended up in production of a musical called 'Frame', I did a couple of musicals and it made me really happy. But direction was always my dream,\" asserts Maneesh.Was it easy to fulfil that dream? \"I don't have any filmy background, I belong to an upper middle class family in Delhi. I started off as an assistant director and did a Masters degree in film school. I was lucky enough to start with Yash Raj Films - I worked on 'Fanaa' and got the chance to work with Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan , Kajol and Madhuri. It worked out really well. And then Band Baaja Baraat happened - rest is history!\"(As published in Sydney's Indian newspaper Indian Down Under)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872045", "title": "Jishnu returns for meaningful cinema", "text": "Hollywood legend Jack Nicholson had once said acting is everyone's favourite second job.But few actors would dispute that once you've been in front of the camera, no other profession would bring more joy.Mollywood's Jishnu agrees with this line of thought. The young actor, who took a brief hiatus to pursue projects outside filmdom, will be marking his return in February with Siddharth Bharathan's version of his father's evergreen flick Nidra.An engineer by profession, Jishnu was busy the last five years working on rural development initiatives throughout the country and had only done a brief role in Yugapurushan since 2006.However, the NIT Calicut graduate says, \"Once you've acted, it's difficult to stay away for long. I always wanted to come back and do meaningful movies in Mollywood.\"On whether he rues his decision of staying away from acting, Jishnu says, \"Yes and No.\"Yes because if I had stayed, I would not have lost a lot of ground, which I believe I can catch up, and no because my work gave me a vast pool of experience. If I had stayed, I probably would have been restricted to Kerala or Tamil Nadu.\"He says that he owes his return completely to Sidharth and Sugeeth but also points out this time around he wants to reinvent himself and take up challenging roles.\"Most of the movies that are being churned out are mostly copies of 80s Mollywood flicks. There was this checkmate period where everybody was just going with the flow,\" Jishnu says.However, the actor also notes that this trend is changing now and attributes this to the outlook of the youth in the industry.\"If you notice now, people are challenging the old ideals to try something new and are taking initiatives to experiment,\" he says. \"Thankfully, the risks taken by young producers are paying off too.\"As someone who has just re-entered the industry, Jishnu says the current scenario of the industry is tremendously different from what it was.\"It's highly competitive and challenging with no one willing to play it safe anymore. The competition, however, is not amongst us but with other language films,\" he explains.Though Jishnu is currently anticipating his next flick Nidra, which he says was \"absolute fun\" to shoot, another project has got him even more excited.\"I am also working on starting my own production that would focus on experimental projects and also use latest technology in our cinema,\" he says.With a clear head over his shoulders and a better understanding of technology in movies, this actor-cum-engineer could make way for some path-breaking films in Mollywood!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11865671", "title": "Navraj makes world dance along", "text": "DUGRI: At 13, Navraj Singh Chhina is promoting Punjabi folk culture like no one else from the city. Young as he is, Navraj has already travelled to Australia, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Turkey , doing bhangra on folk tunes and making the world dance along. He started when he was only three years old and is a recognized pro.A Class VII student of Nanakana Sahib Public School, all it takes is a little bit of folk music to get Navraj dancing. \"When I was three, I accompanied my dad Davinder Singh Chhina, who is head of International Folk Ensemble of Punjab Cultural Promotion Council (PCPC), to a folk festival in Andaman and Nicobar Islands. That's when I got interested and after that there have been many performances at international festivals across various countries. I just have dance in me,'' said Navraj.Among the stages he has performed on are Multicultural Festival at Canberra , in 2007; three international folk festivals in Poland; international festival of folklore at Zielona Gora; 8th international Buyukcekmece Culture and Art festival in Turkey; 21st International Golden Karagoz folk dance competition at Turkey's Bursa city.\"I also accompanied PCPC team in 2008 to a tour to Poland and Czech Republic and participated in Swiat Pod Kyczera international festival in Legnica county of Poland. I loved dancing for Polska audience and young students of Polish schools in Legnica, Polkowice, Chocianow and Wroclaw. I got the opportunity to interact with students of Saint John Paul Secondary School at Rudna city of Poland too,'' said the young ambassador of culture.In 2011, Navraj performed bhangra and Malwai giddha at Glinojeck, Ciechanow, Plonsk and Serock cities of Poland, during Kupalnocka-2011. Besides, he danced in the square at Sierpc during 16th International Folk Festival, Kasztelania-2011. It is easy to believe Navraj when he says he looks forward to visiting diverse cultures of the world. \"My first visit to Australia was in 2003 with my father and I loved the multi-culturism of the country. I was also thrilled to promote Punjab's traditions there,'' he said.Navraj's father said his son has bhangra beats in his blood. \"He is confident about folk dances. I am proud of my son,'' said Davinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867130", "title": "Face value", "text": "Not all actors or models are born with flawless skin or perfectly chiselled looks, but professional make-up can transform the girl-next-door into the proverbial swan.TV and film make-up is quite different from fashion or party make-up. And being somewhat heavier , film make-up is different from TV make-up. Depending on whether it is a period film or horror flick you may have to use wigs, false teeth, highlights and shadow make-up for each character - maintaining the continuity shoot after shoot. If it is a thriller, materials like foam latex and gelatine are used to change the shape of the face or create lifelike scars and wounds.Professional make-up artists research and minutely plan the make-up required for each production. The medium video - still or film - also determines the kind of make-up to be done. Makeup for the ramp is different from that for TV, and that for TV is quite different from that for films.Although a traditional male stronghold, the number of women make-up artists in the Indian film industry is steadily rising - as in every other hitherto male-dominated field, which is a refreshing change. Besides a steady hand, speed as well as stamina to stay on your feet for long hours, imagination and appreciation of the human form are the prerequisites of a successful make-up artist.To learn the ropes, I suggest you go for a professional course that focuses on how the camera perceives the face under different kinds of lighting. A good course in media make-up that combines both theory and practical demonstration from a reputed beauty school will help you in understanding the basics.Incidentally, even FTII, Pune, offers course in film make-up. After that, interning under a professional makeup artist will give you the necessary confidence and hands-on experience to make your mark in the industry.Here are some courses you could look at in and around Delhi: NIFT (www.niftindia.com) Pearl Academy of Fashion (in collaboration with London College of Fashion) (www.pearlacademy.com) Lakme Academy (www.lakmetrainingacademy.com), New Delhi VLCC Institute (www.vlccinstitute.com) Women's World International (Shahnaz Hussain's ) Lambency Chrysalis Academy of Beauty, Hair and Spa, Noida (www.lambencychrysalis.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866975", "title": "Scholarships", "text": "The Asia-Pacific Institute of Management, Delhi, offers the Bipin Bihari Verma Memorial Scholarships to 70 meritorious students amounting to 71.25 lakh, based on CAT/MAT/XAT scores and academic record and also the financial background of aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865203", "title": "Youth knifed, hospitalized with serious injuries", "text": "JAIPUR: A 25-year-old youth working at the mess of a hostel in Jhalana area was found with serious injuries from stabbing at a deserted place near Royalty junction in the early hours of Sunday. The youth had been reported missing from a liquor party at the hostel late at night on Saturday and police kept searching for him for hours before he was found lying in a pool of blood. The police are now investigating the matter. He is undergoing treatment at SMS Hospital.According to the police, the victim, Prakash, was an employee at the mess of Raisingh Hostel. \"He and his colleagues had consumed alcohol on Saturday night. When the colleagues started to have dinner, they found Prakash missing,\" a police officer said.The Gandhi Nagar police was informed following which senior police officers started a hunt for him. First they recovered a knife around midnight, but could not find him. Later around 5 am on Sunday, he was traced and rushed to the hospital with stab injuries on several parts of his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871953", "title": "\u2018I don\u2019t like shortcuts\u2019 - Manu Malik", "text": "TV actor and model Manu Malik has been in the field for almost a decade.Coming from a small town in Hariyana, Manu moved to Mumbai 10 years ago dreaming of making it big in the modelling field. He was in Kochi recently for the shoot of a TV commercial. Speaking of his earlier days in the industry, the model says, \"I did have to work really hard for my first break.\" However, he recalls that it was not an unpleasant journey after all. \"I have had my highs and lows. Luckily, I have never had any unpleasant experiences in my career. \"That happens when you take shortcuts for instant name and fame. On the contrary, I was ready to work hard and that did pay off finally,\" says the model, who plays Omkar Nath in Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai in a leading TV channel.Fitness regimeLike any other model, Manu is quite a health freak. He makes it a point to hit the gym five times a week and stay away from oily food like parathas. \"I don't diet but have everything in moderation,\" says Manu. So, what's his diet mantra? \"I have six eggs for my breakfast. Whenever I feel like munching a snack, I have fruits and nuts. I also take protein shakes daily,\" says Manu, letting us into his fitness secrets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "11866575", "title": "Teesta accord remains sore point in Indo-Bangla ties", "text": "DHAKA: The Teesta water sharing treaty remains the main bilateral issue between India and Bangladesh six months after the accord was called off at the last minute.\"It is a fact that Bangladesh was looking forward to the Teesta water treaty, and people were disappointed. All the other achievements, and there were many, were overshadowed during that visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Bangladesh has taken the initiative of making itself a hub of connectivity, everybody will benefit from it, Nepal, Bhutan, along with India... and also Myanmar. I believe these things do not happen overnight. We do new agreements, but we have to build on those. I would not say that it is an issue (Teesta) but when you are satisfied and happy you move better,\" Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni said on Sunday.Moni was asked whether Dhaka was moving slow on finalizing the agreement on waterways transit and connectivity because the unfinished Teesta water sharing deal continued to hurt. She added that \"people's perception also matters\", referring to the sentiment against India among people here for not sharing its water with neighbours.With West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee disagreeing with the quantum of water to be shared with Bangladesh, the Teesta water deal fell through at the last moment when the PM was here to sign it among other bilateral deals between the two countries.In fact, Moni also hinted that Dhaka was hoping and expecting Banerjee to hasten the process in the interest of the entire region. \"We are part of one Bengal. Bangladesh recalls with a lot of gratitude West Bengal and Tripura, the spirit of cooperation and bond. It is important to have that spirit in all our exchanges. Expectations are very high on many, many issues... we will do it,\" she said.Another sticky issue that came up during Moni's interaction with Indian journalists was the recent comment of the BSF chief who said firing would continue on the Indo-Bangladesh border as long as criminal activities went on. A day earlier, two Bangladeshi citizens were reportedly injured during border firing.Moni was direct about Bangladesh's displeasure at the BSF chief's remark. \"Why Bangladesh... anywhere else there would be resentment if there are such statements,\" she said. \"We have repeatedly protested... there is total understanding at the political level that this cannot go on. There have been assurances from the highest levels and if such assurances are at variance with the functional level, it is disappointing and very surprising,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11864824", "title": "Two youths arrested for cheating", "text": "GONDIA: Two persons were arrested by Gondia rural police for duping six youths of Rs 1.20 lakh by making fake promise of giving them jobs in Adani Thermal Plant.Nandkishore Lilhare and Jitendra Shriwastava (41) are cooling their heels in the lock-up after a complaint was filed against them on Thursday.Lilhare of Bordi village and his friend Shriwastava of Paldongari village in Balaghat district in Madhya Pradesh are working in Maheshwari Solvent Plant of Khamari, around 5km from Gondia. On ThursdayThe duo took Rs 20,000 from Govindkumar Thakur (32) of Batana village and assured to him to give a job in the Adani plant. They told Thakur that they could give jobs to his friends too provided they gave them money in advance. Five of Thakur's friends were lured by the proposal and paid Rs 20,000 each.But even after two months, neither Lilhare nor Shriwastava could arrange any job for the youths. Realizing that they have been duped, Thakur lodged a complaint with Gondia rural police, following which the duo were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867530", "title": "Red sanders worth 10L seized, smugglers held", "text": "CHENNAI: A vanload of red sanders smuggled into the city from Tirupati was seized at Ambattur on Saturday.On Saturday evening, the Ambattur Estate police were told to watch out for red sander logs, chopped off Tirupati hills, making its way to the city by road. As the possible route was through Madhavaram, police sifted through vehicles at Madhuravoyal-Madhavaram suburban road.Later, they spotted a van parked on the road. When an inspector walked towards the vehicle, two persons jumped out and scurried away. The officer collared two others in the vehicle before they could escape. Upon searching the vehicle, the police found two tonnes of red sanders logs worth 10 lakh.The duo - Raja (26) of Tondiarpet and Sivakumar (27) of Polur - were later arrested.The offenders had chopped the wood from Tirupati hills, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865309", "title": "Agripada con doctor had no \u2018criminal intent\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A trial court last week ordered cops to return all items seized from Ishadur Haffizur Rehman, the Agripada-based quack who was arrested in December for travelling in a car with an unauthorized beacon and stickers of the state home ministry. The items to be returned include his passport, car, laptop, two cellphones and a wireless set.Taking note of the fact that Rehman has been undergoing treatment for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia for almost 10 years, the court observed that there seemed to be no \"criminal intention\" behind his activities.At the time of Rehman's arrest, the police had found fake press and police identity cards along with a dummy revolver and a wireless set in his possession. Rehman had identified himself as a police doctor but was taken into custody after it came to light that he had forged his medical certificates. ONGC maps found in his office along with pictures of sensitive government installations on his cellphones managed to get the Intelligence Bureau and the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) interested, which interrogated him several times to probe into a possible link with terror outfits.Rehman told TOI that the past two months have been a \"living hell\" due to the false stories floating around, which caused immense mental and physical stress to him, his wife and two school-going children.\"There were all these reports of me being involved with a terrorist outfit and planning some anti-national activity. My children are treated differently in school and my wife's practice has been adversely affected. The police and media should have shown some sensitivity as it was apparent from the beginning that I was suffering from an illness and had no nefarious plans,\" said Rehman.\"The ONGC maps they apparently found with me were a part of the LIC diaries I had. Even the AFMC angle was misrepresented. I was a student at Armed Forces Medical College in the late 90s and had completed almost four years when I was discharged because of failure to meet the physical standards. That was a rough period which triggered my mental illness,\" he said.Dr Y Machiswala, head psychiatrist at Masina Hospital, treated Rehman for several years and agreed that the police lack sensitivity when it comes to such cases. \"There are some megalomaniac tendencies that are often manifested and him wanting to pass off as a police doctor in an official car can be explained in that context. I understand the police need to make sure he is not up to some mischief but this should not have a negative impact on patients and their families,\" he said.The police are planning to book Rehman under stringent laws. \"We are looking to add certain sections of the Medical Practitioners Act since he forged his medical documents and was even practising for many years. We also plan to book him for possessing a wireless set,\" said inspector Arun Dhanawade. \"We interrogated Rehman but nothing came out of that. But we still have to follow the due process of law,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865219", "title": "Free medical camp organized", "text": "PATNA: Over 1,400 persons were examined free at a medical camp organized by the IAS Officers Wives' Association on the campus of IAS Bhavan here on Sunday.Eye, heart, bones and gynaecological examinations were done by a team of 30 doctors. Equal numbers of paramedical staff were also present to assist the doctors. Earlier, inaugurating the camp, chief secretary Navin Kumar said health is an important aspect of life. Though the state government has done remarkably good in the health sector, still a lot needs to be done. He said the government's purpose is to provide health facilities to the poor section of society.Association' general secretary Mridula Prakash said that as many as 30 students of the Schedule Caste Girls High School were examined free of cost. She also said that 400 persons who were found suffering from refractive error would be provided with spectacles and medicines on March 18.An eye examination camp was also organized jointly by the Shiv Narain Trust and an NGO, Upchar, at Sanjeevni Eye Hospital where 50 persons suffering from refractive error were examined. Of these, 20 persons were selected for cataract surgery with intra-ocular lens (IOL) implantation which would be done free of cost at a later date. Three doctors -- Dr Sunil Kumar Singh, Dr Sudhir Kumar and Dr Anita Ambastha - examined the patients. Dr Sunil threw light on the causes, prevention and management of glaucoma.He said that since vision loss of glaucoma patients is irreversible, early diagnosis and treatment is mainstay of management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11864680", "title": "State to try LEDs for street lighting", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a bid to draw public awareness towards energy conservation , state government is all set to replace street lights in 65 streets in cities and peri-urban areas across the state with light emitting diode (LED) bulbs.\"Municipalities and corporations have been asked to identify prominent stretches for introducing LED lamps. The initiative is aimed at creating awareness about the efficiency of LED lamps that are fast replacing other legacy light equipment world over. The replacement drive will begin next month,\" said energy management centre ( EMC)-Kerala director Dharesan Unnithan.The government has identified energy management centre as the nodal agency for leading the LED campaign.Tendering process for the purchase of 6,500 LED bulbs to be distributed among municipalities and corporations is nearing completion. The local self-government bodies will be given 100 LED bulbs each. An LED bulb for street lighting would cost around Rs 12,000.Unnithan said the cost may be more but durability of bulbs and energy saved are much higher when compared to mercury and sodium vapour lamps that are now in use.\"The average life span of LED bulbs is 10-fold higher than ordinary lights. Also the Lumens Per Watt (LPW), i.e the amount of light produced for each watt of electricity consumed, of LEDs is far more than legacy light equipment,'' he added.While an ordinary tube light consumes 100 watt electricity, LED consumes only 45 watt and gives more light. The low electricity consumption and additional life span are making LEDs the most sought after lighting equipment.\"It is estimated that most of our buildings would be lit up with LEDs by 2030, decreasing our power requirements,\" Unnithan said.Energy management centrewould install its newly developed Almanac based Street Light Management system for the LED used electric poles.Depending on the feedback of the lighting requirements on the streets, the LEDs would get switched on and off automatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11874257", "title": "Dhanush plans a mega release", "text": "One question that Dhanush is facing these days is the delay in releasing 3, the directorial venture of his wife Aishwarya.The actor, in an effort to put an end to this question, has said that 3 will be a worldwide release with the Hindi, Tamil and Telugu versions releasing simultaneously.The film is being dubbed in Telugu and Hindi and work is in progress. Further, the Tamil version will come out with English subtitles, said Dhanush. According to Dhanush, he felt it right to release the film in three languages and the Tamil version with English subtitles because the Kolaveri song turned out to be a huge hit worldwide. People might also want to enjoy the film, said Dhanush.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865410", "title": "Minibus demand to counter refusals by auto drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: Addressing Mumbaikars' woes regarding refusals by auto drivers, consumer activists are proposing circular routes by minibuses from railway stations to thickly populated housing colonies in the suburbs.Consumer activist Sunil Mone said, \"A group of activists, including me, plan to approach ALMs (advanced locality managements) and NGOs to adopt the bus service in the interest of citizens.\" He added that cases of refusals by auto drivers outside railway stations are increasing, especially in the western suburbs. Team Anna's SMS complaint system had recorded more than 4,000 complaints regarding refusals, mainly at Andheri, Malad, Kandivli, Goregaon and Bandra. The complaints were recorded in the last two months.\"It is time we have an alternate transport system for office-goers and those wanting a ride from station to their homes,\" Mone said. He said the plan would be adopted in three phases. First, ALMs would be approached to identify areas where the circular bus routes are necessary.Second, consumer activists will meet RTO officials and ask them to allot special permits for the minibuses and decide on the fares.Third, ALMs, activists and the RTO will look at jointly preparing the roadmap to implement the scheme in the city.An activist, who did not want to be named, said, \"It could be something similar to the Fort Ferry route operated by the BEST in south Mumbai, where passengers can get down at any stop by paying just Rs 5.\"Activists suggested that it should be a no profit-no loss scheme, with the buses being hired by ALMs and NGOs instead of being owned by them. \"The fares should be used to pay for the fuel, salaries of the drivers and attendants as well the monthly rent to the bus owner. If surplus money is collected, it should be used by the NGO or ALM for public service,\" the activist stated.Mone said a similar scheme was taken up by an MLA in Panvel, but it was met with resistance from local auto unions. \"There will be opposition here as well. But we should at least try to introduce alternate modes of transport for the benefit of thousands of passengers stranded outside railway stations every day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866425", "title": "Cong slams Sena, BJP over road deals", "text": "Congress city president Kripashankar Singh accused the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP combine in the BMC of protecting interests of the \"road contractors' cartel\". Reacting to a TOI report on the findings of a Swiss-based firm appointed by the civic body to audit roadwork, Singh accused Sena and BJP leaders of conniving with contractors. The findings showed that several contractors had violated norms.Roads that were thinner than prescribed were built at some places, while shoddy material were used in others. Singh demanded jail for civic officials and contractors. He also sought blacklisting of such contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11864843", "title": "NCP flag touches power line, 4 killed", "text": "THANE: An NCP street rally for the Kalwa municipal corporation polls turned tragic on Sunday as four youths were electrocuted and 11 others injured after an iron flag-pole held by one of the victims accidentally came in contact with a high-voltage overhead wire.Police said Ashok Phutraju Pahadi Rajput (18) was waving an eight-foot high flag pole made of cast iron when it accidentally came in contact with the 22 KV overhead wires. While Rajput was killed instantly, three other youths who were standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, including his brother Ajay (17), Annacha Laxman Pahadi Rajput (15) and Pradeep Gupta (22), too dropped dead.Locals at the Shivaji Nagar slum settlements in Kalwa said the source of the current was so powerful that it affected 11 others, including a mother of two, who collapsed on the road. The injured were immediately put into an auto and taken to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Hospital at Kalwa and a private hospital nearby.NCP activists led by Ruta Awhad, wife of Jitendra Awhad, rushed to the scene of the accident to console the victims' kin who had gathered there. The rally had been organized to campaign for NCP candidate Mahesh Salvi and was scheduled to begin after serving breakfast packets to the participants.\"Ashok held the flagpole and was excited to be part of the rally. He was waving the flag using all his might when it suddenly touched the overhead wire and that triggered the tragedy,'' a local youth said. He said Ashok and his brother Ajay were staying alone and were employed in a small unit making beaded jewellery. Gupta was a father of a two-year-old and ran a small provision store in the locality.Police said it was an accident but nevertheless a probe will be conducted, adding that the remains of the two brothers were taken to their hometown in Karnataka after a postmortem. Among the injured include Satyabhama Kharat (61), Salim Ayyumutu Rajput (16), Arun Rajput (21), Ajay Rajput (22), Sajan Rajput (22), Sachin Arote (25), Krishna Rajput (50), Kaliram Rajput (5), Kaviraj Rajput (50), Sandip Londhe (20) and Singh Chikalkar Kolyasingh (25).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11866458", "title": "Boparai sings his heart out at friend's wedding", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"De le gera ni de le gera\" is a famous Punjabi song that is played at most of the weddings, but at the wedding of businessman Deepak and Neha Malhotra, the vivacious singer who has sung this song was himself present to entertain the guests. Renowned Punjabi singer, Balvir Boparai, sang all his famous songs at the wedding and enthralled everyone.All this charged the atmosphere at the wedding held on Friday night in a resort at Jalandhar bypass road. As the singer arrived, everyone looking up to him and cheered his performance with open hearts. The singer enthralled the people not only with his singing but also with bhangra.Resident of Noora Road, Deepak said Boparai was a friend so he had invited him for his wedding. \"I knew that if Boparai will come, he will entertain the audience,\" said Deepak.Neha said before wedding, she had seen Boparai on the small screen only and was surprised to see him at the venue. She said Boparai's visit was kept a secret. Deepak's father Joginderpal said he got compliments from people, who loved to see the singer perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871870", "title": "\u201cSpecial effects don\u2019t make a great story\u201d", "text": "... says gospel singer Don Moen, who was in Bangalore for a performanceAmerican singer and song-writer Don Moen's journey to India has been quite memorable indeed. With the world is moving ahead with rock, fusion, trance and other genres, singer Don Moen has touched a million hearts with his gospel songs. BT catches up with the singer. Excerpts from the interview:What is the key thing in music that you think that keeps changing over the years? I think the production has gotten out of control. Because of all the technology at our disposal, we can create amazing art in a vacuum. I've seen production become less important in the past few years. People are drawn to something real and raw. So what if the guitar is out of tune? I am good as long as the song moves me!What do you think is wrong about today's music? Once again, people try to hide a bad song with a great production or arrangement. Similarly, we are missing the great stories for films. Special effects are nice, but they don't make a great story.What do you think is right about today's music? Music truly is a universal language and it's always encouraging to see a song transcend cultures and generations. There are still some great songs being written by some incredible artists.With music going online, what you think will be the next big thing? Big record companies are becoming obsolete. I'm not saying that it's bad to have a relationship with a record label, but it needs to be more of a partnership with the artist if they are going to survive. The Internet has given the power back to the people to vote which songs are worth buying.What is your opinion of growing piracy caused by online music? Piracy is a growing concern and ultimately I think the consumer loses. Artists don't want to tour in countries that won't support their records legally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867670", "title": "Newsreader commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A news reader of a private Oriya channel committed suicide by hanging at his house in Vanasthalipuram on Saturday.The victim was identified as 27-year-old Sabyasachi Patnaik, a native of Siddeshwar in Ganjam district of Orissa. According to police, Patnaik had joined the private channel as a news reader 10 months ago and was staying with a colleague, J K Jena in a rented accommodation at Dwarakamayi Nagar in Vanasthalipuram.Police said Patnaik returned home from work at around 5 pm. \"After a while, Jena went out to have some snacks. When he returned at 8.30 pm, Patnaik was found hanging from the ceiling fan with a lungi,\" Vanasthalipuram sub-inspector (SI) Y Venkatanarayana said. With the help of neighbours, Jena rushed Patnaik to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.Patnaik was the eldest child in the family. After the recent death of his father, he was in a depressed state, the SI said. Police also found the personal diary of Patnaik in which he wrote that he was not performing too well at the work place. \"I was asked to perform well in dubbing work. I will practice hard so that such a situation will not arise again,\" the SI, quoting the diary, said.Police said there was no suicide note. However, based on the diary, they suspect that he might have committed suicide either due to family problems or due to not performing well at the work place.After the post-mortem, Patnaik's body was airlifted to his native place for cremation. A case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866036", "title": "Residents to be trained for 'trauma response team'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to ensure immediate medical help to the victim of a road accident, Chandigarh police have decided to train at least 50 residents in the jurisdiction of each police station. Besides, it will also help the police to keep a tab on the accident causalities in the city.These residents will be a part of the 'trauma response team' to offer the initial medical aid to the victims. Police have tied up with Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32, for this initiative.\"It is very necessary to handle the accident victims with utmost care so that improper transportation and handling doesn't aggravate patient's condition. Therefore, we have asked the concerned SHOs (station house officers) of each police station to identify at least 50 volunteers in their respective area,\" said Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (traffic).\"These volunteers will be given basic medical training to help accident victims. In case of an accident, they can reach the spot immediately and help the cops to take the victim to the nearest hospital,\" the DSP added.\"New medical equipments and facilities would be added in the PCR vans to provide first aid to accident victims. Nearly 200 cops will be trained in trauma response to help the victims,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865870", "title": "Ambulance service for highways mooted", "text": "KOCHI: The country will soon have a dedicated ambulance service system for the highways, to transport accident victims to hospitals in time. \"We will provide a framework and issue general guidelines for this service,\" said Dr Muzzafar Ahmed, member, National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) .NDMA is mandated to lay down policies, plans and guidelines for disaster management to ensure effective response to disasters.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the 56th annual national conference of the Indian Public Health Association (Iphacon 2012) in Kochi on Sunday, Dr Ahmed said a road safety action plan will be put in place soon to check the number of casualties.He said that NDMA is giving a lot of thrust to disaster preparedness but states have to chalk their own plans at the local level. Among the plans that are running parallel to the comprehensive disaster management plan is the transportation disaster management planning.NDMA has proposed an allocation of Rs 15,000 crore for various projects under the 12th Five Year Plan and these would be implemented through various central government programmes under different ministries.Dr Ahmed said guidelines for hospital safety and preparedness to deal with on-site emergencies are also on the anvil. \"We don't want a repeat of the AMRI hospital tragedy. This had resulted in the death of more than 90 patients and has raised many issues about hospital safety. These guidelines will cover fire and all other hazards,\" he said.The attention of hospitals was normally on disaster preparedness and mass casualty management as they are the lifeline during a disaster. NDMA had issued guidelines for medical preparedness but it dealt with handling disasters outside the hospital.Under the new hospital safety management plan, emergencies inside the hospitals in government and private sectors will be addressed.Dr Ahmed will soon head a team that will frame hospital safety guidelines. The team is expected to review the present status of hospitals, identify shortcomings and study international models to frame guidelines. It will also look at legal provisions and recommend steps for better monitoring and supervision of all safety measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11911747", "title": "Defence ministry has spent 70% modernisation funds: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Union budget, defence minister A K Antony today said his ministry has spent over 70 per cent of the modernisation funds allocated to it for the current fiscal.The defence ministry has been sanctioned Rs 69,199 crore for capital expenditure outlay for finalising acquisition of major items such as 10 C-17 heavy-lift aircraft and 145 ultra-light Howitzers.\"Already by December 31, we had spent 66 per cent of the budget. This is a record. By January, it will be more than 70 per cent. From our side, we are spending all money for modernisation,\" he told reporters here.The total budgetary allocation was pegged at Rs 1,64,415 crore for the defence ministry.From the Rs 69,199 crore capital outlay, the Army got Rs 18,986 crore, Navy Rs 5,688 crore, naval fleet Rs 7,320 crore and Air Force Rs 30,699 crore.India is looking to spend over USD 100 billion in defence procurements in the next five years with several big ticket items such as six conventional submarines and 126 Medium-Multirole Combat Aircraft (M-MRCA) to be procured by it.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865294", "title": "Arts extravaganza ends with a Bollywood bang", "text": "With each passing year, the Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival attracts more people. Last year, we saw about 4 lakh visitors, while this year the footfall has reached about 7 lakh,\" said Pallavi Sharma, CEO of the Kala Ghoda Association. \"The city certainly needs more fests like this one,\" she added.This year, Rampart Row saw over 600 street performers break into dance and song for audiences. From Rajasthani Kachhi Ghodi and Merasi performers to Maharashtrian folk dancers doing the Lavani and Lezim, folk art was the dominant theme. \"We tied up with the West Zone Cultural Centre, a Government of India organization, that sourced artists for us from across the country,\" said Areeba Khan, curator of the street festival. \"The most popular street performance was by rope acrobats who performed stunts at a height of 30 feet,\" she added.The festival also saw over 600 children participating in workshops specially organized for them. Apart from clay modelling and flower arrangement workshops, kids learnt how to make music under Chin2 Bhonsle, who taught them how to play the synthesizer, guitar and dafli.\"We wanted to expose children to a variety in art that they would otherwise not learn in school,\" said Dipika Gurnaney Acharya, one of the curators of the children's festival. Acharya herself conducted an M F Hussain workshop with the students of Singapore International School.With the newly opened Cross Maidan Gardens this year, dance and music performance too drew large crowds. \"There's no other city as crazy and inclined to music like Mumbai,\" said Vishal Dadlani. The magical moments were heightened by legends such as Alarmel Valli and Astad Deboo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867745", "title": "Dancing fountain, laser show to enthrall visitors at Rabindra Sarobar", "text": "KOLKATA: A row of dancing fountains and laser shows with vibrant music under the quiet, breezy, starlit sky will soon greet visitors at Rabindra Sarobar. The plan is deemed to take shape All this is coming up within three-and-a-half months from now as the state environment department has decided to is planning to install a musical fountain within the sarobar premises.Talks have already started with private companies who are experts in this field, and it would cost around the government several crores. In a situation where the state is reeling under acute financial crisis, such a project may seem ambitious. But with beautification high on the state government's priority list, nothing seems it does not appear to be a problem.Environment and PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar said on Sunday that this project - the way it was being planned originally - could have cost the government Rs 100 crore. \"But since we cannot afford to spend so much at this point, so we have cut down on the scale of the fountain and we are thus restricting it to a few crores as of now,\" Ghosh Dastidar said. Officials said that the plan was to keep it to Rs 5 crore now.When the laser show is on, there would be music and commentary on the lives of luminaries like Rabindranath Tagore, Swami Vivekananda, Nazrul Islam and so on, said the minister. Several other plans surrounding the dancing fountain are also on.But even as the grand plans on the sarobar are on the anvil, the basic cleaning up process is still not in place. Dirt and filth continues to gather in the water and the pathway as well as the stadium opposite to the lake.Green activist Mudar Patheria has taken several initiatives to get the lake and the stadium cleaned, but even then, the place continues to gather filth. Patheria said it wasOnly after a huge ruckus was raised that the stadium area was cleaned on Saturday, said Patheria. \"Despite several attempts, the filth is back in the sarobar area,\" Patheria added.As TOI took a look around the sarobar on Sunday, even as the stadium looked clean, the lake area, with the pathway surrounding it, was found littered with plastic and paper cups, cigarette butts and plastic packetsin many places. Plastic and paper cups, cigarette butts, plastic packets were lying all overHowever, Patheria welcomed the idea of a laser show. He felt that the show would help draw people in the evenings thereby keeping the ruffians at bay. At present, maximum footfalls are recorded in the mornings. As soon as the sun sets, miscreants take over the area. saying that since the footfall is maximum in the mornings, ruffians take over as soon as it is evening. The more the awareness on the sarobar, the better it is for keeping it clean.\"It is a good idea to introduce laser shows. Rabindra Sarobar should be projected as a social and cultural hub without harming it from the environmental point of view,\" Patheria said.The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) has begun an exercise of cleaning up the lake, and a huge amount of waste and plastic has already been taken out from the bottom of the lake. This exercise cost the PCB more than Rs 1 lakh, and a second phase of the work is to be completed.Other than environment department and WBPCB, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) and Kolkata Improvement trust (KIT) are also jointly going for an upgradation and beautification project of Rabindra Sarobar. It includes planting of saplings, cleaning up the pathway and creating awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11872308", "title": "EC transfers 6 UP officials for 'creating hurdles' in Priyanka's campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission (EC) has transferred six officials posted in Rae Bareli and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar (Amethi). Though the EC did not specify the reason behind the decision, the transfers are believed to have been made following complaints registered by the Congress party.District magistrate (DM) of Rae Bareli Amrita Soni has been transferred to Sitapur. Sitapur DM Ajay Kumar Shukla has been posted in the same capacity to Rae Bareli. Five other officials - sub divisional magistrate (SDM), Dalmau Rae Bareli, BL Saroj, inspector Rae Bareli Sadar, Sudhakar Singh, additional district magistrate (ADM) Amethi, ML Pandey, station officer of Mohanganj Amethi, Anil Kumar Shahi and inspector Amethi Kotwari, Anand Bajpai- have also been shifted to non-election duties.These transfers come after a delegation of the Congress leaders lodged a complaint with the EC on Saturday that the officers in the district administration in the Gandhi stronghold of Rae Bareli and Amethi were harassing the Congress workers at the behest of the ruling BSP. The delegation also complained that the district administration was not granting timely permissions to the Congress' meetings, particularly those of Priyanka. The Congress had also urged the EC to debar the BSP state president and minister in the Mayawati government Swami Prasad Maurya visiting Rae Bareli and Amethi. Maurya's son is contesting election from Unchahar in Rae Bareli.Significantly, the complaint was lodged after an officer in Rae Bareli stopped mobike rally led by Robert Vadra, Priyanka Gandhi's husband, in support of the Congress candidates in the assembly election. Pawan Sen, the IAS officer who was posted in Rae Bareli as a poll observer and had stopped Vadra's rally, was also transferred by the EC on February 6. However, the EC had to put Sen's trasfer on hold following a controversy over the decision. Later, on February 11, the Congress lodged a complaint with the EC in Delhi naming officials in Rae Bareli and Amethi who were obstructing and harassing the party workers.Deputy inspector general of police, Meerut, Prem Prakash, considered being close to chief minister Mayawati's brother, two officials of Bhadohi and a police officer each from Gautambudhnagar and Jaunpur have also been transferred.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11866440", "title": "NGO 'Ahsaas' turns two", "text": "LUDHIANA: The foundation day of an NGO, Ahsaas, was celebrated during a function organized at Deaf and Dumb School on Hambran Road.The organization, which has a large number of children as well, works for fighting against female foeticide. \"We wanted the day to be more meaningful and thus we took stationary items like notebooks, pencils and pencil boxes to the school and distributed these to students on second anniversary of Ahsaas,\" said Sangeeta Bhandari, the NGO president.She added her daughter Chahat and other children like Rachit Arora, Yakini Jain, Uday, Luvya and Yashika Jain also distributed the stationery. \"The look on the faces of these children was divine. NGO members like Komal Arora, Sangeeta Verma, Kiran Jain and Shallini Gupta were also present on the occasion,\" she said.The members played games with these special children and the winners were Usmaan, Ashu Pandey and Mustafa Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865282", "title": "MSRTC to fence depots, issue gate passes", "text": "MUMBAI: MSRTC will fence its bus depots and allow buses to leave the premises only after the driver shows the gate pass.The concept of a gate pass -similar to the ones at car service stations and highly secured establishments-will be introduced soon, sources said. This is being done to ensure that buses don't leave the depot without the consent of the depot/station manager. This comes after a mentally unstable driver hijacked a bus and drove it out of Swargate bus station in Pune, mowing down eight people.\"We don't want such an incident to recur,\" said Deepak Kapoor, managing director of MSRTC. He added that after the incident, suggestions had been put forth by experts on how to enhance security at bus depots across the state.One such suggestion is to have electronically-controlled gates which will open only if the gate security personnel is convinced that the driver has the gate pass. Another suggestion is to have steel barricades across the depots and a narrow exit for the bus. \"This exit gate will be opened only if the driver produces a genuine pass and convinces the security guard that he is taking the bus on official duty,\" an official said. A third suggestion is to have vehicle jammers to lock the movement of buses once they are parked on the premises. The jammers would be unlocked only after the driver gets a bona fide exit pass.MSRTC is likely to introduce the gate pass system soon, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865594", "title": "Thick fog delays Air India flight", "text": "Due to the thick fog, an Air India flight was delayed, Sunday morning. According to sources at the Dabolim airport, the Air India plane that had come down from Mumbai was delayed by 45 minutes. The plane landed in Goa at about 6.20am. While it was ready to depart, thick fog prevented it from taking off, said sources. It was initially scheduled to leave at 7.05am on Sunday morning, but finally left the Dabolim airport only at 7.45am. Sources said plane delays are quite common during such weather.FDA detains one for carrying gutka: Officials of the food and drugs administration (FDA) intercepted and detained a vendor, Santosh Kumar Choudary from Vasco, for carrying Star Gutka and Kolhapuri Gutka worth 20,000 on a two-wheeler. The gutka was seized and Choudary was detained.Power ShutdownDona Paula (Feb 14): Between 9.30am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are National Institute of Oceanography, jetty and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11865700", "title": "He weaves wonder with words", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: \"Jad Kalam Chon Nikleya Taan Dard Akhar Ho Geya, Is Tarah Main Vi Misre Da Patar Ho Geya\", these are the verses written by budding poet and ghazal writer, Rupesh Chopra, who is gradually gaining an impressive fan following. The seeds of his works were laid 7 years ago when he started preserving his poems and ghazals that he started writing in his school days.Twenty five-year-old Rupesh writes in Punjabi and is a disciple of ghazal writer, Amarjeet Singh Sandhu, of Jalandhar.From the last many years, Rupesh Chopra has been writing under Amarjeet Singh Sandhu's guidance and grooming his skills. Sandhu has been publishing his disciple's ghazals in his quarterly ghazal booklet and has received warm response from literature lovers.Belonging to Kapurthala, Rupesh is settled in Ludhiana and works in a pharmaceutical company but ensures to spare time for reading literature and writing. Till date, he has written 35 ghazals, 15 songs and 5 poems, which would be published soon. Rupesh writes under the penname of Roop Nimana. He said after leaving his house when he came to this unknown city, he realized the reality of society and relationships prevailing in it. He has reflected his experiences in his poems and ghazals. Rupesh has a small library of books at his place in which he has treasured the writings of Surjeet Patar, Jagtar, Sukhwinder Amrit, Amarjeet Singh Sandhu and Deepak Jatoi, all the renowned personalities who influence him.He said he loves to visit 'mushairas' held in different places of Punjab and even participate in such literary activities. He humbly says that he is still in a learning stage and is grooming himself well. His friend, Yudhvir Singh, said he likes Rupesh's work that he uploads on his Facebook and receives good feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867541", "title": "Mangadu murder cracked", "text": "CHENNAI: Seven people including three women were arrested on Sunday in connection with the murder of a 39-year-old woman self-help group functionary on January 24.Two of the accused are home guard volunteers and one of them posed as a policeman when they went to Ambika's house and demanded that she go with them to the police station in connection with a cheating case, investigating officers said. They stabbed her to death 50 metres from the house.Six special teams headed by Ambattur deputy commissioner Mahesh Kumar and comprising additional deputy commissioner Jeyakumar and other officers investigated the murder. They found that Ambika had in 2010 helped three women get a loan of 52 lakh from Kanchipuram Central Co-operative Bank. The women used fake documents to take the loan.The manager of the bank, John Basha, had earlier been arrested for misappropriation of funds and Ambika was a witness in the case. After getting the loan, she gave the money to the three women, handing over 19 lakh to Sumithra, 14 lakh to Susheela and 19 lakh to Mala.\"The documents submitted for the loan were later destroyed in a fire at the bank. When the trio stopped making paying the instalments, Ambika demanded that they pay her 15 lakh by January. She threatened to expose them for taking the loan with fake documents if they failed to give her the money,\" a police officer said.Susheela and the others threatened to kill her. \"To get rid of Ambika, Sumithra approached her associate Annamuthu, a home guard, and gave him 50,000 to eliminate Ambika,\" said P Thamaraikannan, additional commissioner of police, law and order. \"Sumithra suggested that he go to her house in the guise of a policeman investigating the John Basha case.\"\"On January 24, Annamuthu went to Ambika's house and said a senior police officer investigating the John Basha case was waiting outside to interrogate her,\" he added. \"When she was outside, his friends Rajkumar, Rajkumar and Deepan dragged her away from the house, slit her throat and stabbed her in the chest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11866748", "title": "No brick in their wall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At least 17 Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) run by the KV Sanghatan of the Union human resources development ministry in the state have been struggling with inadequate infrastructure. A majority of the schools, all of which were opened in 2010, are sharing buildings of other institutions on a temporary basis.None of the schools have got possession of land which was supposed to be provided to them by the state government. Conceding the delay in getting land for the newly-opened schools, KVS assistant commissioner S K Chokdar said the land transfers are in various stages of completion for the schools. \"The sanghatan will start construction after we get possession of the land,\" he said.In Bhubaneswar, two new schools are functioning from the premises of two other state government-run schools. While KV5, Kalingar Nagar, is operating from Government Boys High School campus, Unit IX, the KV6, Pokhariput, is functioning from Jagamara UP School. Lease deed of land for KV5 was signed early this week,while land allocation for KV6 is yet to be finalized, sources said.The state capital has a total of six KVs, including the two new ones. The two-year-old KV2 in Cuttack, functioning from Government Press building premises, has been facing sever shortage of classrooms. Rooms have been partitioned by almirahs to accommodate two classes in single hall.Sources said after the school requested Government Press to give some more rooms, the latter is bargaining for admission quota for children of its employees in the school. School principal Pitambar Das, however, dismissed any such bargain and said the press has agreed to hand over some more warehouses to the school for use as classrooms.The land allotted to KV2 Cuttack is a low lying land, which the sanghatan is reluctant to accept. Sources said it will cost the school Rs 30 lakh to develop the land to make it fit for construction. The principal said the matter would be sorted out as the local MP has offered to sanction money from his local area development fund. Sources said due to disjointed classrooms at the temporary arrangement for the CISF Mundali school, teachers and students have to travel around 500 metres between two classes.Schools in Nuapada, Khariar, Nayagarh, Kendrapada, Murgabadi (Mayurbhanj),Kutra (Sundargarh) and Jajpur too are functioning from cramped buildings. In their opening year in 2010, these schools had classes from I to V. \"As we are adding one upper class every year, the constraints are increasing,\" said a principal, requesting anonymity. Odisha has over 50 KVs, including the 17 opened two years ago. While the state government provides land for the schools, the sanghatan runs them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865387", "title": "Velim's Catholics want apology", "text": "MARGAO: At a meeting held on Sunday to protest against the raiding of the Velim church, the parishioners of Velim have reiterated their demand for \"unconditional apology by authorities in front of the Catholic community of Velim (thereby) restoring the integrity of the parish priest\" and \"identifying the caller (complainant) and taking necessary action\".The locals are contemplating boycotting the March 3 polls if the authorities fail to heed their demands.Taking exception to certain statements by the chief electoral officer, the parishioners have raised several questions in a press note.\"Is the CEO trying to justify the act under the banner of free and fair elections? Is the CEO working in a democratic manner or is he, in the guise of supremacy of election commision, misusing his office? Is there a powerful hand involved in the whole issue, perhaps of persons in power? We have every reason to believe so as the officials are twisting the story every day and have lost the temperament among themselves,\" the press note says.The parishioners have also initiated a signature campaign for a petition addressed to the CEO. The petition reads: \"...As minority community are living in a state of fear over your authorities raiding the religious premises and have tried to malign the name of our religious leader. We see this as an act to suppress our voice wherein our priest tried to advocate ethical voting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11865196", "title": "Good polling even in remote Gadchiroli booths", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration and security forces managed to ensure 63% polling, including good response from interiors, in the second phase of the civic polls in Gadchiroli on Sunday despite the threats from Naxals. The security forces also seized some arms and explosives.Apart from two incidents of firing by Naxals, polling remained undisrupted in most part of the four talukas of south Gadchiroli. Response from interior villages in highly sensitive places like Etapalli and Aheri was better than the relatively urbanized areas of such talukas.Security forces recovered two claymore mines, tin and pipe bombs filled with shrapnels and Bharmar rifles after a brief exchange of fire with Naxals at Ghodsur in Etapalli, where the rebels tried to disrupt polling.Security parties also retaliated after Naxals tried to target a polling party returning after the polls in sensitive Repanpalli. The Naxals, hiding in a nullah, tried to ambush the polling party some 2km from Repanpalli police station on Kamlapur-Repanpalli Road, but retreated after the cops replied with heavy firing.Hearing about the firing at Repanpalli, senior officials immediately started scanning the location with commandos in helicopters. A trail of blood was later traced leading from the nullah where the rebels were positioned. Superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu said most of the polling parties have returned to the base camps. \"We are on high alert,\" he said.The police outsmarted Naxals by taking the jungle routes on foot, since there was a chance of the roads being mined by the rebels to attack polling parties.Around 107 candidates were in the fray in 16 Zilla Parishad seats with 179 in 32 Panchayat Samiti. There were 315 booths. Sources said polls in the interiors were considered a hassle by security forces, but the response surprised many. The results are to be declared on February 17.It is learnt that around 82% polling was recorded at Lankachen, an interior region of Aheri, which has surpassed the percentage in the urban localities of the taluka. Polling in Aheri was 62%. Similarly, there was good response from interior localities of Etapalli.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna said he observed good crowds near polling booths in Gatta-Jambia, considered a Naxal hotbed. \"District administration had campaigned for polling and also made necessary arrangements,\" he said. \"Good response also came from people in Tadgaon, another sensitive place,\" said Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865257", "title": "Schoolbus drivers to be part of traffic safety drives", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely a week after three separate incidents of school students being mowed down by vehicles in the city were reported, the state traffic police has decided to take its road safety campaign more seriously. While till date only students were targeted in order to teach them traffic rules and regulations, the department is now planning to extend the campaign to cover bus contractors and drivers.\"We need to involve the different stakeholders, including schools, bus contractors, drivers and students, in a series of workshops to emphasize the need for safe driving. Drivers need to understand that they hold a great deal of responsibility by ferrying 50-60 kids in a bus and it is pertinent for them to behave responsibly,\" said Vivek Phansalkar, joint commissioner of police (traffic).Safe Kids Worldwide, an organization that has its headquarter in the US, joined hands with Mahendrabhai Mehta of the Ratna Nidhi Charitable Trust a few years ago to start a movement for traffic safety in India. The Mumbai traffic police department is currently working in collaboration with this organization in the city to promote road safety.\"I have trained more than 10 lakh children, 840 schools and 4,000 teachers to spread the message of road safety. The interaction is a genuine need of our times,\" said trustee Rupa Kothari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11864664", "title": "CPM-CPI tirade continues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The tirade between the CPM and CPI state secretaries continued on Sunday with Pinarayi Vijayan issuing a statement condemning the words used by C K Chandrappan against him.\"Chandrappan had urged us to use better words while speaking. It is better to use good words. But it is also good to remember that one should have a better political outlook too,\" said Pinarayi Vijayan. \"The LDF has a political policy, a policy to isolate the Congress and the BJP. No words should come from anyone within the front which would affect the policy of the front. The CPM always upholds the view that the LDF should be strengthened and the unity within the front should be maintained,\" he said.\"However, during the CPM state conference, the CPI leader used such comments which even our detractors have not used. That was most unfortunate,'' the statement said. Meanwhile, CPI state secretary C K Chandrapaan said that Pinarayi Vijayan was using a language different from that of CPM general secretary Prakash Karat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11867336", "title": "BJP promises graft-free govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leader and former deputy prime minister Lal Krishna Advani said that if voted to power, BJP would give a corruption free government, which would be committed to all-round development of the state.He said that since the BJP started its election campaign from Ayodhya, therefore if came to power it would establish 'Ram Raj' by launching several people oriented schemes in the state. Addressing an election meeting in Bhadohi on Sunday, Advani said that the NDA government in its fiveyear rule provided the best possible governance without compromising on its principles .He said that no minister in the NDA government was found involved in any corruption or scam and prices were under control. \"In the UPA government headed by Mnamohan Singh, some ministers are in jail while some others would be landed in jail soon,\" he said.Strongly condemning the statement of Union law minister Salman Khurshid for blatantly violating the warning of the election commission, Advani said that the minister was making a 'mockery' of model code of conduct.\"The prime minister should sack Khurshid for making comments on EC. No minister had ever made comments against the EC in such a way. After being censured by the Commission, the minister is making mockery of model code of conduct,\" he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867610", "title": "Assembly to have standing committees", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major legislative reform, Speaker Nadendla Manohar has decided to appoint standing committees in the state Assembly on the lines of Parliament. \"The government has responded positively to the proposal. The committees will be in place very soon,\" the Speaker told TOI in an interview on the eve of the budget session starting Monday.\"There has been a demand from several democratic forums for standing committees to be appointed with legislators as members so that they can study, research, work along with officers and gain ability to prepare a policy to the government. The long pending demand of standing committees is finally turning into a reality. My goal is to empower the MLAs to the full so that they can understand their role in policy making as well as the government,\" said Manohar.Explaining the deficiencies that are being faced by the legislators in a system where the resources are limited, the Speaker said: \"When an MLA understands his role and powers in the system, he can deal better with the officers, understand different schemes and get more funds for his constituency. This is what I mean by empowerment,\" said Manohar.Among the other reforms, Manohar said question hour in the Assembly, which mostly goes unanswered in view of different types of protests by political parties, will be made sacrosanct soon. The Speaker is striving to arrive at a consensus among the parties to ensure that question hour takes place undisturbed. The Speaker also agreed to increase the number of Assembly sittings in the coming days after discussing the issue with different political parties. The TDP and the Left parties have been urging the government to increase the number of days that the House meets to 100 days in a year.Terming the budget session as crucial, Manohar urged the MLAs not to let down the people who are anxiously waiting to see their representative in the Assembly highlight local problems. \"In these days of information revolution, people can see every minute what their MLA is doing in the Assembly. If they choose to disrupt the House for hours together on trivial issues, it will certainly not go down well with the people,\" said Manohar.Manohar personally wanted more discussion on SC, ST sub-plan funding, tribal and farmer oriented issues in the House. \"The recent Araku valley tour of first-time MLAs has brought a sea change in the perception of the new MLAs who are rearing to pose questions related to tribal and SC, ST funds and farmer issues,\" he said and added that more such field trips are in store for the legislators.Responding to a question on disqualification of pro-Jagan MLAs, the Speaker said he needs some more time to take a final decision. \"Disqualification is a very serious issue. The political career of the MLAs is at stake. That is why I am taking all issues into consideration. Hence, the delay,\" said the Speaker.Under Manohar's leadership, the Assembly is being completely refurbished after nearly 30 years. New ergonomic chairs are being fitted in place of old cushion chairs. After Parliament, AP is the only state which has gone green with the entire House premises changed to green colour. Despite a meager Rs 3.2 crore budget, the Assembly has received a complete face-lift in just three months. \"The Assembly should have an aura and display authority, like the British Parliament. If our law-making building is in a dilapidated condition, it will certainly tell on the MLAs' attitude,\" opined Manohar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "11866220", "title": "Alwar clinic holds camp for anaemic women in cattle sheds", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: A private hospital flouted hygiene guidelines and organized a 'health camp' for anaemic women in buffalo sheds at Newali in Rajasthan's Alwar district last week.The women were asked to sit in a line and given intravenous iron infusion therapy from intravenous iron bottles tightened to a rope. The camp drew a large number of anaemic patients, over 200, as the organizers, Sania Hospital, had widely publicized the event on Wednesday.Block chief medical officer K K Meena said the organizers had not sought permission for the camp.\"The organizers did not have the permission from the district administration. Also, the condition at the camp was unhygienic as there were flies. The empty bottles were thrown at the same place. The patients were not hospitalized to give intravenous iron infusion therapy,'' he said.Meena said he visited the camp and found it badly organized. \"I have written to Alwar chief medical health officer to investigate the matter.''But organizer Tayyab Khan denied having organized the camp inside buffalo sheds. \"In villages everyone keeps buffalos. We organized the camp inside a room. We took all the precautions so that no complication takes place. Also, we are providing free treatment to the anemic women in the area. Such treatment costs Rs 500 per patient but we are doing it for free.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865464", "title": "'Only 2 hospitals comply with fire norms'", "text": "What is the area covered by the Nashik fire department?As per the 2011 census, Nashik has a population of 15 lakh, with an additional floating population of nearly two to three lakh. The fire department caters to the fire safety of all these people through five fire centres in the city. Apart from this, we also provide service in areas 40 km on either side of Nashik city.Do you have sufficient fire tenders for the purpose?As of now we have nine fire tenders, four water bowsers of 12 kilolitre capacity each, one home tender, one rescue van and one mini rescue van. Considering the population of the city, we need at least 15 fire centres, though we just have five as now. In the future, a few more fire tenders, hydraulic platforms, etc. would be added to the kitty of the fire department. There are 165 employees and officers working with us. Though the department is understaffed, the vacancies will be filled in the future.Further, we will soon be putting in place a new fire centre in Nashik at the KK Wagh Engineering College to cover the Adgaon area. We will also need fire stations at Dasak Panchak, Panchavati and Anandwalli.What about the aerial platform that the department possesses?Yes, we have an aerial platform that can reach a height of 30m. While there are questions being raised of its utility, it is also a fact thatFrom 2009, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has been giving permission for the construction of buildings higher than 40m. The basic principle of disaster management is to be prepared for disaster and not wait for one to happen. A proposal for the construction of buildings higher than 45m has also been made. Thus, in the future, we will need aerial platforms more than 55m in height.Does the department have any plans to purchase new machines, keeping in mind the narrow lanes of old Nashik?Yes. In fact, the entire procedure will be over by this March-end. Since the regular-size fire tenders are unable to penetrate parts of old Nashik, Cidco and other such congested areas, we are procuring new equipment.You recently conducted fire-fighting demonstrations in a few hospitals and schools. What was the purpose of that?In the backdrop of the fire that broke out in a hospital in Kolkata, the director of health services and the director of fire services had issued a joint order to us to check whether fire norms were being followed in hospitals and submit a report about the same to the government. Similarly, even the Supreme Court has passed a decision in April 2009 that every multi-storeyed school must observe certain fire safety norms as per IS 14435 of 1997. Keeping this in mind, we have been issuing notices to hospitals and school authorities. The demonstrations were conducted to gauge an institute's preparedness and awareness for fire-fighting, and will be conducted in the future.Which hospitals have been issued notices?We have issued notices to hospitals with a capacity of more than 50 beds. Nashik has 12 to 15 such hospitals. Subsequently, we will also be issuing notices to hospitals with more than 25 beds, which are 146 in number.As of now, how many hospitals have been found complying with the fire norms?There are only two hospitals in the city which are complying with fire norms.Has the sudden decision to issue notices to hospitals caught the medical fraternity unawares? Is there a notice period given to them?Even if that is the case, not all hospitals are fulfilling the rules and regulations of hospitals/nursing homes prescribed in the Development Control Rules of the NMC. We have the power to give 90 to 120 day notice. Hospitals will have to comply by the given rules within the said period.What if they don't comply with the order?The concerned building can be sealed. However, since healthcare is a sensitive issue, I cannot immediately order for a building to be sealed. Nonetheless, a report about the same has been sent to the NMC commissioner.Are malls in Nashik fulfilling the norms?Yes, all malls in the city are fulfilling most of the fire safety norms.What is the issue of industrialists with reference to the fire tax collection by NMC and MIDC?We have been providing fire services as required in the industrial areas. The MIDC is a separate town planning authority. Among other things, the MIDC also gives construction permission and different approvals to industrial units. The no-objection certificate of the fire brigade is given by MIDC authorities, against which they collect a fire prevention fund, whereas the NMC is a service agency which provides roads and electricity to the MIDC, against which it collects property taxThe fire tax is a very small part of property tax, but whenever the need arises, the fire brigade provides all the necessary services to the industries. In providing the fire services to the industrial area, the NMC spends minimum five times of what it gets from the industries in the form of fire tax.Are all your fire-fighters well trained for their job?Training our men is a regular exercise. We improve on their training by way of refresher courses. Eighty-five per cent of our staff is up-to-date and has received proper training at the national fire service college at Nagpur, and the state fire academy at Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11866592", "title": "'Coup plotters targeted Delhi-Dhaka relations'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladesh may have foiled a coup by army officers aligned with fundamentalist outfit Hizb ut Tahrir, but it's worried about men and officers with radical religious views in the armed forces.The coup was plotted to derail the trial of \"war criminals\" (those who sided with Pakistani Army in the 1971 liberation war) and scuttle Sheikh Hasina government's efforts to strengthen ties with India. Bangladesh High Commissioner to India Tariq Karim told TOI, \"Between 2001 and 2006, the Jamaat-e-Islami (as part of BNP government) made considerable inroads into our civil and military institutions. Fundamentalist outfits like the Hizb ut Tahrir are believed to have infiltrated these institutions and even colleges and universities.\"At least 16 serving and retired army officers plotted the coup to overthrow Hasina. Karim confirmed the coup conspirators' links with the Hizb ut Tahrir, banned in Bangladesh in 2009. He, however, said that he didn't know if India provided information about the coup attempt. Hizb ut Tahrir includes a network of educated people and retired military officers based abroad, largely in the UK. \"They have a well-knit and well-motivated network. They are believed to be funded by sources in Bangladesh and abroad,\" Karim said.After Hasina swept to power in 2009, a tribunal was set up to try war criminals. \"Those who now find themselves on the wrong side would want to derail the trial.\" Hasina's detractors allege her government has allowed Bangladesh to become a vassal state of India. They say she conceded much to India which has not reciprocated as generously. \"India is perceived by many as having a history of not keeping its commitment. The scuttling of the Teesta agreement strengthened that perception,\" Karim said.Last year, India signed a tripartite agreement to build Tipaimukh dam in Manipur without keeping Bangladesh in the loop. It fuelled protests in Bangladesh. There are reports that exchange of enclaves between the two countries has hit a roadblock after West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee objected to it. \"Such acts feed anti-India forces, carefully cultivated by elements inimical to the emergence of Bangladesh as an independent, secular and democratic state,\" Karim said. He explained, \"As Bangladesh moves closer to election, the possibility of agent-provocateurs deliberately triggering incidents along the border can't be ruled out.\"Hasina's pro-India stance has dented her popularity. \"Imagine if the present dispensation is replaced by a non-secular Islamist regime. Our borders are porous... figure out the risks involved,\" said Karim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "janta nagar", "code": "11866474", "title": "His singing dreams can wait, not education", "text": "JANTA NAGAR: Jagmeet Singh is just 21 but knows what he wants in life and more important, how to balance it with maturity. He loves singing and fortunately has been blessed with good voice. Now all he wants to do is to make the most of it and be a singer. However, at the same time, he knows the importance of education in life, so has prioritized his life beautifully. He is clear about his aim, he wants to cut a music album, but before that wants to complete his graduation because education is yet another important thing for him. The young lad is doing BBA from Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) and is preparing for MAT entrance while side by side continuing his love for singing too. He has won many prizes at school and college level.Sharing his passion for music, the budding artist said, \"I cannot live without music which flows in my veins. It was with the encouragement and motivation of my friends that I could realize my talent of singing. Though I am from a business family, but I do not want to waste my talent in business. My family is into sewing machine business and my elder brother supports father but I can't do that.\"About his daily routine, he said, \"Presently, I am preparing for the final exams of BBA final year, so devoting less time to singing. Otherwise, I practice on harmonium for several hours together. After completing my graduation, I would prepare for MAT entrance because I believe qualification is equally important.\" He has been training under a music teacher and his family also appreciates his talent. His father is ready to invest in his music album but is wary of music piracy.His father Gulwant Singh said, \"In our family, nobody has done anything except business. But if Jagmeet wants to sing, I don't have objections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11865892", "title": "UT holds interviews to counter strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Giving a signal to the agitated employees of e-sampark centres that their demands may not be instantly resolved without detailed discussions and bureaucratic process, information and technology wing of the Chandigarh administration on Sunday conducted walk-in interviews to make alternative arrangements to run the centres from Monday.With this development, it is clear the public would be able to avail the facilities at e-samprk centres on Monday. Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) on Sunday called people for walk-in interviews at their office in Punjab Engineering College, Sector 12.Agitated employees of the centres reached the spot too, to mark their protest. But, the authority continued the interview process.UT director for IT Yogesh Kumar said, \"We have conducted the walk-ins, which we are entitled to call without any prior permission in public interest. These newly interviewed people have been kept as an alternative besides our own employees. If we face any problem running the e-sampark centres from Monday, we will definitely use this alternative, as public convenience and public interest is more crucial.\"Around 100 employees of e-sampark centres of Chandigarh went on a strike outside the SPIC office on Friday following their unfulfilled demands. SPIC had to then send their employees and students to run the centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866704", "title": "IIM-I cultural fest concludes", "text": "INDORE: The annual cultural festival of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) concluded here on Sunday.Many events like Cult Icon and Jugalbandi and Dhwani were conducted.In singing competition, M Prasanna Kumar won in Hindi singing category while Conrad was declared winner in western category.Other events like dance competition, quizzes, fine art event Akriti, rangoli and city-wide treasure hunt too were conducted.The finale of the rock band event 'Distortion' was held late in the evening wherein various bands contested to win the title.The day ended with a scintillating performance by Ravi Iyer, the former guitarist of Para Yavu, and a rock band performance by last year's 'Distortion' winners Manefus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865580", "title": "IIM-A starts abridged version of placement process from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The final placements for the students of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) begins from Monday. This year, a total of 372 students of the flagship programme, Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP), are eligible for taking part in the cohort-based placement system.The duration of the cohort-based placement system, which was introduced two years ago, will be shorter this year. While the placements consists of several clusters, until now, these clusters were mostly held on weekends. But this year, the number of days between the clusters will be reduced, with around two days break between each cluster. This will make the entire process end faster.With four cohorts to be hosted during the placement, the process will end in less than two weeks this year. The same process could have taken a month to complete if last year's system were to be continued. The duration of the day-based placement system, which was in place before the introduction of the cohort-based placement, however, was only around a week long. The placement used to be held everyday in the day-based system which was stressful for the students.\"We have decided to shorten the span of placement this year following feedbacks from students. The change is aimed at reducing the stress of the students,\" said co-ordinator of Student Placement Committee at IIM-A Atreyi Bose . \"Students undergo mental stress during the placements. So, a month-long placement means that the students go through a prolonged period of mental stress,\" said Bose.The placement will begin with cluster-1 on February 13 and host cluster-2 and cluster-3 on February 17 and 21, respectively. The process will end on February 26 with the hosting of the fourth cluster. After the end of the four cohorts, IIM-A will continue the placement in the form of a rolling placement to find suitable positions for students remaining to be placed. IIM-A had introduced an Indian Placement Reporting Standards (IPRS) last year.According that reporting standards, the institute will reveal details of the placement three months after graduation or declaration of final results of the batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11866896", "title": "Not six packs, glowing skin attracts women to men", "text": "LONDON: If you think that it's muscles which attract women to men, you're wrong, for a study says a healthy glowing skin colour is more important to females than a rugged jaw line or masculine features. In the study, researchers at the University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus showed a group of women photos of 34 Caucasian and 41 black African men's faces. All the snaps were captured in controlled conditions to measure the skin colour of faces.They used a computer technique to measure mathematically how masculine faces are. Each face was then given a score.The findings revealed that the women found men more attractive if they had a more 'golden' colour skin.Ian Stephen, who led the team, was quoted by the Daily Mail as saying, \"The attractive colour in our face is affected by our health - especially by the amount of colourful antioxidant carotenoid pigments we get from fruit and vegetables in our diet.\"They are thought to be good for our immune and reproductive systems, making us healthy and increasing fertility . The masculinity of the face had no effect on the attractiveness of the face.\"According to the researchers , when humans find a member of the opposite sex attractive their brains are telling them they are an appropriate mate. In evolutionary terms, people who are recognized as healthy fertile mates will be more successful at having offspring.Stephen also believes eating your five a day will make you look better than a tan would. \"Our study shows that being healthy may be the best way for men to look attractive. We know you can achieve a more healthy looking skin colour by eating more fruit and vegetables, so that would be a good start,\" he was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865465", "title": "Police play party poopers on Saturday night in North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa police shut down entertainment venues and eateries on the coastal belt at 11pm on Saturday night leaving the local populace, proprietors and tourists shocked.The police personnel went around closing eateries, restaurants and even shut down the Saturday night market at Arpora.\"Men-in-uniform carrying guns were all over the place. Although alcohol was not being served, even water and juices were not permitted to be served. All bar counters were closed. They shut the music, the sound system and the stage lights. People were upset to see men carrying guns. We don't even know whether they were soldiers or policemen,\" a source at the Saturday night market said.Shack owners told TOI that police personnel pleaded with them to cooperate on the matter and not to cause any trouble as they were acting on instructions from the superintendent of police (North Goa).\"The collector, election commission and chief secretary have said that eateries can stay open after 11pm. How can the SP (North) issue such orders to shut our establishments? Stakeholders should be taken into confidence before taking such a decision,\" said John Lobo, general secretary, Shack Owners Welfare Society - Goa.Travel and Tourism Association of Goa president Gaurish Dhond said he was puzzled by the development. \"I was given to understand that they were closing only bars operating after 11pm. I can't understand why eateries are also being shut down. I will inquire into this,\" he said.When contacted, SP (North) Vijay Singh said, \"We are following the Election Commission of India guidelines. As per the guideline, all joints serving liquor and food have to be closed down by 11pm. This will continue till the elections are over.\"Sources said the issue was raised by Singh during a meeting with his officers on Saturday. \"During the meeting, the SP said he had received several complaints that joints serving liquor and food were open late into the night and despite the ECI guidelines, and that the officers have failed to act. Drawing the attention of Calangute PI Santosh Dessai to the issue, he said that he had visited Calangute for an inspection on Friday night and found that joints were being kept open. He warned that his officers need to ensure that joints serving liquor and food are closed by 11pm, failing which, he would be compelled to take disciplinary action against them,\" said sources.Though the police have obeyed the SP's orders, they say that they have been getting calls from the legal counsels of establishment owners asking them why eateries not serving liquor were forcibly shut down and threatened that legal recourse would be sought.Manuel Cardoz, president, The Goan Traditional Shack Owners Association, even questioned the logic of shutting down bar counters at beach shacks at 11pm. \"I don't think shack owners have anything to do with elections. We mostly cater to foreign tourists. For us, business mostly starts only after 9pm. Some tourists come here only for drinks as they can eat anywhere else. The election commission's decision is unfair to shack owners. We should be allowed to remain open at least till 12.30am,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871898", "title": "Jonty Rhodes bonds with film stars", "text": "The South African cricketer was the special guest for the final matches in CCL-2How often would you get to see Jonty Rhodes, Suniel Shetty, Venkatesh, Sarath Kumar, Sudeep and the glam girls and boys of the Indian film industry in one place. It truly was a once in a lifetime opportunity for those present at the Chepauk stadium in Chennai as they got to see not just their Kollywood stars make it to the finals of the CCL-2 but also cheer for Jonty Rhodes as he walked down the stadium.In fact, the actors behaved just like the other fans. We saw many actors including Priyamani, Chiranjeevi Sarja and more clicking pictures alongside the cricketer and posting it on their various networking platforms. The cricketer was apparently quite thrilled with the level of commitment shown in by the actors in the tournament and even complimented some of the better sportmen who were on the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866978", "title": "Three cricket bookies held in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Three bookies were caught with satta slips in the city on Sunday during the India-Australia cricket match. The police said satta slips seized from them suggested transaction worth more than Rs one crore.The accused have been identified as Raj Kumar, 29, Ajay, 42 and Suresh, 31. They were caught booking during the cricket match at Siddharta Lake City in Piplani area. Besides the satta slips, the police seized a television, 6 mobile phones, a calculator and Rs 10,200 cash from them.The police said one accused, Raj Kumar, runs a photocopy shop. Ajay is a shoe trader and Suresh, who was employed in a restaurant in China, is unemployed these days. The three were suspected to be associated with cricket bookies active in other cities. Further Investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11866214", "title": "Mercy killing for tusker in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A female elephant, suffering from an unrecoverable injury in the leg, was awarded mercy killing on the of request of her owner, a wildlife official said in Jaipur on Sunday.The mercy killing was permitted after Shabir Khan, the owner of the elephant, approached the wildlife authorities in this regard. \"Twenty-three-year old Sita was injured some one-and-a-half-month ago fracturing her right leg. Shabir Khan approached us Friday requesting mercy killing for the elephant,\" Director Jaipur Zoo Ajay Gupta said.\"A medical board comprising three members was formed yesterday. It recommended mercy killing for the animal,\" he said. Accordingly, the elephant was administered a poisonous injection at Hathi Gaon on the outskirts of the city last night, Gupta said.He said the suffering elephant was unable to move and the injury was unrecoverable. This is the first case of animal mercy killing in the state, Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11866275", "title": "Farmers set up own firm", "text": "MYSORE: Remove a thorn with the help of a thorn and take the bull by its horns instead of running away from it. These are the two mottos which guided a group of farmers who regularly remained tuned to All India Radio lessons on agriculture to form a company of their own. Three years ago, when they broached the idea to float a corporate company exclusively to market and involve themselves in an agriculture business many in the field mocked them. But they did not lose heart.Initially, they regularly arranged meetings and discussed various problems and new innovations in the agriculture field. Later, they came up with an idea to organize themselves in a better manner and formed 'Banuli Krishikara Balaga' (radio listeners group) with an intention to spread awareness among the farmers on various issues afflicting their field and them, particularly with the advent of global economies.Today many may wonder about this group of farmers who have founded their own company called 'Banuli Krishikara Utpadakara' (radio listeners producers) and set up their own office in the city. Many may term this company as one more addition to the list of companies formed under the company law. But it is a different one with only farmers as its share holders and employees.The aim of the company is to procure agricultural produces, particularly crops and vegetables grown using organic farming techniques and sell them to consumers with a minimum profit. With this, while producers will get remunerative and profitable prices for their produce, consumers will get quality produces at a price less than the prices prevailing in the open market, super bazaars and malls.The company, which already has three stalls in the city, opened another more stall and company office in a house in the posh Jayalakshmipuram area on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11873577", "title": "Israeli diplomat's car in Delhi catches fire, bomb blast suspected", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Israeli official said on Monday that an 'explosion' has hit an Israeli diplomat's car in the city, AP reported.Four persons were hurt in the incident, TV channels reported.Israeli embassy spokesman David Goldfarb said the car was near the embassy when the blast went off on Monday.The incident took place at about 500 meters away from the PM's residence. The incident occurred at 3.15pm.The injured have been taken to the RML hospital. However, one injured Israeli embassy employee has been admitted in AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11867277", "title": "Azam Khan hits out at Congress", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan, on Sunday, hit out at the Congress of giving false hopes to the Muslim community of Uttar Pradesh. Referring to Khurshid's comment on Batla house encounter, Khan said that the attitude of the Congress was to fool the minorities by making false promises.\"The Congress is trying to achieve cheap publicity during elections. One should not announce such things because such announcements are very politically motivated,'' Khan said while speaking to the media in Rampur.The SP leader said the Congress cheated Muslims by saying backward minority's reservation as Muslims reservation.\"They shouldn't have said that this is a Muslim reservation, they cheated Muslims by saying backward minority's reservation as Muslims reservation, they have not been included in the reservation, and half percent reservation is nothing as Muslim community is country's second largest population ,\" Khan said.\"So, saying that we will give nine percent reservation is wrong. We want to know what all the Congress wants to do and why only during elections.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi/manihan (mirzapur)", "code": "11866364", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's Varanasi drive faces poll test", "text": "VARANASI/MANIHAN (MIRZAPUR): Dressed in a khaki kurta-pyjama and a white skull cup, 34-year-old half Indian-half American Laliteshpati Tripathi is participating in a Muslim funeral procession at Garaudi Chowk in Mirzapur. A budding fourth-generation politician whose great grandfather Kamlapati Tripathi was one of the tallest leaders from eastern UP, Tripathi is fighting assembly elections with all he can not just to keep alive the legacy of his illustrious political family but also to save face, and even earn some bragging rights, for his leader and personal friend Rahul Gandhi.He knows that if he wins, Rahul will have an opportunity to get back at those who are accusing him of carrying out 'samajwadification' of Congress by focusing only on OBC votes and thus falling to the lure of caste politics. Garaudi Chowk is part of the newly created Manihan assembly seat where OBC Kurmis, who seem caught between SP and Apna Dal, account for over a lakh voters compared to barely 10,000 Brahmins, his own castemen, who have always revered the Tripathi family.Asked about his proximity to Rahul and his decision to contest from Manihan, Tripathi said, \"We are together trying to break the myth that elections can be won only through caste.\"Rahul probably knew what he was getting into as he spent seven hours in the constituency last month to gather support for Tripathi. He came back again to address a rally last week. In fact, the entire region led by nearby Varanasi, which goes to polls on Wednesday, is being seen as make-or-break for Rahul, who has invested maximum time and energy here. He has visited Varanasi thrice in the past few weeks but his campaign effectively started last year when he arranged a meeting of the numerically important Muslim community with PM Manmohan Singh.The signs are not all that encouraging though. \"Mayawati's 'plus' Brahmins and Muslims are no longer fully with her but it is not benefiting Congress. In Varanasi, the only two seats where Congress is in the fight are Varanasi South and Pindra and that is hardly because of Rahul,\" said Manoj Mishra, an assistant professor of political science at BHU.While the Congress candidate in Varanasi South is Dayalu Mishra, who is likely to get Muslim votes because he is seen as powerful enough to take on BJP's sitting five-time MLA Shyamdeo Roy Choudhary, the party's candidate in Pindra is Ajai Rai, a local strongman who was with BJP until the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.The Muslim youths who mill around Tripathi are pleased though that he has managed to reach Garaudi in time for the burial process to go off smoothly. \"The Muslims may not be positively inclined towards Congress but this man could still end up getting many votes from them because he seems to be very hardworking and humble,\" said Maulana Alauddin who is the principal of the local Madrasa Islamia school.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11865995", "title": "Woman who killed hubby in self-defence let off", "text": "MADURAI: A 40-year-old woman who murdered her husband was let off by the police who invoked a section in the Indian Penal Code that offers the right of self-defence to an individual.The woman had assaulted her husband with a cricket bat when he attempted to molest their daughter. Police said the woman, Usharani (40), of Tirupalai, a mother of four children, had a dispute with her husband Jothi Basu for the past several years. Usharani had also approached the police with complaints against her husband and as recently as February 8, she had lodged a police complaint against Basu. Every time a complaint was made, Basu would apologise and promise not to harass his wife.Even as the couple had parted ways in 2007 after obtaining a divorce, Basu managed to convince Usharani to live together last year. But again, disputes arose between the couple as Basu started harassing her as well as other family members. Usharani once again decided to stay away from her husband and was living with her mother and children at Tirupalai.Last Thursday, Basu came to the house and assaulted Usharani. He then attempted to molest his 19-year- old daughter. When Usharani intervened and attempted to shove him away in a bid to protect her daughter, Basu went on a rage and picked up a cricket bat and assaulted her. Left with no other option Usharani then snatched away the bat and hit back at Basu. The man, who suffered a fatal blow, collapsed on the floor and died on the spot.Subsequently, police conducted a probe wherein she admitted to have murdered her husband and said she had committed the offence only as a means to defend herself and the modesty of her daughter. Madurai SP Asra Garg, who found that the woman had acted only in self-defence, invoked section 100 of the IPC that offers succour under the provision of \"right of private defence of the body extending to cause death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866962", "title": "In style", "text": "The textile and clothing (T&C;) sector is the largest employment provider after agriculture, and currently employs over 45 million people in India.\"The readymade garment sector has accorded the steepest increase of adding about six million people in recent times and currently employs over 12 million people,\" says Rahul Mehta, vice-chairman, Institute of Apparel Management (IAM). The mainstream textile and clothing sector thus has the potential to employ around 17-20 million people (incrementally, by 2022, there should be 17 million jobs in textiles and clothing as also 9.34 million engineers, diploma holders, vocationally trained, other graduates, etc). Out of the total requirement, there is an employment possibility of 10 million people in the apparel sector alone.\"Garments are the final link in a chain that starts from fibres. Consequently, it adds maximum value and has the potential to create jobs. In fact, the apparel industry is the second largest employment provider. Studies indicate that rupees one crore of exports of apparel creates 85 jobs, which include 32 tailors, 32 inline personnel and 21 indirect jobs for designers, merchandisers, quality controllers, junior and middle level managers, etc. With an investment of a crore rupees in an apparel manufacturing factory, 500 direct and 200 indirect jobs are created. The apparel sector is estimated to employ over seven million workers directly and 25 million indirectly, of which 50% are in the export sector,\" says Darlie Koshy, DG &amp; CEO, IAM &amp; ATDC.Estimates by experts confirm that an investment of rupees one crore in the apparel industry results in setting up an industry with 200-250 machines, 275 direct jobs and about 125 indirect jobs. IAM's placements held from January 17-20 further asserted the industry demand for skilled graduates, with more than 25 leading fashion companies participating in the placement week. Students have been placed in fashion sectors including exports, retail, brands, design houses and e-Commerce ventures. For details, call 9650011426 or email to admissions@iamindia.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870938", "title": "Rahul Bose hosts sports auction", "text": "The second edition of 'Equation - An Auction For Equality', a sports memorabilia auction hosted by actor Rahul Bose's NGO, The Foundation, saw a starry attendance. A total of 33 pieces from sporting history donated by 33 sportspersons went under the hammer, the proceeds of which were donated to The Foundation.Celebrities from across fields of sports, cinema, fashion and the corporate world, attended the event to extend their support to Bose and his NGO. Kapil Dev was amongst the first to arrive along with his wife, and was followed by Viren Rasquina and Bishan Singh Bedi along with Erapalli Prasanna and Prakash Padukone. Milkha Singh too graced the event with his and his wife. And then came a slew of names like Siddharth Suryanarayan, Cyrus Broacha, Vipul and Shefali Shah, Atul and Vandana Kasbekar, Ravi Krishnan and Gabriella, as well as Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra. Mehra walked out as the proud owner of of Milkha Singh's shoes at a bid amount of Rs 24 lakhs. It was quite the moment and everyone could sense his excitement as part of the preparation for his next release. Vijay Mallya and son Sidhartha along with Gautam Singhania and Gul Panag too attended the event. Items that were auctioned included the autographed ball by MS Dhoni and Kumara Sangakarra from the ICC World Cup 2011 fetching the highest bid for Rs 38 lakhs followed by Milkha Singh's shoes. The bat signed by all the members of the world cup winning team fetched Rs 14 lakhs followed by Sachin Tendular's bat that fetched Rs 11 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11871922", "title": "McAfee names Jagdish Mahapatra as MD India &amp; SAARC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security software provider McAfee has appointed Jagdish Mahapatra as the Managing Director for India and SAARC operations.Based in Mumbai, Mahapatra will report to Wahab Yusoff, Vice-President South Asia and will spearhead the company's growth in the subcontinent, McAfee said in a statement.In this role, his key responsibilities include driving enterprise and consumer driven product revenues, strengthening the customer base across verticals and leading channel partner and alliance engagements, it added.In his previous role, Mahapatra was the Senior Vice President (IT Services Sales) at Cisco Systems India. Prior to that, he has managed the networking business for Godrej Pacific and also been associated with Larsen and Toubro.McAfee is one of the world's largest security technology company, providing solutions to consumers and businesses against malware and emerging online threats.Last year, computer chip maker Intel completed the acquisition of the company for $7.68 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867289", "title": "'Need to focus on children's needs and rights'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of the shocking incident in Chennai where a class IX student stabbed his teacher to death in the classroom, a workshop on 'Roles and responsibilities of multi-disciplinary stakeholders in protecting children' was held in the city on Sunday.Attended by prominent representatives from various fields involving child rights, juvenile justice and rehabilitation of children in need of care and protection, the event included presentations and discussions which aimed at making all the stakeholders including police, judiciary, institutions, communities and families work collectively towards protecting children and their interests.Talking about the need for a platform to address issues related to children, Altamas Kabir, Supreme Court judge and chairman, National Legal Service Authority (NLSA), said, \"A collective effort is essential for the situation to improve. The Juvenile Justice Act of 2000 entrusts a grave responsibility on the Juvenile Justice Board to deal with offences related to children and rehabilitate them which must be fulfilled in the true spirit of the special Act and in the interest of the children.\" The sessions included speakers narrating appalling instances of children who were mistreated in police stations, locked up for weeks, not given food for days and also institutionalised children who were not brought before authorities like the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) or the Juvenile Justice Board. Referring to these grave incidents, Madan B Lokur, chief justice of AP High Court, said, \"I agree that things are bad in many places, but this event is a step forward to find a solution to these problems.\" During the workshop, issues like sensitization of police towards juvenile offenders and witnesses, availability of social workers and special juvenile police officers (SJPOs) at police stations and Juvenile Justice Boards round-the-clock, expediting investigation into matters of juvenile offences etc were highlighted. Ramana Kumar, SP, Nellore, spoke about an ongoing project in Nellore called Child and Police (CAP) under which 80 children from a poverty stricken community living on a burial ground were provided hostel and school facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867632", "title": "Civic body to distribute rare medicinal plants in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens can now get saplings of some rare medicinal plants from the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;). Of course, they have to pay a nominal fee, Re one for each sapling.The National Medicinal Plants Board (NMPB), as part of its Rare, Endangered and Threatened (RET) species mission, gave the responsibility of plantation of medicinal plants to the Andhra Pradesh Medicinal &amp; Aromatic Plants Board (APMAPB). In turn, the Medicinal Board has tied up with the Water Board to take up plantation of 10 RET species on a massive scale.\"The Water Board has raised around 10 lakh saplings of 10 species__Ocimum sanctum (Tulasi in Telugu), Coleus ambonicus (Vaamu), Andragraphis paniculata (Nelavemu), Centella asiatica (Saraswati), Bacopa munnerii (Brahmi), Ocimum tenufolium (Sabja), Adatoda vasica (Addasaramu), Gymnema sylvestre (Podapatri), Tinospora cordifolia (Amrutavalli) and Aloe vera (Kalabanda)__ on around 250 acres of land at Singaapur, Kodandapur, Peddapur and Himayathsagar reservoirs and pumping stations,\" HMWS&SB; plantation cell division (PCD) in-charge-cum-deputy conservator of forests D B Sankar Rao told TOI.\"With people turning to nature for common ailments, they can develop their own home herbal garden. For instance, Ocimum sanctum and Coleus ambonicus is commonly used for common cold , Andragraphis paniculata in diabetes and fever, Centella asiatica and Bacopa munneri for improvement of memory, Ocimum tenufolium for cough and cold, Gymnema sylvestre for diabetes, Tinospora cordifolia for rejuvenation and Aloe vera as moisturiser,\" the official added.Residential colonies can approach the Water Board's general managers and seek the saplings. \"So far, we have sold over two lakh saplings and another eight lakhs are readily available with the Water Board,\" the DyCF said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865775", "title": "Residents now anxiously wait for SC order on bypass", "text": "JAIPUR: Angry protests by the residents against the B2 bypass increased on Sunday.After a 35-year-old biker hit by a truck from behind on Saturday night at the Muhana Mandi turn, which is a km away from the bypass, the residents of the New Sanganer Road blocked the highway for around 15 minutes.\"Even after so many days no necessary work for allowing smooth flow of heavy traffic has been undertaken. We were assured by the traffic department that the bypass will be opened only after widening of roads. The decision to open it in haste has put the life of residents at risk,\" Prithvi Singh, one of the protestors at the bypass, told TOI.The B2 bypass was opened to heavy vehicles nearly 2 years after its construction. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has spent nearly Rs 17 crore for the construction of a high-level bridge at Amanishah Nullah and an underpass to connect Durgapura Agriculture Farm.After the B2 bypass was constructed, the UDH department had passed an order on June 30, 2010 stopping the movement of heavy vehicles on it.People in the Mansarovar residential area through which the bypass passes are anxiously waiting for the Supreme Court decision on a litigation on the issue it is scheduled to hear on Monday. The residents approached the apex court to oppose the diversion of heavy vehicular traffic on the B2 bypass. The litigation has been listed twice earlier also before the apex court.\"We are positive that the decision will be in our favour as our demand is justified. From January 28, since the bypass was open to heavy vehicles, nine accidents have occurred claiming four lives,\" said Ashima Kaushik, a resident who has been actively protesting against the B2 bypass.The administration opened the bypass for heavy vehicles on the basis of a high court order. The residents have approached the apex court in appeal against the high court order. President of the Mansarovar Vikas Manch, Abhay Purohit said, \"Due to technical faults, the case's hearing date got extended twice. We are looking forward to a SC decision now. The court had asked for some supportive documents and so extended the date earlier.\"In the caveat filed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) in the Supreme Court following the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by the residents, the civic authority had mentioned that the road along the Dwarkadas Park was 200-feet wide. \"We have stated it's not true. The Supreme Court has asked us to get an affidavit on the actual width of the road and we submitted that on January 30,\" Purohit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11865168", "title": "'Kirtan helps man to control anger'", "text": "YAVATMAL: \"The modern society will lose the moral values if we neglect the spirit and objective behind the singing of hymns (kirtan),\" said noted kirtankar Bharatbuva Ramdasi Maharaj of Beed.The three-day kirtan mahotsav was organized under the joint auspices of Rajlaxmi Nagari Sahakari Pat Sanstha, Pote Hospital and Ishwar-Allah Bahuddeshiya Sanstha from February 10-12.Litterateur Dr Sharad Kalnawat, Dr Vijay Pote, Arvind Tayade and Hemlata Wankhede too attended the mahotsav.At the outset, the chief kirthankar Bharatbuva Ramdasi Maharaj lighted the traditional lamp followed by the felicitation of Prof. N.M. Joshi for his achievements in the field of journalism and Susheel Bathalwar for his appointment as the District Commandant of Home Guard at the hands of the chief guest.In his address Dr Kalnawat said that the man is both God and animal and when he loses his patience, he behaves like a beast. \"Such human behaviour of anger should be controlled through devotion. Kirtan increases the ability of a man to control his anger and save him from sudden provocation.\" tnnSecond day kirtan was led by Dnyaneshwarbuva Wagh of Akola and the concluding day was made memorable to the devotees with the enthralling hymns sung by Charudutji Aafale of Pune. Hundreds of men and women attended the festival.The Kirthan Mahotsav is being arranged in the city for the last five years to attract the younger generation to the path of god and thereby inculcate in them the precious human values to live in peace and harmony, said Dr. Vijay Pote in his introductory speech.The President of the Rajlaxmi Credit Society Arvind Tayade has compered the programme while the renowned surgeon and cancer specialist Dr. Vijay Pote has proposed a vote of thanks. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11873124", "title": "Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 launched in India", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has quietly launched its Galaxy Tab 7.7 GT-P6800 tablet aka Galaxy Tab 680 in the Indian market.At 7.89 mm in thickness, Galaxy Tab 7.7 weighs 335 gram and features a 7.7-inch Super AMOLED Plus display with 1280 x 800 pixels. Powered by a 1.4 GHz dual core processor, the tablet runs on Android 3.2 Honeycomb operating system and can be upgraded to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich on release.The tablet packs 5,100 mAh battery which offers up to 10 hours of video playback time. As for the memory, Galaxy Tab 680 comes with 1GB RAM, 16GB internal memory and support for 32GB via MicroSD card.The tablet also features a 3 megapixel auto focus camera with LED flash and allows users to record videos at 720p HD. There is also a 2 megapixel secondary camera for video calling.For connectivity, the tablet includes 3G HSPA? 21Mbps, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n with WiFi Direct, Bluetooth v3.0, USB 2.0 Host and A-GPS.Galaxy Tab 7.7 GT-P6800's WiFi+3G version is priced Rs 33,571 approximately on online retail portal Flipkart.Samsung unveiled Galaxy Tab 7.7 in September 2011 at the gadget show IFA held in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11866547", "title": "Witnesses 'threatened' by jailed hooch don", "text": "KOLKATA: Has Selim Laskar buried his rivalry with his protege-turned-rival Khora Badshah or Noor Islam Fakir who was implicated by CID for the Mograhat hooch tragedy which killed 171 people? If not, who is backing Khora Badshah now?A series of events, including Mujibur Mollah's - on whose complaint CID filed the chargesheet against Badshah on Saturday - petition before an Alipore court claiming he was \"forced\" to file the FIR, indicates to it. Two persons - Naseer Laskar and Rezaul Islam Laskar - witnesses cited by CID in its chargesheet, have also lodged complaints with police claiming they're being threatened by Badshah and his henchmen. Badshah is now in jail.The petition (No. 1043/2012) of Mujibur, who was reportedly sighted in the court along with a Congress gram panchayat member, came as a jolt for investigating officers. Though police believe, if any complaint is made an FIR, the original complainant can't withdraw the case without court's approval. These, the officers' point out, are often done in compoundable offences (like cheating or criminal conspiracy) where with the court's consent at a later stage, the complainants and the accused can resolve amicably.CID submitted the chargesheet under sections 304 (culpable homicide), 326 (grievous hurt) and 328 (causing hurt by means of poison) - all of which are non-compoundable. The Alipore court is expected to hear this on February 19. Mujibur - the original complainant - is now one of the 228 witness, CID cited in the chargesheets. Several of them - including Naseer and Laskar - have already testified under 164 CrPC before a judicial magistrate.The implications are not lost on CIDDIG (CID) K Jayaraman said: \"We have requested the government for a special prosecutor and will press for a speedy trial (in a fast track court). Local police will investigate reports of witnesses being threatened, but at a later stage we might consider intervening if such acts threaten to jeopardize our investigations for these are, after all our witnesses.\" Jayaraman admitted CID is keeping tabs on the developments, refusing to specify it.This curiously has also coincided by Selim's return to Mograhat, sources indicated. Selim had been lying low for some time after the December 14 hooch tragedy. Says a senior government official posted in Mograhat (he refused to be named), \"Only last week, Selim and his aides brutally roughed up a local trader Subir Ali, meters away from the BDO office. He is back in business and so is the illegal hooch trade - albeit very secretively now.\"CID also says in the chargesheet that the rift bwteen Selim and Badshah became wider after the later elbowed out his one-time mentor from the proliferating hooch trade. As a last resort, the chargesheet says, Selim had also brought in a close aide (curiously the brother of the Congress leader who reportedly accompanied Mujibur to court) to thrash out his differences with Badshah. Locals suggest finally it has yielded results - a cornered Badshah not only agreeing to part with his bootlegging trade but even shelling out crores for his freedom. Under different circumstances, CID would have dismissed these as mere allegations unless this also coinciding with the allegations of threats.\"All this fall under the jurisdiction of Mograhat police station. We're not in a position to comment on it,\" the DIG CID said.But CID's silence on the role of local police and Excise officials has raised several questions. In spite of repeated allegations of government officials deliberately chose to look the other way as illegal hooch dens proliferated in Sangrampur and some among those 14 arrested detailing the extent of their \"rapport\" with men in uniform, the names still didn't figure in the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865408", "title": "Three independents likely to get BJP support for poll", "text": "MARGAO: As a part of its strategy to break the Congress bastion of Salcete, the BJP is likely to support independent candidates in three constituencies in the Catholic-dominated taluka in South Goa.Sourced informed that the BJP is likely to extend its support to Domnick Gaonkar in Curtorim, Benjamin D'Silva in Velim and Avertano Furtado in Navelim, who will be contesting as independents.BJP general secretary, Narendra Sawaikar, speaking to TOI said: \"In line with the party's strategy, we may require to support independents in some places in Salcete.\"In Cuncolim the BJP has fielded Subhash alias Rajan Naik to take on the urban development minister Joaquim Alemao. However, with just one more day remaining for filing nominations, the BJP-MGP alliance is is yet to make its stand clear over its Benaulim seat. Hubert Gomes, who is contesting from Benaulim, when contacted said though he was not approached by any party so far, he would welcome such offer from any political party. Benaulim constituency has around 1,200 Hindu voters and 500 Muslim voters.In Navelim, of the total 24,000 voters, 12600 are from the Catholic community, while 9500 are Hindus. The Muslim community constitutes a sizeable 4,000 votes.With the BJP Navelim mandal actively canvassing for independent candidate, Avertano Furtado has smelt a victory. \"I will by at least 1500 votes,\" he said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867784", "title": "Now, state plans to beautify suburbs", "text": "KOLKATA: With beautification plans for the city already in progress, the Mamata Banerjee government now wants to beautify towns on the fringes of the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA).Not only the city, the Mamata Banerjee government wants towns in the fringes of the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA) beautified with proper civic amenities.State urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim will meet representatives of all municipalities and civic corporations in the KMA area and its surroundings, at Unnayan Bhavan on Monday, to discuss the plan. The minister said that discussions will be held on how municipalities and municipal corporations can implement beautification plans.\"We will discuss the beautification plan and allocation of funds for it,\" said the minister. The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has already given municipalities funds for beautification projects.The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has been working on the master plan which the civic bodies will be asked to follow. been preparing master plans for beautification and the civic corporations and the municipalities will be asked to follow these plans.The plan includes proper illumination and streetlights, beautification of roadsides, pavements and boulevards and setting up street furniture in important urban areas like Howrah, Chandernagore, Kalyani and Chinsurah., similar to the way Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has been working on the city's beautification plans.With wider road network and construction of the second Vivekananda bridge, connectivity within the KMA which includes South and North 24-Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly and Nadia have improved drastically. The government thus wants to spread the city's beautification programme into these areas as an extension of the city proper.The KMDA was already working on preparing a master plan to develop the peri-urban areas of the state.Authorities feel that high population in the peri-urban areas is creating pressure not only on land and water supply, but also on basic amenities like sanitation, drainage and transport. This has resulted in uncontrolled land use and environmental degradation.The authorities are concerned that high population growth in areas on the periphery of urban centres within KMA is creating pressure on land, water supply and basic amenities like sanitation, drainage and transport. These result in haphazard and unplanned growth and uncontrolled land use and environmental degradation.Officials said that the beautification plan when implemented will help municipalities create an eco-friendly environment with proper infrastructure and pave the way for housing projects and employment generation in these areas. KMDA is working on preparing an outline on the land-use plan for KMA and specifying building bylaws.The urban development department also wants to execute some canal canal renovation work like the at Tolly Nullah canal and Kestopur canal with funds of the National Ganga River Basin Authority. Firhad and department officials The minister, along with senior urban development department officials, had a meeting with the Centre last week where they state government expressed their willingness to bring these canals under the scheme so that funds can flow in from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866560", "title": "Traffic curbs at Wakdewadi", "text": "PUNE: The traffic department has introduced partial restrictions on movement of traffic in the Wakdewadi subway on a trial basis. Vehicles travelling from Narveer Tanajiwadi towards Patil Estate will not be permitted to turn right in the subway.Officials say vehicles taking right turn towards ajPatil Estate block flow of vehicles coming from Pimpri and going towards Narveer Taniwadi. This creates jams in the Narveer Tanajiwadi area.The restriction has been introduced till February 25. Citizens can send their suggestions and objections on the matter to the deputy commissioner of police (traffic), Sadhu Vaswani Road, Pune-411001, till February 25.The traffic branch will take a final decision based on the suggestions and objections submitted by citizens. tnnAt present, cars and other light four-wheelers are allowed to use the subway because of the ongoing work on a grade separator at Sancheti chowk. The subway is meant only for two-wheelers, traffic officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865894", "title": "Nurses\u2019 strike in Lakeshore ends", "text": "KOCHI: The two-week-long strike by nurses' unions in Lakeshore Hospital ended on Sunday.The hospital management has revised the salary package for the nursing staff. Minimum wages have been fixed at Rs 8,131. Salary for experienced nurses will be between Rs 11,750 and Rs 14,750 based on experience. The revised salary package will be effective from January 1, 2012.During the talks initiated by labour minister Shibu Baby John to settle the strike, the management and nurses' union were ready for a compromise. Baby John said the state government would not hold any discussions with hospitals that were not giving minimum wages to nurses. He also said there was no use blaming the government without giving minimum wages to nursing staff.But the strike continues in MOSC Medical College Hospital in Kolencherry where talks failed again. The hospital management was not ready to accept the salary package that was proposed by the labour minister in a discussion that was held in Aluva on Saturday.The private hospital management association on Sunday said they would close down hospitals across the state if the government failed to settle the nurses' stir in the next 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866138", "title": "Post-poll alliance plan is treachery, says Gorhe", "text": "Shiv Sena party spokesperson Neelam Gorhe on Sunday said though the Congress and NCP are contesting against each other in the municipal elections, the Congress leaders have already indicated that the two parties will form an alliance after elections. This, she said, is cheating voters.Gorhe, in a statement, said senior NCP leaders have been criticizing Congress MP Suresh Kalmadi . However, these leaders themselves had campaigned for Kalmadi in the last Lok Sabha elections, she said. Leaders of the two parties have already started giving indications that they would form an alliance after elections. The voters will spoil theirplans, Gorhe said, claiming that the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI alliance will come to power. Gorhe said the election rally addressed by party supremo Bal Thackeray in Thane has made an effect in Pune also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872956", "title": "Whitney Houston 'died in the bath'", "text": "Whitney Houston reportedly died in the bath after a 48-hour alcohol binge.The 48-year-old singer - who battled drink and drug addiction in the past - was found dead in her Beverly Hills hotel room on Saturday (11.02.12) afternoon and she is thought to have passed out before slipping under the water.She was discovered by her hairdresser - one of several members of her entourage in other parts of her fourth-floor suite at the Beverly Hilton Hotel - who found her with her face underwater and her legs in the air.Half a dozen bottles of prescription drugs including Lorazepam , Valium and Xanax - used as sleeping aids, relaxants and to ease anxiety - are said to have been found in the suite.After the hairdresser screamed, one of Whitney's bodyguards came into the bathroom and dragged her from the tub before attempting to revive her.Unfortunately nothing could be done and the mother-of-one was pronounced dead at 3.55pm and her body was finally removed from the hotel yesterday morning (12.02.12).On the Thursday before her tragic death (09.02.12) the 'I Will Always Love You' hitmaker looked disorientated and wild-eyed as she left Hollywood nightclub Tru in the early hours and had scratched on her wrist and blood running down her leg.She was spotted downing tequila and went \"berserk\" when she saw on/off lover Ray J talking to US 'X Factor' contestant Stacy Francis.Witnesses who saw her leave said she seemed \"wasted\".Whitney then went out drinking again on Friday (10.02.12) and onlookers say her group was loud and boisterous.She was also displaying erratic behaviour during the daytime and on Thursday she was seen wandering around the hotel lobby with soaking hair and mismatched clothes.One source said she appeared bloated and \"smelled of alcohol and cigarettes\".Following her untimely passing, Whitney's family issued a statement saying: \"This is an unimaginable tragedy and we will miss her terribly.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869883", "title": "Maach Mishti \u2019n\u2019 More's calender launch", "text": "The team of \"Maach Mishti 'n' More\" gathered at a city hotel on Friday evening for the calender launch of the film. The star cast - Soumitra Chatterjee, Swastika Mukherjee, Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Rachita, Parno Mittra, Neha, Anubrata - was in full attendance. Also present was director Mainak Bhaumik.\"The purpose of launching the calender is to have an everlasting place in the homes of our viewers. As people relate to Bengalis with maach and mishti, I have tried to keep the essence of Bengal throughout my film, which is about three brothers belonging to a middle class Bengali family,\" said Mainak.Veteran actor Soumitra Chatterjee, who is playing a happy-go-lucky character, said, \"I play the grandfather of the three male protagonists. He is a lively person, who does not believe in generation gap. He m o t ivat e s others to follow their heart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11866621", "title": "Striking teachers to march to Bangalore", "text": "DHARWAD: The teachers of unaided private Kannada medium schools and pre-university colleges, who have been staging an indefinite hunger strike for the past 59 days in Dharwad demanding release of salary grants, will take out a protest march to Bangalore.MLC and former minister for primary and secondary education Basavaraj Horatti will lead the march which will start from Dharwad on February 22.Horatti said the chief minister who had promised to come out with a solution for the issue on the floor of the House on February 8 could not do so as the entire proceedings were marred by the porngate episode.In a letter to chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda, Horatti urged the CM to fulfill the commitment made by the government by issuing orders for the release of funds to the employees of unaided schools which were eligible for grant-in-aid facility.Meanwhile chairman of Karnatak legislative council D H Shankar Murthy has also written to the chief minister to immediately withdraw the ban on release of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865424", "title": "Couple's death sparks protest", "text": "PATNA: Agitated over the death of a couple in an incident of fire late on Saturday night, the residents of Road No. 31, Gardanibagh, blocked the Chitkohra-Anisabad main road at Chitkohra road overbridge under the Gardanibagh police station on Sunday demanding compensation to the family members of the deceased.The police said that the couple identified as Sujit Kumar (25) and his wife Poonam Devi (21) were roasted alive after their hut caught fire when a burning earthen lamp fell. Three adjoining huts also caught fire, the police said and added that though the others managed to escape, the couple were roasted alive in the fire.Gardanibagh police station SHO N N Shukla said that the blockade was later lifted after officials of the Patna district administration reached the spot and provided compensation. He, however, claimed that fire broke out due to short circuit.Student's death case: The Patna Police are planning to get the printouts of the cellphone belonging to an engineering student of Imperial College of Engineering and Research, Pune, Hari Shankar A Mehta (25), who was found dead under mysterious circumstances in a hotel room located on Station Road under Kotwali police station wearing a salwar-suit like a woman on Saturday. The police had on Saturday recovered a cellphone from deceased's possession. City SP Kim said that though the deceased's family members reached the state capital, they did not divulge much. She said that the local police were trying to get printouts of the calls made from the recovered cellphone.DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma said that the police were also probing into the activities of the deceased during his stay in the state capital. Meanwhile, a police officer, associated with the investigation of the case, said that the deceased's family members said that they had no information that Shankar wore girl's clothes.The officer said that the family members described the deceased as a good-natured boy, who had never quarrelled with anyone.The family members told the police that they would perform the deceased's last rites at Patna itself, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11865428", "title": "BJP has two candidates for Pernem?", "text": "MAPUSA: Two applicants have filed nominations as the BJP candidates to contest the March 3 elections from the Pernem seat. In an unprecedented move, on Saturday, Vithu Morajkar filed his nomination as the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate to contest the elections. The development has caused a flutter in the BJP camp since Rajendra Arlekar had on Thursday filed his nomination as BJP candidate from Pernem.Now, there are two BJP candidates from the Pernem seat, but the returning officer has said that during scrutiny only one nomination would be accepted as official BJP candidate. Form 'A' which has to be submitted with the nomination is the declaration by the registered political party to nominate the candidate while form 'B' is the letter of nomination by the party.Sources told TOI that the BJP has given form A and B to the former Vasco MLA Rajendra Arlekar as their official candidate. Speaking to STOI Morajkar said that he has not taken a decision yet.\"I am yet to take the final decision, however I have geared myself to contest as independent,\" Morajkar said.Vithu Morajkar lost to Dhargalim MLA Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar by 774 votes in the 2007 polls. BJP has decided to allot the Pernem ticket to its former Vasco MLA Rajendra Arlekar as Vithu has not been able to stand up to Azgaonkar's power play as sports minister. \"We are confident that he (Morajkar) will stand by the party as he is the loyal BJP man,\" said state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11865539", "title": "Fire hydrants commissioned at Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Following a delay spanning several months, the fire hydrants in the Mapusa municipal market were finally commissioned on Thursday. A trial was conducted in the presence of PWD assistant engineer Prakash Surlikar, Mapusa merchants association, president, Yeshwant Gaundalkar and the fire and emergency services led by Mapusa fire officer D D Redkar. A check was carried out on all five fire hydrants, wherein it was found that the water was obtained at sufficient pressure. Following the check, Surlikar declared that the hydrants were fully functional and could henceforth be used during emergencies in the Mapusa market.It may be recalled that in December 2010, 16 shops in the Mapusa municipal market were gutted in a fire, causing a loss of about 1 crore. The firefighters had a tough time extinguishing the flames as it was difficult for the fire tenders to enter the market area due to limited passage, parked vehicles, and vendors sitting along the road. Later, the Mapusa merchants association requested the municipal council to install fire hydrants to meet any such eventuality. The installation of fire hydrants was completed a year ago. Ironically though, the PWD connected these hydrants to a domestic water pipeline. Officials of the fire department were not satisfied with the pressure from the pipeline and the hydrants remained dormant for more than a year.Surlikar said, a 500mm diameter water pipeline has now been connected to the hydrants and there should be sufficient water pressure.\"Earlier, it was a distributory pipeline. Now, however, we have connected the hydrants to the main division 500mm diameter pipeline, which should release water with enough pressure,\" said Surlikar. He said the water would now flow continuously in the hydrant network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11866239", "title": "Work on synthetic track yet to begin", "text": "MYSORE: District in-charge and medical education minister S A Ramdas, said the foundation stone for the synthetic track at Chamundivihar Stadium will be laid on November 1.During the state-level Dasara sports meet in October, Ramdas has promised the participants that work on the synthetic track at Chamundivihar stadium will commence from November 1. However, even after three months, the work is yet to commence.It has become a habit for the chief guests, especially ministers, to make false promises. Most of the ministers like former district in-charge minister Shobha Karandlaje, sports minister Goolihatti D Shekar and now Ramdas, during their speeches, used to assure the athletes that the synthetic track would be laid before the next state-level Dasara athletic meet.But the girls of the sports hostel are fed up with the attitude of these ministers and authorities. This is the only senior women's sports hostel in Karnataka but it lacks basic facilities for its sportspersons.On Friday, these girls came out and protested against inadequate facilities and demanded sports-kits and other basic facilities including quality food.Bharathi, assistant commissioner and Appachu Ranjan, deputy director, department of youth services, after an hour-long discussion assured the sportspersons that they would be provided with sports-kits on February 17 and another sports-kit under the zilla panchayat by the end of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "rompicherla (guntur)", "code": "11867053", "title": "Man burnt to death over loan dues in Guntur?", "text": "ROMPICHERLA (GUNTUR): Tension prevailed in Annaram village of Rompicherla mandal on Sunday after a man was torched over a dispute on repayment of loan. With all the suspects in the murder case on the run, police have set up three special teams to nab the offenders.The situation turned volatile on Sunday when the body of Nannem Peddulu, a dalit, was brought to the village from the government general hospital in Guntur where he died in the late hours of Saturday. People from his community staged a rasta roko carrying his body demanding the arrest of the culprits.It all began two days ago when Peddulu entered into a wordy duel with one Velama Ramadevi, belonging to Kamma community, over repayment of loan. He went to Ramadevi's house on Friday night and insisted that she repay Rs 20,000 loans she had taken from him. Peddulu was taken aback when the woman started screaming for help alleging that he was harassing her seeking sexual favours. Sensing trouble, Peddulu ran away from the scene and took shelter in a neighbour's house. Enraged locals beat him up ruthlessly after tying him to a tree. Angry youth poured kerosene on Peddulu and set him on fire. He was rushed to the area hospital in Narasaraopet from where he was shifted to Guntur hospital on Saturday.Police registered a case of attempt to suicide under Section 306 of IPC after Peddulu was admitted to the hospital in Narasaraopet.Locals reportedly told the cops that Peddulu set himself on fire out of fear that he would be killed by the people from upper caste. The cops were also given to understand that the incident was a fall-out of an extramarital relationship between the woman and the victim.Peddulu in his dying declaration told the magistrate that five youths set him on fire. \"We have altered the sections of the case to Section 302 of IPC after the receipt of the declaration,\" SP A Ravichandra told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11865695", "title": "Farmer communities of Raj &amp; Haryana up against Gehlot govt", "text": "JODHPUR: The farming communities of Rajasthan and Haryana appear to be gradually coming together in opposing the state's Ashok Gehlot government for allegedly targeting the families of Jat leader Parasram Maderna and Bishnoi leader late Ram Singh Bishnoi in the infamous kidnap and murder case of government nurse Bhanwari Devi.At a 'maha rally' organised under the banner of \"Kisan Kesri Sangharsh Samiti\" in Jodhpur on Sunday, the leaders of Jat and Bishnoi communities from the two states alleged that the Bhanwari case was a political conspiracy to erase the legacies of the two farmer leaders.Parasram's son, legislator Mahipal Maderna, and Ram Singh's son, legislator Malkhan Singh, are currently in jail on charges of getting the government nurse eliminated in order to keep their illicit relations with her under wraps.Addressing the farmers' rally Sunday, Hissar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi alleged that the Gehlot government conspired against the farmer leaders of Marwar. He raised a question mark on the ongoing CBI investigation, accusing the Centre government's probe agency to be a \"private agency\" of the ruling Congress party. \"It has been a custom in the Congress to use the CBI to meet its ulterior political motives,\" Kuldeep alleged.All the speakers in the 'maha rally' that was organized to protest the CBI summons against Ram Singh's widow, 85-year-old Amri Devi, and other women in the Bishnoi family, cast aspersions on the state government for its motives behind this conspiracy and the probe agency for violation of human rights. They also leveled charges of corruption against the CBI and demanded inquiry against it by an independent agency and punishment for CBI officers investigating the case.The samiti will be submitting memoranda to the President and the Prime Minister in order to draw their attentions to the issue. \"If we do not get justice from even them, then we will intensify our movement and will come out on the roads of the state and the national capital,\" the Hissar MP said. He called upon all those present at the rally to remain united over the issue. \"The Congress will be in great difficulty if you are united,\" Kuldeep told the gathering.Alongside this meeting, the CBI camp office here was brought under a security cordon to ward off any untoward incident after some excited speakers called upon the gathering to attack the CBI team and drive them out of the town. \"We deployed a Special Task Force and police officers in the wake of this meeting to thwart any mischief,\" ADCP Jyoti Swaroop Sharma. This security was later removed in the evening after the rally ground deserted and all participants dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870703", "title": "Power cuts await you on Feb 17, 18", "text": "BANGALORE: Brace for power cuts in several parts of the city next week.On February 17 (Friday), the following areas will be affected: AGBG Layout, Shettihalli Road, Lake View Defence Colony, Chikkasandra, Babanna Layout, AYR Layout, Mallasandra, Bhel Mini Colony, Muneshwara Block, Kalyan Nagar, Prashanth Nagar, MTS Colony, Bagalagunte, Hessaraghatta Main Road, Bhuvaneshwari Nagar, Maheshwari Nagar, Kempegowda Nagar, Tumkur Road, Dasarahalli, Kirloskar Layout, MS Ramaiah Layout.On February 18 (Saturday), there will be no power at Ramohalli, Beemanakoppe, Malligondanahalli, Maragandanhalli, Gollahalli, Wonder La, Kengeri Satellite Town, RR Layout, Maruthi Nagar, KHB, Sulukere, Kenchanapura, Ramasandra, Archakara Colony, Chikkabasti, Doddabasti, Chikkanahalli, parts of Mysore Road, Kaniminike Colony, BM Kaval, Nithyanada Nagar. From 10am to noon, power supply will be affected at RMV Layout, Dollars Colony, Isro, MSR Nagar, Sadashivnagar, MSR Nagar, AK Colony, Mathikere, RMV II Stage, AGS Layout, ITI Layout, Devasandra, Jaladarshini Layout, MS Ramaiah Hospital, Malleswaram, Seenappa Layout, Devi Nagar, Maruthi Nagar,Teachers Colony, Nagashetty Halli, Basaveshwara Layout, Kodigehalli, UAS Layout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866411", "title": "\u2018State intel did not predict results\u2019", "text": "State intelligence chief K L Prasad on Sunday denied that the state intelligence department (SID) had submitted a confidential report on the outcome of BMC polls.Some newspapers and channels had carried news claiming that SID had predicted a hung verdict with the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance claiming the top position and MNS becoming a kingmaker. Prasad, however, said the department did not predict the civic poll results as it was barred by the State Election Commission and the court. CM Prithviraj Chavan hinted at approaching the EC over the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11867051", "title": "Shimla's coffee house will miss Anupam Kher's father", "text": "SHIMLA: A familiar figure strolling along Shimla's Mall, greeting friends and chatting animatedly in the coffee house is being missed with the death of actor Anupam Kher's father Pushkar Nath Kher, 84.Nath's friends and local theatre artistes, who once shared stage with Kher, mourned his demise. Nath, a Kashmiri Pandit by origin, died in Mumbai after a brief illness on Friday. \"Nath will always be remembered for the excitement he had whenever Anupam's new movie was about to release,\" Shimla-based artiste Sanjay Sood said.Another theater personality Parveen Chandala said Nath had not been well for more than a month. \"He was a familiar face in Shimla. He was often seen strolling on the Mall and chatting with his friends in the coffee house. Normally, he made it a point to visit the coffee house daily, except during winters when he used to move to Mumbai,\" Chandala, who worked with Kher, said.Sood said during the start of Kher's career in Hindi films, Nath, a former employee with the state forest department, used to carry posters with him. In Kher's early releases like 'Saransh', 'Karma' and 'Arjun' in the early 1980s, Nath used to carry film posters and loved to show them to his son's friends and fans.He said during the shooting of \"Main Aisa Hi Hoon\" in Shimla in October 2004, Nath used to visit the shooting locations regularly. \"For hours, he used to give pep talk to the local artistes during the shooting by narrating about the hard work and love of his son towards theatre,\" Sood, who also performed in \" 3 Idiots \" and \"Kareeb\", added.Kher's classfellow Anil Kumar Sharma said Kher's father was always gladdened with his son's achievements. \"We will miss him on the streets of Shimla,\" he said. Kher and his younger brother Raju, also an actor, were brought up and educated in Shimla. Kher was in this town in July last year along with his parents in connection with an award ceremony of the state police.\"I still remember that it was July 27, 1974, when I left this beautiful city to join the National School of Drama to purse theatre,\" he said at the function address. Nath worked with Himachal Pradesh's forest department. \"As I landed in Goa, my brother Raju called from Mumbai to inform me the best dad in the world (our father) is no more,\" Kher tweeted on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865375", "title": "60 'tiatr' CDs recovered in Joaquim raid", "text": "MARGAO: Acting upon a complaint pertaining to distribution of cash, the flying squad of the election commission attached to the South Goa district collectorate, conducted a search of the office of the urban development minister Joaquim Alemao, in Margao on Sunday afternoon, but could not find anything incriminating, official sources informed. However, upon extending its search to a car parked in the vicinity of the office, upon the receipt of another complaint, the raiding team found around 60 CDs inside the vehicle.Speaking to TOI, Salcete SDM, Dasharath Redkar informed that the CDs have been seized and investigations were underway. \"We are not certain about the contents of the CDs. They appear like CDs of some tiatrs going by their labels, but unless they are viewed and checked, we can't be sure of that. We are inquiring into the case,\" Redkar said. He however added that the identity of the car owner was yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867722", "title": "Barla to depose before GTA committee today", "text": "KOLKATA: John Barla, an Adivasi leader who was expelled from Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parshad (ABAVP) for being in favour of the formation of Gorkha Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA), will appear to depose before Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen on Monday. Justice Sen heads the high-power committee that has been set up to determine the areas that can be added to the GTA. The committee has asked Roshan Giri and other political parties to appear before it on February 24.The committee was given six month's additional time in January 2012 and is likely to visit the Hills in March to discuss about the jurisdiction of GTA and how new areas with Nepali majority can be included in it.On Saturday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had criticized the Centre for its inordinate delay in implementing the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Bill which is yet to receive the President's assent.According to the tripartite agreement signed between the Centre, state government and GJM in July last year, it gave special powers toGTA, which will replace Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC), will be given special powers. There is also a provision for granting added area to the GTA and for that a high power committee has already been formed. It is headed by Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen.However, GJM leaders are not in favour of holding election in the original jurisdiction of DGHC, till they get additional areas. GJM secretary Roshan Giri said that they will not go for polls till the additional 398 mouzas of Siliguri, Terai and Dooars are included in GTA. Giri, appearing before Justice Sen on January 27, said: \"We want 199 mouzas in Terai, 196 in Dooars and three mouzas from Rajgunj area adjoining Siliguri.\"But Birsa Tirkey, state secretary of ABAVP Adivasi Vikash Parshad (AVP), is not in favour of inclusion of Terrai and Dooars in GTA and he conveyed it to Justice Sen last week. Even Jalpaiguri CPM leader Zia Ul Alam stated to Justice Sen that though there is Gorkha population in Jalpaiguri, they are in disjointed pockets. \"They are separated by reserve forests.\"With GTA entangled in controversies and the GJM threatening to launch a fresh stir from March end, the CM is now trying hard to hasten the process and make GTA functional by March. She is likely to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh after February 20.John Barla, an Adivasi leader who was expelled from AVP for being in favour of formation of Gorkha Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA), will appear to depose before Justice Sen on Monday.The Gorkha Terrirtorial Administration (GTA) Bill is yet to get the President's assent of the President Pratibha Patil and for thisIt is this inordinate delay that led Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee to criticize the Centre at a while meeting with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leaders on Saturday.The state assembly had passed the bill in September 2011. But due to souring Centre-state relationship, the Bill is yet to get Pratibha Patil's assent. Officials said that the bill needs clearance from 18 central ministries as land will be transferred to GTA from the ministries. But the Centre is seeking clarifications from the state government now and for thatThus, the GTA accord has been delayed. functioning of the GTA is delayed.For this delay, GJM leaders have threatened to start fresh stir, are planning their agitation from March end, if the GTA is not formed within March 27.Until GTA starts operating, it cannot get funds for development. Backed by this political compulsion, GJM wants to make it functional early.So, the CM is now trying hard to hasten the process and make GTA functional by March. She is likely to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh after February 20.Mamata has promised the GJM leaders that she will visit the Hills on February 28.According to the tripartite agreement signed between the Centre, state government and GJM in July last year, it gave special powers toGTA, which will replace Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC), will be given special powers. There is also a provision for granting added area to the GTA and for that a high power committee has already been formed. It is headed by Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen. The committee was given six month's additional time in January 2012 and is likely to visit the Hills in March to discuss about the jurisdiction of GTA and how new areas with Nepali majority can be included in it.However, GJM leaders are not in favour of holding election in the original jurisdiction of DGHC, till they get additional areas. GJM secretary Roshan Giri said that they will not go for polls till the additional 398 mouzas of Siliguri, Terai and Dooars are included in GTA.Giri, appearing before Justice Sen on January 27, said: \"We want 199 mouzas in Terai, 196 in Dooars and three mouzas from Rajgunj area adjoining Siliguri.\"But Birsa Tirkey, state secretary of Adivasi Vikash Parshad (AVP), is not in favour of inclusion of Terrai and Dooars in GTA and he conveyed it to Justice Sen last week.Even Jalpaiguri CPM leader Zia Ul Alam stated to Justice Sen that though there is Gorkha population in Jalpaiguri, they are in disjointed pockets. \"They are separated by reserve forests.\"John Barla, an Adivasi leader who was expelled from AVP for being in favour of formation of Gorkha Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA), will appear to depose before Justice Sen on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865396", "title": "Now, Victoria says she won't contest elections from Taleigao", "text": "PANAJI: Outgoing Santa Cruz MLA Victoria 'Mummy' Fernandes has clarified that she will not be contesting the forthcoming assembly elections from the Taleigao constituency.Addressing mediapersons at her St Cruz residence, Fernandes said \"I do not wish to contest from Taleigao.\" She added, \"why should I go to another constituency?\"Fernandes, a Congress legislator, said she would be filing her nomination from St Cruz constituency tomorrow. She disclosed that her son Rudolf would be the main candidate and added that hers would be a dummy nomination. Victoria's daughter-in-law Maria is also expected to file her nomination from the constituency as another dummy candidate.Explaining the rationale behind the dummy nominations, Victoria said \"(We) don't want to take the risk of being disqualified on technical grounds.\"She said several parties including the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) had contacted her asking her to contest the St Cruz seat under their banner. Even the BJP had sent her feelers, she added.\"My workers and supporters made the decision for Rudolf to contest,\" she said. With St Cruz likely to witness a keen contest as two other candidates are expected to pour huge amounts of cash and goodies, Fernandes was asked how her son would counter this.\"Everyone (voters) is not after money. Last time Babush's wife contested the seat and he spent 15 cr but still she did not win. I salute the people (for this),\" Fernandes said.Fernandes also said she may campaign for contestants from other constituencies. \"I will campaign for certain friends,\" she said but refused to divulge any names.Fernandes also revealed that she would personally be going to hand over her resignation to the assembly speaker on February 13.Prakash Naik, ex-sarpanch of Merces said \"If the Congress can hurt our mother... our mummy, they will be taught their lesson at the polls.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "11865774", "title": "A son's surprise for parents", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Damanpreet Singh of Model Town Extension on Sunday planned a special day for his parents Mohinder Singh and Harbir Kaur, who celebrated their wedding anniversary. A student interior designing at INIFD, Damanpreet arranged a 'path' for his parents in the morning and had also planned a surprise party for the night.\"I am my parents only son so I wanted to do everything I can to make them feel special and to express my love for them. I organized the 'path' so that they can get the Almighty's blessings,'' he said.For the evening surprise, Damanpreet said his friends Madhur, Arshdeep, Sukhjit Singh, Deepak and Barinder Singh helped him a lot. \"We invited all my relatives and friends for the night and got my parents to cut a cake and exchange rings. We also showered them with many gifts,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866827", "title": "City shuttlers die in accident at Balewadi", "text": "PUNE: Two national-level badminton players from the city were killed after their speeding car veered off the road and hit a tree near the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex at Balewadi around midnight on Sunday. Another player, who was also in the car, was badly injured. All three were residents of Kothrud.Siddhant Ghorpade (21), who was driving, and Saurabh Paralikar (24), died on the spot, while Devavrat Bhalerao (20) suffered multiple fractures on his left hand and left leg. A common friend of the trio said they had taken dinner at a restaurant at Kothrud and were going on a long drive to Lonavla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866292", "title": "Cakes and prayers for Bruno's 'first' birthday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With 29 days in February, this year is going to be a special one for Mohali-based Sharma family, as they celebrate the fourth birthday of their German shepherd Bruno on the last day this month.\"We had brought Bruno home on March 15, 2008. We picked him because of his unique birth date and he brought luck to us. This pampered child is the seventh family member,\" says Tilak Raj Sharma, 61, Bruno's proud owner.\"Though we have celebrated his three birthdays on February 28 in past years, the actual charm of his big day was always missing. This time around his birthday celebration would be grand,\" added Sharma, a resident of phase 3-B-II in Mohali.Sharma, who retired from PGIMER over a year ago, said Bruno is his best companion and his loyalty amazes him. \"He acts as my alarm clock in the morning. No outsider can ever dare to touch the main gate when we are not at home. If on one side he is ferocious to outsiders, then at the same time he is the most adorable creature for my three-year-old grandson,\" said Sharma.Sharma's elder son Amit, 33, said, \"We will take him near a temple and pray for his long and healthy life. A sugar-free cake would be ordered, as Bruno doesn't like sweet dishes. We will also serve him his favourite chicken-masala with rice.\"The family would also do some charity in Bruno's name by distributing sweets and fruits to slum kids and feeding breads to stray dogs on his birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872550", "title": "Scholarships in Ireland", "text": "The Government of Ireland and the Irish Universities Association have announced a scholarship scheme offering Indian students a chance to pursue their studies in Ireland with 10,000 awarded for living expenses and full tuition fee waiver.Students can apply for this scholarship once they have an offer from an Irish University for a full time taught postgraduate Masters programme.Ireland is reaching out to international students and wants to increase international students studying in Ireland from outside the EU to 25,500 by 2015. It is recognised that India will play a crucial role in this and in addition to the fully funded scholarships many of the universities are offering attractive scholarships to aid Indian students pursuing a study abroad experience in Ireland.The Irish Universities are committed to strengthening institutional relationships with priority partner-countries such as India to include greater collaboration in mobility, research and teaching and there is recognition that India will play a crucial role in attaining this objective.(www.iua.ie)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11867694", "title": "Three skeletons found in Jhargram", "text": "JHARGRAM: Three skeletons - believed to be of three CPM men, including a panchayat pradhan who had gone missing in 2010 - were unearthed at a jungle in Sonamukhi on Sunday.The skeletons, reportedly of former Aguiboni gram panchayat 13 pradhan Bankim Mahato and two others - Khagen Mahato and Akul Mahato, . All the three were residents of Boro Didiha village.The were exhumed in presence of Jhargram additional SDO Bharati Ghosh and excutive magistrate Indradeb Bhattachartya. On Sunday, some of the villagers had gone to the field when they noticed two spots where the soil caved in. The matter was immediately informed to the police and the skeletons were exhumed subsequently.In October 10, 2010, Maoist leader Jayanta held meeting that was attended by villagers of Boro Didiya. Locals on Sunday recollected that the three had also gone to attend the meeting. However, they were picked up by the Maoists following the meeting. When the villagers said they will also go with them, the Maoists promised the trio will be released soon.After 10 days, Jayanta convened yet another meeting at the same venue. When family members of those three abducted inquired about their whereabouts, Jayanta reportedly told them the trio was lodged at the Maoist jail and threatened nobody to enter the jungle.Officials on Sunday said DNA tests will be conducted to confirm if the skeletons are those of the three mission persons as claimed. Khagen Mahato's mother Kusum said one of the skeletons was that of her son as she could identify her son's ring that was found at the spot.Jhargram CPM zonal commitee secretary Rabi Sarkar said that three skeletons have been found and that they will check whether the three were that of Bankim, Khagen and Akul's. In another incident, Sahadeb Hasda, a maoist was arrested from Bankura's Simlapal area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865486", "title": "Tagores and journey of Indian art", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Understanding the arrival of modern art in India, is unraveling a country in flux. An India, where though the Western values were being adopted and at the same time there was also an urgency to etch a national identity. Embracing a heritage, while breaking away from traditional dogma; combined with a spirit of nationalism - as India fought for its freedom, the ethos of modern art in India is about revolution.This is the background of Ratan Parimoo's book tilted 'Art of Three Tagores - From Revival to Modernity'. Through the story of the Tagores, an important family in the history of modern India, Parimoo - an author, a painter, art historian and critic - implies the journey of modern art.The protagonists of this book are Rabindranath Tagore and his nephews Gaganendranath and Abanindranath. However the book is not only a study on Tagores, but also Parimoo's reflection on the psyche of modern art movement in the country.By profiling the works of the three Tagores, who were \"at the fountainhead of the movement\", Parimoo centres the book on some critical discussions like - the break in tradition and a rise of individualism, Western impact on Indian art, the birth of need for scholarly appraisal, a misunderstood 'revivalism' and so on. Thus, the book traces out trajectories to E B Havell, Sister Nivedita, Kakuzo Okakura, Nandalal Bose, B K Sarkar, Aurobindho Ghosh, Rajendra Mitra, A K Coomaraswamy - personalities who played prominent roles in that era.Parimoo charts a biography of influences on the Tagores with around 800 images of not only their works, but also many contemporaries who are relevant to understand their work, many of these works being published for the first time.The book is filled with micro narratives like: Why Rabridranath resorted to painting in the later years of his life, details of Gagendranath's experiments with cubism, a juxtapositioning of Millet or Turner, pointing out the influences for the ephemeral quality of Abinadranath's works. The one word which would describe the book would be exhaustive or encyclopaedic.Published by Kumar Gallery and Virendra Kumar Jain, the book has been in incubation since 1973. The book is a commentary born out of contemporary discussion and interpretation of Indian Art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866730", "title": "Baby found abandoned", "text": "INDORE: An infant was found abandoned on a stranded hand-cart in front of Malharganj police here on Sunday. Quoting eye-witnesses, police said at around 8.30 in the morning, few people heard the scream of the baby who was lying abandoned on the hand-cart. When they reached the spot, they found the baby covered in a blanket. By the clothes, it appeared that the baby belonged to a well-to-do family.A few people witnessed a lady leaving the baby there but unaware of the seriousness of the issue, they did not stop her. They realized that she was there to abandon the baby only after they heard baby's scream. They even tried to search her but in vain. Then they took the baby to Malharganj police station from where she was later taken to MY Hospital. The baby was shifted to ICU after check-up. Police are in the lookout for the woman and further investigations are on.A mother left her newly born baby at a stranded hand-cart in front of Malhargang police here on Sunday. Quoting eye-witnesses, police said that the baby was found lying on a hand-cart. According to the eye-witnesses, there was nothing at the cart until 8 am in the morning but at around 8.30, few people heard the screaming of a baby. When, they reached to the cart, they noticed a newly-born baby covered in a blanket. With the cloths, people guessed that the baby belongs to good family.Police said that local people have noticed a woman who left the baby at the cart. However, they couldn't understand the seriousness of the issue, so did not stop her. However, when they heard the screaming, they reached to the baby and started searching the lady who had left her, here at the cart.As they were unable to find the lady, they took the baby to Malharganj police. Subsequently, the police called for an ambulance and admitted the baby in MY Hospital.After undergoing a thorough check-up on the baby, they shifted it to ICU, keeping in view her health problem. Police are in the lookout for the woman and further investigations are still on into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867219", "title": "'Unrealistic RTE Act has failed to reach grassroots'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Much more needs to be done to bring in awareness among the public on the Right to Education Act (RTE), academicians, civil society representatives and students emphasized at a workshop conducted in the Old City on Sunday.Speaking on the occasion, chief guest Abdul Qaiyum, director of Civil Services Examinations Academy, Manuu, however, said that there was need to bring in changes in the Act. \"The RTE Act has to be more practical. There is no clarity on how religious schools like madarssas should implement the Act. Most importantly, it does not talk about where the resources would come from to implement it.\"He added that due to the Act's unrealistic approach, minorities and private institutions are unhappy. Even though it has been more than two years since the law was introduced, it has failed to reach the grassroots levels of society yet, Qaiyum pointed out. \"Regulatory bodies like the education department have failed to implement the Act and take the message to the grassroots. Private institutions are powerful and influential and do not allow these officers to implement the law.\"The workshop, \"RTE and its applications in neighbourhood,\" was conducted by Cova and Pucaar in Moghalpura. Another speaker, Y Rajendra Prasad, state representative, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, said, \"There should be a proper grievance redressal mechanism related to this Act where citizens can lodge their complaints. It is also necessary that authorities take stringent action against those not toeing the line.\" On a positive note, he felt that the RTE did help in increasing the number of teachers in government schools. The workshop ended with an interactive session between the guests and participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11864836", "title": "Fire claims 5 kids, mother critical", "text": "THANE: Five children of a family died as their house caught fire in Govind Nagar's Bhiwandi area late on Saturday night.Police suspect a short-circuit led to the fire which killed Priya Gupta (13), Riya (10), Nitin (8), Prity (5) and Nitesh (five months). Their mother Somkali is in hospital with 85% burn injuries. The victims' father Mohanlal Gupta was away at the time of the incident.Police said the family was watching television inside their shanty after dinner on Saturday night, at around 9pm. Soon, four of the children went to sleep while Somkali and her eldest daughter Priya stayed awake to watch television. The duo also dozed off after a while, without switching off the TV.Police said around 10.30pm Somkali ran out to seek help, but her kids were trapped inside. A neighbour, Sashikala Tiwari, said: When I saw Somkali run outside the house in burnt clothes, I covered her with a saree and called others for help.\"The fire brigade was called but neighbours managed to control the fire and bring out the victims. Police said Priya and Nitin died on the spot of burns, others were rushed to the Indira Gandhi Hospital. They were later shifted to Thane civil hospital where they succumbed to their injuries. Somkali, who is still fighting for life, told police she was sleeping on the floor with her daughter without turning off the TV and woke up to find the house on fire. Police suspect the fire was caused by a short circuit and spread after the sparks came in contact with a kerosene bottle near the plug point. \"We have registered an accidental death report and a probe is on,\" said Subhash Divekar, senior police inspector, Shanti Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871756", "title": "Sequels and remakes a safe proposition: Mahesh Bhatt", "text": "With it is raining sequels and remakes in Bollywood , including the Bhatt camp which is working on Jism 2 ,Raaz3, Murder3, Mahesh Bhatt has plans to initiate another one, Aashiqui 2.\"It is not a remake of the original film but it would have a different narrative all together and would be written by Shagufta Rafique. We would hunt for new faces for the film as was done for the earlier film but it certainly would not be a remake,\" he says.He went on to say that \"there is nothing wrong with sequels or remakes as it is the brand which is ruling everywhere. People are attracted more towards brands so the same applies to Bollywood which is cashing on it. Franchisee of the brand is a safe play for any film maker as it assures of a good first week..The sucess of the original certainly motivates the audience to see the remake or the sequel ,\" says Bhatt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870325", "title": "Heroes with humour", "text": "The heroes with humourUNDERGROUND (1995)DIRECTOR Emir KusturicaSTARRING Miki Manojlovic, Lazar Ristovski, Mirjana JokovicTIME 167 minutes There is no war until a brother kills a brother. This devastating insight comes to us at the end of a sprawling, ambitious, manic movie that works as fable, farce, anti-war satire and wrenching tragedy leavened by moments of laugh-out-loud black humour. Underground spans from 1941 - when both Germans and the Allies bombed Yugoslavia - to 1992 when the country is breaking apart. Two friends join the resistance against the Nazis in Belgrade . Marko, a resourceful schemer played by Manojlovic, convinces Blacky, a rough electrician played by Ristovski, that the war continues and that he must stay in an underground cellar below Marko's house and make firearms. Marko dupes entire families for decades. When they finally emerge, Marko's brother asks someone the way to Yugoslavia and is told that there is no Yugoslavia anymore.But this summary barely skims the surface of Kusturica's incredible movie. There are images here that are indelible, including those of animals roaming freely after bombs destroy the zoo. So a swan picks at a tiger's face. For a brief moment, they seem friends and then he decides to make a meal of the bird. Underground has a delirious feel to it. There is a raucous, feverish energy here. The film is a poignant parable for all people and all nations. Which is why the end title reads: 'This story has no end.' History is proof that it doesn't.RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK (1981)DIRECTOR Steven SpielbergSTARRING Harrison Ford, Karen Allen , Paul FreemanTIME 115 minutes Indiana Jones, an adventurer-archaeologist armed with a whip and a hat, is one of my favourite movie characters. Here's a man so attractive that when he teaches archaeology class at the university, a besotted student in the first row, blinks at him slowly because she has Love You written on her eyelids. Indy is a hero with soft spots - he hates snakes and gets bruised and battered. But he never gives up and he never runs out of cool lines. So when he is asked, in the middle of furious life-anddeath action, what should be done next, Indy famously replies: I don't know. I'm making this up as I go.Harrison Ford brought an earthy sexiness and wry humour to Indiana Jones. Which is why the original choice of Tom Selleck seems unimaginable. And Spielberg along with writer-producer George Lucas created an adventure so exhilarating that three more movies, a television serial, books, comics and video games were spun off it. But nothing matched the genius of the first film, which had action, romance, mystery and just the right dose of crawlies - inCHUPKE CHUPKE (1975)DIRECTOR Hrishikesh MukherjeeSTARRING Dharmendra, Sharmila Tagore , Amitabh Bachchan Jaya BadhuriTIME 127 minutesChupke Chupke is a delightful comedy about a man pretending to be a driver and fooling his wife's brother-in-law to prove that the 'genius jijaji' is in fact no genius at all. So Dr Parimal Tripathi, a botany professor played by Dharmendra, becomes the eccentric chauffer Pyaremohan, who insists on speaking in pristine Hindi - he refers to himself as a 'vahan chalak.' To complicate matters, Parimal's friend Sukumar, played by Amitabh Bachchan, then pretends to be Parimal. Confusion and hilarity ensues before the jijai, played by Om Prakash , concedes defeat.Hrishikesh Mukherjee's cinema brims with wit, charm and an inherent decency. Chupke Chupke is no exception. There is a real sense of fun here, much of it provided by Dharmendra who is top form. His comic timing doesn't falter, whether he's driving jijaji crazy by asking why English is such a strange language or surreptitiously holding his wife's hand in front of the whole family. Chupke Chupke is an artifact from a kinder, gentler time when humour in Hindi cinema wasn't crass or mindless. It has an effortless sweetness that lingers long after the film is over. Savour it.SPIRITED AWAY (2001)DIRECTOR Hayao MiyazakiVOICED BY Daveigh Chase, Suzanne Pleshette , Jason MarsdenTIME 125 minutes First, erase the notion that animated films are only for children. Miyazaki is, according to Pixar's John Lasseter , 'the world's greatest living animator' and Spirited Away is one of his finest films. It broke box office records in Japan and won an Oscar for best animated feature in 2003. But Miyazaki, a master of hand-drawn animation, isn't the Japanese version of Disney. Spirited Away, about a sullen 10-year-old girl Chihiro, who finds herself trapped in a bathhouse for spirits, is far removed from Hollywood's sanitised animation. The creatures here are unique, bewildering and therefore, mesmerising.These include Yubaba, a powerful witch with a gigantic nose who runs the bathouse and loves only her infant son - who for reasons unexplained is also gigantic. There's also No Face, a spirit who can create gold and swallow people whole. Not to mention, Yubaba's bodyguards - three bouncing heads without bodies. Miyazaki's universe eschews simplistic black and white. Characters shift and change and even those that seem scary have a softer side. Spirited Away is also stunningly beautiful. Every frame brims with colour and detail. This is a world so rich with wonder and imagination that it makes reality anaemic. It is one joyride that shouldn't be missed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865469", "title": "Carnival organizers, TTAG press govt for EC clearance", "text": "PANAJI: Carnival organizers in the capital city and the travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) are pressing the state government to pressurize the election commission (EC) for clearance to celebrate the festival this year.Panjim Carnival Committee president Francisco Martins said that infrastructure for the carnival parade was ready, and many groups had already commenced building their floats for the competition.\"We are there to help the government organize the festival. The people should not be deprived of a carnival,\" said Martins.The committee's vice chairman, Tony Dias, said that 75% of the floats were ready for the parade. \"We have been receiving lots of phone calls from people who want to participate in the float parade. We have applied for all permissions concerned, while permissions from the Corporation of the City of Panaji have been granted,\" Dias said.TTAG's executive member Ernest Dias told TOI that foreign tour operators had also received the news of the uncertainty over the carnival parade and had expressed concern. \"Foreign tour operators have been calling and inquiring. Their clients have been looking forward to the carnival. What happens to them now?\" he said.Francisco Noronha, president, Goa Cultural Social Centre, added, \"Even if the election commission says no, the carnival must go on. It is the people's festival.\"TTAG president Gaurish Dhond on Friday had told TOI that the tourism industry would suffer a major blow in business if the election commission does not permit the government to hold the carnival festival. He said that Indian tourists had already planned a holiday in Goa during the carnival festival and had booked hotel rooms for their stay. Dhond added that the TTAG was also ready to step in and help in organizing the festivities.TOI had reported last week that uncertainty looms oAver government-sponsored carnival celebrations this year, since election officials had indicated that the EC may not grant permission for the festivities. The tourism department, which funds the festivities, also issued a press release stating that 'the celebration of Carnival 2012 will take place subject to receipt of NOC from Election Commission of India'.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11866507", "title": "Valentine's Day: Say it with a red carnation", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Ahead of Valentine's Day, this hill district has shipped over a million cut flowers including carnations and gerbera, across the globe. The rose is conspicuously missing from this mass export, as the flower is not cultivated in the area. Being an integral part of Valentine's Day, roses are shipped in bulk to Ooty from Bangalore and Hosur.K Shridhar, president, Nilgiri Flower Growers' Association, said, \"The demand for cut flowers in February is always high. As cut roses are not grown in the hill district, red carnations are in great demand. There is a 100% hike in price for cut flowers this season\".There are about 1,000 floriculture units in the district. However, only 60% of them go ahead with cultivation as the smaller units are reeling under a financial crisis. This season, a farmer can get up to Rs9 for each red carnation. Over 10 lakh cut flowers have been sent from the district for export in the past couple of weeks, says Shridhar, who also markets cut flowers in Chennai, Coimbatore, Bangalore and Cochin.\"In anticipation of high demand, we have purchased five times more red roses from Bangalore,\" said S Sunder, a cut-flower vendor in Ooty. He has several online orders to deliver, apart from direct retail sales. A red rose can fetch anywhere between Rs20 and Rs22, while the price of a carnation hovers around Rs18. This is a 100% hike in price when compared to the rest of the year. Next to the rose, red carnation is in high demand. A bouquet of 20 roses is sold for Rs500 in addition to delivery charges.The cut flowers in the district are mainly procured by flower agents in Bangalore through local agents and then exported mainly to Egypt , Germany and the United States .According to horticulture officials, the heavy snowfall in the US and Europe has resulted in a higher demand for flowers ahead of Valentine's Day. The sprawling and scenic \"Centenary Rose Park\" in Ooty spread across 4 acres has more than 30,000 rose plants of about 3,600 varieties to its credit. However, all the plants have been pruned for the bloom in summer. The rose park does not indulge in commercial activities.Ooty is considered a romantic getaway for newly married couples. Its scenic beauty and pleasant weather make it ideal for young lovers. \"We've been married for a month and decided to spend Valentine's Day in Ooty, away from the hustle and bustle of the city,\" said K Krishnanad and R Anmika, a newly-married couple from Hyderabad.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867619", "title": "Mamata remembers Subhash Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday provided some rare glimpses of her long association with poet Subhash Mukherjee.While speaking on the occasion, she however, took on her critics questioning her passion for celebrating birthdays and death anniversaries. \"They will critise. When they were in power, they'd derided - even ostracized - everyone. I will not follow them. This will not stop me,\" Mamata said, at a function at the poet's home near Sarat Bose Road post office in south Kolkata.In a speech, often punctuated by recollections of her association with the poet who'd often said \"this ordinary girl will go a long way in politics and the girl has sincerity and a dream and is destined to rise,\" Subhash Mukherjee didn't life to see the day when his prophecy made in late 90s turned true. Mamata said, \"In the aftermath of July 21 massacre when 13 people were killed and 100 others injured, everybody condemned it. Everyone had turned away from us. In him I'd found a support. He came forward to head a committee where he clamored for support to hand over the victim's kin Rest 1.65 laky in a demand draft.\"Mamata didn't let go of the irony mentioning why Mukherjee, an ardent Leftist, who left it in the eighties didn't have any leader around him in the last days of his life. \"The day he died, I remember I was told by Boudi (the poet's wife Gita) that they'd been to their home. They were trying to make it a political issue,\" she said. Mamata recollected the incident when she'd bought two airconditioners - one for her ailing mother; the other for the poet - when they were ailing or even his impromptu birthday celebrations when she stepped in his home - unannounced with a birthday cake , sweets and a kurta. \"He was among the few people who'd always been behind me. Today almost all of them have left,\" she said. Mamata said the state government will now celebrate the poet's Birthday celebrations and will even bring about a publication of the poets works.Her fondest memories, however, were of a day when both the poet and his wife Gita were admitted in SSKM's Woodburn ward. \"He loved Boudi very much. That day he told me to pass on a message to her. I saw that it was written that he loved her. When I showed it to Boudi, she told me he's gone mad. That day I realized, it would be a crime to keep them apart - even in a hospital. I told the doctors so. He was my guardian,\" she said. \"So when people critise me, I tell them to first know who these people were? What had we done for them?,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11865177", "title": "Railways needs Rs 14L cr to modernize its network", "text": "PATNA: The railways has prepared a blueprint of modernization of its network, including automation of signalling system, strengthening of track and procurement of modern rolling stock (coaches). It is looking up to the Planning Commission for the approval of the modernization plan, said a railway ministry official.According to a Railway Board official, the railways would need about Rs 14 lakh crore for modernization of the railway network, which would be utilized during the next 10 years in the railways. The official said that railway minister Dinesh Trivedi is taking keen interest in the proposed modernization plan of the railways. \"Signalling system is archaic and rolling stock is completely worn out. The railways must embark on a new generation competing with the pace of development taking place in the European countries,\" he said.The official admitted that the old signalling system is a major bottleneck in the way of modernization. \"There is human intervention at every stage, particularly at the railway crossing gates. The railways needs to minimize human intervention with complete automation of the signalling system,\" he said and added there has been no major train mishap in Japan during the past 47 years due to advanced technology and automation of the signalling system.Modernization in the railways was initiated first by former railway minister Nitish Kumar in 2001 during his tenure. He was instrumental in creating a special fund related to safety and maintenance of bridges and rolling stock in the railways. After a lapse of one decade, the railways is once again feeling the need to carry out modernization plan.According to sources, the cash-strapped railways needs a national policy to decide its action plan related to modernization, safety, security to passengers on running trains and amenities. Modernization of the railway network will also increase the GDP growth in the country as the railways is the only easy mode of communication for people in the country, sources said.According to an East Central Railway (ECR) official, the railways urgently needs introduction of train protection warning system (TPWS) to check mishaps on tracks. Besides, rolling stock (coaches) is old and needs replacement in Bihar. Conventional coaches are still being used in the ECR to ferry passengers in the state, he said, adding tracks and signalling system must be replaced on priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11867146", "title": "Liquor case: Mantris turn to prayers to face scandal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two ministers facing charges of receiving kickbacks in the liquor syndicates scandal have spared no efforts to steer clear of the controversy. While excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana knocked the Lord's door, horticulture minister Ram Reddy Venkat Reddy stoutly denied having any links with the liquor mafia.After making rounds to offices of various TV channels to deny the charges made by liquor syndicate kingpin Nunna Venkata Ramana who alleged that he had paid Rs 10 lakh to him, Mopidevi on Sunday worshipped Lord Suryanarayana Swami at Arsavilli in Srikakulam district.Mopidevi wasn't alone as he was accompanied by members of his family and close relatives. Amidst Vedic chants, he performed special pujas at the temple.Though he refused to field questions on the liquor syndicates, sources said the sole purpose of Mopidevi's visit to the historic temple was to stave off the bad omen chasing him in the form of kickbacks. \"Though Mopidevi was smiling, his demeanour betrayed his discomfort. He is clearly rattled by the liquor scam,\" insiders in the minister's camp said.Meanwhile, Venkat Reddy put up a brave front denying any links with Ramana. He said his family members were never involved in the liquor business.Speaking to newsmen in Khammam, the minister said he would not like to comment on minister D L Ravindra Reddy's charge that the CM had saved him from being named in the ACB remand report but included Mopidevi's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870519", "title": "California gay marriage ban ruled unconstitutional", "text": "A large crowd of Indian Americans gathered in San Francisco, Calif., on the evening of Feb. 7 to celebrate a court ruling earlier in the day that declared a gay marriage ban in the state unconstitutional.On a 2 to 1 vote, the US Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled that Proposition 8 , passed by voters in 2008, violated the civil liberties of same-sex couples.\"Prop. 8 serves no purpose and has no effect other than to lessen the status and human dignity of gays and lesbians in California and to officially reclassify their relationships and families as inferior to those of opposite-sex couples. The Constitution simply does not allow for laws of this sort,\" said the court in its ruling.The ruling does not mean same-sex couples can immediately marry in California, Harsha Mallojosyulla, advocacy director of Trikone, told India-West. He noted that a stay on the Feb. 7 ruling would be in effect until the Supreme Court decides whether to take on the case.Mallojosyulla, who is single, said he likes having the option to marry. His father is supportive of his decision - \"he wants me to be in a relationship and worries about me being alone,\" said Mallojosyulla - and even took to the streets in 2008 to hand out flyers opposing Prop. 8.\"He knows this will have a big impact on my life,\" said Mallojosyulla.\"Trikone commends the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals' decision in support of marriage equality. Today's decision is a step in the right direction towards marriage equality,\" said the organization in a press release.Seven U.S. states allow same-sex couples to legally marry. They include Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Vermont and Washington, D.C.Guru Swamy, who recently moved to Berkeley, Calif., with his husband Ed McDonough, and their two children Queendaysha, 10, and Gabriel, 12, told India-West that the Appeals Court ruling was \"wonderful for our family.\"Swamy and McDonough got married in Provincetown, Mass., last summer, before moving to California. No changes in the ruling have been made against couples who were married in another state, so it is unclear whether their marriage will be recognized in California during the stay of order on the ruling.The couple adopted their two children when Queendaysha was five and Gabriel was six. Massachusetts allows both people in a same-sex relationship to adopt a child and goes a step further by adding both names to the birth certificate.Swamy said he hopes the Supreme Court will take on the case, so that same-sex marriage becomes legal throughout the nation.-- Sunita SohrabjiCourtesy: India-West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "the confederation of indian industry (cii) will organize a one-day workshop on the topic 'problem solving through creativity and innovation' on february 29 at hotel fidalgo, panaji. the workshop aims at inculcating a creative problem-solving approach in managers and executives and provides participants with skills to be able to solve the problems that teams and organizations face. for details and registration, contact john fernandes (ph", "code": "11865584", "title": "Workshop on problem solving", "text": "The confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will organize a one-day workshop on the topic 'Problem solving through creativity and innovation' on February 29 at Hotel Fidalgo, Panaji. The workshop aims at inculcating a creative problem-solving approach in managers and executives and provides participants with skills to be able to solve the problems that teams and organizations face. For details and registration, contact John Fernandes (Ph: 9822982979).Training on potter's wheel: Sunaparanta - Goa centre for the arts, Altinho-Panaji will present 'Training on the potter's wheel' with ceramic artist Mayank Jain. The workshop is open to all those who are enrolling for the first time, as well as those who have prior experience on the potter's wheel. Training will be conducted in batches on February 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 24, 25, 27, 28 and 29, from 3pm to 5pm. For details call on 2421311.Permaculture workshop at Art Escape: Art Escape, Benaulim, will organize a permaculture workshop from 10am to 5.30pm on February 18 and 19. Permaculture is 'consciously designed landscapes which mimic the patterns and relationship found in nature, while yielding an abundance of food, fiber and energy for provision of local needs', states a press note. For details and registration contact Vinesh (Ph: 9323590051) or Darryl (Ph: 9881568756).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11866084", "title": "Acharya was asked to quit after PIL: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Sadananda Gowda said senior counsel BV Acharya was asked to relinquish one of the two posts he was holding - advocate general of Karnataka and special prosecutor in the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa - after a PIL was filed in the Karnataka high court questioning his propriety to hold both posts.Gowda said prior to Acharya's appointment (August 6, 2011), courts were passing strictures against the government almost on a daily basis. But after Acharya took over, not a single stricture was passed. The CM felt this reflected on the senior counsel's abilities as also the manner in which the government conducted itself. Gowda admitted that the porngate scandal was a setback to his efforts for transparency in governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866620", "title": "Dassault, RIL ink defence pact", "text": "MUMBAI: Reliance Industries and France's Dassault Aviation have signed a pact for partnering in the defence and homeland security sector in Asia's third-largest economy, a spokesman for Reliance said on Sunday.The accord comes less than two weeks after Dassault's Rafale warplanes emerged as the preferred bidder in a $15 billion contest to supply India with 126 fighter jets. India is the world's largest arms importer with plans to spend $100 billion on weapons over the next decade.Reliance Industries, India's most-valuable company, did not give any further detail on the tie-up with the French company. Reliance Industries has been looking to diversify as growth in its core oil and gas business slows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870357", "title": "Happy studying", "text": "BANGALORE: Come exam season and what often slides way down a student's priority list is a nutritious diet. Long study hours, peer pressure and edginess could get the student into a feasting frenzy or kill appetite altogether. But it's best to eat smart to face the test squarely: balanced and wholesome nourishment is the best study aid.\"The child's diet should include cereals, greens, fruit, milk and milk products, protein-rich food and sufficient amount of water. Start the day with a good breakfast, followed by a cup of milk. Include the white of an egg, sprouts, cottage cheese and brown bread,\" says Hema Narayan, chief dietitian, MS Ramaiah Memorial Hospital.Experts say meals should be distributed over time, and the ideal base for lunch is a proteinrich diet. \"Carbohydrates release immediate glucose and make students feel lethargic. The meal pattern should be changed from three to six a day. It keeps a student alert and stress-free. Small and frequent meals are advisable as they release small amounts of sugar,\" said Farhana Afroz, chief dietitian, HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited.An ideal meal would include plenty of fish, milk, sprouts and non-oily food. \"Fish can be included in abundance as it is rich in DHA and Omega-3 fatty acid. These two compounds boost brain activity,\" said Farhana.Those who eat in front of the television or textbooks, beware. \"Concentration should be on the food, or it might lead to indigestion and overeating. Always take a study break and eat in a calm place,\" says Hema. Water forms another important aspect -- it keeps a person calm and helps the oxygen flow to the brain.Even slight dehydration means a huge drop in performance. \"A minimum of 8-10 glasses of water is prescribed. It is useful to keep problems like constipation and dehydration at bay,\" Hema explained.With good food tucked in, spending time outdoors keeps all the stress away. \"Get out of the four walls, and walk for 15 minutes on alternate days to revitalize both body and mind, and keep weight under check,\" said Hema.There are some no-nos too. \"Avoid sugary items before the exam or throughout the exam season. Prefer a high-protein bar or a fruit over a candy bar. Limit caffeine intake and go for buttermilk or fresh lemon juice. Bananas are excellent food before an exam because they release energy bit by bit, unlike a chocolate bar, which gives an instant rush of energy which soon fades away,\" says Farhana.In case of even a minor indication of ill-health, the child should immediately be taken to a doctor. \"A child appearing for an important exam has no time for experiments. Symptoms like running nose and bad throat should not be taken lightly. Also, let your doctor know the child is appearing for board exams,\" said Dr B Ramana Rao, senior physician and cardiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867767", "title": "Another kangaroo dies at Alipore zoo", "text": "KOLKATA: A red kangaroo, which was brought from Czech Republic in June last year, died at Alipore zoo on Sunday, taking the toll to two in as many months. The death once more highlights the zoo's inept handling of exotic animals. Earlier in August and in December, two red kangaroos had died of stress myopathy. The zoo authority said that cause of death could be ascertained only after the post mortem.Six red kangaroos were brought to the zoo from the Czech Republic in June last year. The kangaroo that died in August could not sustain the stress of the long journey it had to undertake. The autopsy report stated that the animal died of chronic stress myopathy.Sameek Gupta, a conservationist and member of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), blamed zoo authorities for the kangaroo's death. \"This is a natural consequence of bringing exotic animals without the space to give them a feeling of homecoming. Not a single staff in the zoo has expertise in handling kangaroos. Thus, these animals find it difficult to adapt in the new surroundings. This leads to stress,\" said Gupta.\"Severe stress over days or weeks can cause chronic corticosteroid production and adrenal exhaustion. The secondary effects include metabolic upset, loss of body condition, loss of reproduction and increased susceptibility to stress and death,\" explained professor Rahul Sinha, former dean of West Bengal University of Animals and Fisheries.Surprisingly, it must be noted that the kangaroo, which was thought to be a gift from the Czech Republic, whereas it was actually purchased. \"It was not brought under any exchange programme. A foreign transaction worth Rs 52 lakh was made through SBI commercial branch when Raju Das was the zoo's director. This account still remains unresolved,\" said a senior zoo official.Gupta said that a zoo cannot buy animals. But there are agents who facilitate such dubious deals. A probe can ascertain where exactly the fund had reached.The marsupials were brought to Alipore zoo on June 2 and after a one-month quarantine period; they were cleared for public viewing from July 2. The death comes at a time when a section of zoo staff affiliated to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867110", "title": "R\u00e9sum\u00e9 Impressions", "text": "If first impressions are important in an interview, the impression your resume creates are no less important.In order to ensure that, take care of the elements mentioned below:Your Story - Understand the position , level in hierarchy, department and industry culture. Map your contributions with what the company is looking for. Customise your resume when required. Are they looking for a strong technical expert or someone with strong people skills? Talk to current employees and read up about the company. For each company you have worked with, every designation held and every academic institution attended, the executive wants to see three things:a. What goes into the resume must be relevant to the job you have applied for. Mention your contributions, projects undertaken and the extracurricular activities in school or college , for example, 'Achieved 100% target all through.'b. Describe the constraints and the complexity involved in the project or in your contribution (example: Achieved 100% target or raised sales by 10% despite the downturn during which client company cut purchases by 20% and in the presence of leading competitors).c. The above details not only convey your potential to the interviewer, but also help focus interview questions on how you made it happen.Make the subheads speak for themselves so that the executive glancing rapidly through it does not miss them. Avoid monotonous subheads. Make your resume speak the industry language with no spelling or grammar mistakes. Don't use fancy fonts and boxes. The resume must be clear and precise. Follow the industry pattern in design. Don't use bold fonts too often. Start with the latest and biggest contribution within each profile.[The writer is Director, First Impression Consulting Pvt Ltd; Master Image Consultant - MFIPI (UK), Federation of Image Professionals International]At a glanceMap your contributions with what the company is looking for What goes into the resume must be relevant to the job you have applied for Make your resume speak the industry language. Talk to current employees and read up about the company Follow the industry pattern in design Make subheads speak for themselves Start with the latest and biggest contribution within each profile", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11865199", "title": "Nagpur cops seize Rs 1 crore; Congress says it's party fund", "text": "AMRAVATI: The seizure of cash worth Rs 1 crore from a vehicle and arrest of two persons by a night patrolling team of Gadge Nagar police station at Panchavati Square in the wee hours of Sunday has become murkier as no one turned up to claim the cash until afternoon and then Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) sent a fax around 2pm saying that the money was part of the party fund which minister of state for finance and energy Rajendra Mulak had sent to Amravati Congress Committee.The cops seized the money around 1.30am from the vehicle (MH-31/DC 4744) and arrested driver Prakash Masram, a resident of Byramji Town and Ashish Bodhankar of Lashkaribagh in Nagpur. They have been booked under sections 41(1)D of CrPC.Though the seizure sent shock waves, the MPCC sent a fax to the cops saying that minister of state for finance and energy Rajendra Mulak had sent party fund of Rs 1 crore so that Rs1 lakh could be given to each of its candidates. Police sources said that the vehicle in which cash was found came to Amravati on Saturday and was following the convoy of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who addressed a public meeting here.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was in the city to address a public meeting, alleged that money belonged to a minister. He said that PA of a minister had brought money to lure people. He even claimed that \"the police commissioner had the idea about the issue but he must be under pressure\". He said that though he had certain limitations as the model code of conduct was in force, he would inform the Election Commission on the developments.Talking to mediapersons, police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said that prime facie it appeared that money had come for AMC polls. \"But we got a fax from MPCC in the afternoon that stated the money was party fund. Since both accused did not give satisfactory answers we have booked them under section 41(1)D of CrPC. Under this section we cannot take direct action. We will produce the accused in the court and investigate the matter. We have informed the Income Tax department and Election Commission about the matter,\" said Kumar.Interestingly, local MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat was initially not aware that MPCC was sending such a huge amount for the local party unit. Shekhawat later told TOI, \"we had urged MPCC to give party funds for AMC polls as many of our candidates are poor and cannot afford to spend on election. Hence, the party sent Rs 1 crore. Of this, Rs 1 lakh were to be given to each of our 87 candidates. The remaining amount of Rs 13 lakh was supposed to be utilized for holding meetings and campaigning. The party has told us to keep an account of expenditure.\"When asked whether MPCC had informed him that it was sending cash on Saturday night, he said he was not told about the timing. He rejected the allegation of Pawar and said that it was party fund and he had an authorized letter to this effect.The questions remained why driver Masram and Bodhankar did not tell the police the facts, why money was brought to the city at an odd hour in a suspicious manner and why was Shekhawat not informed by MPCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11866061", "title": "When 'jadu ki jhappi' says it all on Hug Day", "text": "PANCHKULA: It was not just a delicious hug on Hug Day, but a warm \"jadu ki jhappi\" that spelled magic for many this year. Besides in person, city residents also expressed their feelings through messages over the phone and internet on this day. Many also gave special cure-all hugs to their loved ones and even pets on this day.\"My husband is in Australia, but unlike previous years this year I could not hug him in person. So I have sent him a hug message over the phone. It's not the same as the real one, but it works when you're not together,\" said Gurkirat Kaur, a resident of Sector 16, Panchkula. Gurkirat, who works with a private firm at IT Park, Chandigarh, had sent a message showing a person with open arms reading, \"a jadu ki jhappi for you\".While for some this day was not just for lovers but for everyone who is close to their heart. \"It's a day I keep aside to celebrate relationships that are special to me. My pet Sherry is the closest to my heart and I have a special bond with her. She's always been there for me and I feel she is the most deserving to get the first \"koochi coo\" hug from me on this day.The world may have become mean with the most innocent person turning selfish, but she is still pure and doesn't change with the world,\" said Mehak, a resident of Mansa Devi Complex, Sector 5, Panhckula.Ridhima Chauhan, a student of Class XII, said, \"People use relationships to get ahead in life; they pick friends who might help them achieve certain ambitions or get something they desire. In an environment like this, Hug Day is one day when we celebrate love for people we want around us because they make our life more beautiful.\"And for Ridhima, this time hugs were not just a symbol of love and affection, but were there to give an \"All is well\" feeling too. She adds, \"My friend could not score well in her pre-board examinations this time. She was a little depressed so I had already thought that I would give her a warm hug to lift her spirits. And guess what, it really worked!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866082", "title": "Emergency in Syria came into effect in 1963", "text": "Influenced by events in neighbouring countries, Syrians also took to the streets. The most significant of the early protests took place in March last year. Several people joined the 'day of dignity' protest aimed at the release of the regime's political prisoners. The protests turned violent when security forces shot at people participating in the 'day of rage' rally in the southern city of Deraa. Fearing further uproar, the government sent tanks to cities. Within a few days army tanks entered other cities like Banyas, Homs and also the suburbs of Damascus. President Bashar al-Assad dismissed the governor of the northern province of Hama and sent troops to quell the protesters. The government forces also raided the town of Jisr al Shoughour causing thousands of people to flee to Turkey. A faction of the Syrian army has also defected and is targeting army bases.How has the government responded?Armed action against protesters has cost several lives, but the government has also announced some measures to pacify the protesters. It has released scores of political prisoners. In April last year, the state of emergency, which was in force since 1963, was also lifted. President Assad has announced amnesty for political prisoners and pledged to start a national dialogue on reform. But the violent crackdowns have angered people to the extent that apart from their earlier demands for democracy and greater freedom they are now also demanding the resignation of Assad.Is there communal tension as well?A large majority, about three-fourths, of Syria's population is Sunni. Christians and Alawites are a minority. The current president belongs to the Alawite community, which describes itself as Shi'i Muslims. Many scholars of Sunni Islam consider them Shia or even pagans. Several experts believe that the current widespread anger may also have elements of sectarian conflict.How has the international community reacted?The US and Europe were the first to react. They tightened their sanctions as soon as the crackdown began. The leaders of these countries are demanding that the current president should step down. According to UN estimates, the crackdown has resulted in over 5,000 deaths. The Arab League imposed sanctions on Syria. Later, the government agreed to allow Arab observers in their country, but the Arab League soon withdrew observers citing a worsening situation. Unlike Arabs and the West, which immediately reacted by imposing sanctions, Russia and China have been wary of being vocal in criticizing the regime. Last year, they vetoed a UN resolution which was condemning the regime. Recently they also vetoed a UNSC draft resolution.Has Syria always witnessed political instability?Since the day of formation of modern Syria, established after the First World War, Syrians have lived under instability or authoritarian regimes. Syria became a French mandate after the Ottomans lost the war. Although it gained independence in 1946, its history remained tumultuous for more than two decades. This period witnessed several military coups, a failed union with Egypt and defeats in wars with Israel. In 1971, Hafez al-Assad became the president. His 30-year rule was criticized for human rights abuses. After Hafez's death in 2000, Bashar was elected as the president of the country in an election that had no opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11869675", "title": "Sports trials at Jamia", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sports Authority of India has adopted Jamia Millia Islamia as an extension centre for sports such as athletics, football , hockey and volleyball.These schemes have been promoted by the SAI with a view to promote sports at all levels especially at junior level. The concept is to develop sports standard in schools and colleges who have shown commendable results in the field of sports.Schools and colleges actively involved in sports, with adequate infrastructure, and a history of producing national and international sports persons are eligible under this scheme.Under the above scheme, Jamia will be conducting selection from February 23 to February 25, 2012. The boys in the age group 14 to 19 years are eligible to appear in the trials. Students other than those studying at Jamia can also take part in the trials. The trials will be held in athletics, football, hockey and volleyball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866183", "title": "Cops rule out murder in engg student's death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After establishing the sequence of Manav Garg's movements before his death, Chandigarh police on Sunday ruled out the possibility of murder behind the incident. A chemical engineering student of Chitkara University in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh, Manav was found dead in a ditch near Sector 48 on February 11.The body has been handed over to his family after autopsy on Sunday. The sequence of events established Manav had returned from his university to Chandigarh with five others around 7pm on February 10, but he did not go to his house in Sector 45.The same night Manav and his friend Vicky of Mohali had purchased some 'medicines' from a chemist shop in Phase-IX market, Mohali. They later indulged in a brawl with a shopkeeper at ISBT-43. DSP (south) B S Negi said Manav had managed to escape when shopkeeper raised an alarm and two patrolling cops rushed at the spot. Vicky was rounded up on the night of February 10, but unaware of Manav's residential address, he was released after brief questioning.A police party recovered four cell phones, including one of the deceased, from the office of the dean of Chitkara University and returned it to his family. University authorities had confiscated cell phones of Manav and his three other friends based on someone's complaint against them.Manav's female classmate, Viniksha of Sector 40, was also traced and questioned in this connection. The deceased boy is survived by his parents, an elder brother, who is abroad, and a sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865151", "title": "Top cop raps ACPs for failing to stop gambling, flesh trade", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik has pulled up all his assistant commissioners, barring one, saying none of them has been acting against prostitution rackets, most of which operate out of dance bars and massage parlours.Castigating the ACPs in a letter sent to all of them, he said he believed that most of them were party to such activities and hinted at the involvement of deputy police commissioners as well. However, in the letter, he has showered praises on Vasant Dhoble, hand-picked by the commissioner himself to head the social service branch, entrusted with the job of stopping flesh trade and gambling in the city. Patnaik has even threatened that those ACPs, who turn a blind eye to prostitution and gambling, will be transferred or shunted to \"unglamorous posts\".The police commissioner's letter, dated February 2, stated that all the illegal activities were flourishing with endorsement from senior inspectors in charge of police stations or inspectors or beat officers. \"It is no secret that none of the activities can go on without the blessings of police officials; whether the deputy commissioners concerned are also involved or not is another matter,\" the letter said.Patnaik said senior inspectors might be busy, but the ACPs, who have less work than them, should see to it that flesh trade rackets and gambling were kept at bay.\"The ACPs should start checking such premises and ensure that those establishments function by the rules. They should also look after the renewal of the hotel licences,\" the letter stated.Commending Dhoble, Patnaik wrote: \"I fail to understand how ACP Dhoble is being able to control almost the entire city and local ACPs and DCPs fail to do so. I will henceforth allocate the ACPs to the control room if any major raid is carried out.\"Nettled by the chastisement, an ACP tried to hint at the amount of time they have to spend on keeping tabs on \"illegal activities being committed by police officers themselves\". Refusing to accept that the assistant commissioners were failing in their duty, he said: \"Who says the ACPs don't have work? We have to do a lot, controlling our jurisdiction and also keeping a tab on the illegal activities being carried out by officers of police stations itself. Besides, there are plenty litigations arising out of civil disputes like redevelopment and land-grabbing, which we have to attend to.\" The reproach and the praise of Dhoble did not seem to have gone down well with another officer as well. \"Nobody can be perfect. The special branch has no other work but to conduct raids and hand the investigations over to the local police. The circular is ridiculous and nothing but humiliating,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865744", "title": "Microsoft's India store hacked, usernames &amp; passwords stolen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hackers, allegedly belonging to a Chinese group called Evil Shadow Team, struck at www.microsoftstore.co.in on Sunday night, stealing login ids and passwords of people who had used the website for shopping Microsoft products.While it is troublesome that hackers were able to breach security at a website owned by one of the biggest IT companies in the world, it is more alarming that user details - login ids and passwords - were reportedly stored in plain text file, without any encryption.Following the hack, the members of Evil Shadow Team, posted a message on the Microsoft website saying \"unsafe system will be baptized\". The story was first reported by www.wpsauce.com.Later, the website seemed to have been taken offline by Microsoft. We advise the users at Microsoft India Store to change the password as soon the website comes online. Also, if they have used the same password or login id on any other web service, they should change it immediately.Last year, hacker groups like Lulzsec had carried out several-profile high profile break-ins, putting focus on the security measures companies put in place. Sony allegedly suffered several security breaches and hackers stole user ids and passwords of customers from its network.In a message posted on a website called Pastebin, Lulzsec claimed the group was bringing attention to the web security. \"Do you think every hacker announces everything they've hacked? We certainly haven't, and we're damn sure others are playing the silent game. Do you feel safe with your Facebook accounts, your Google Mail accounts, your Skype accounts? What makes you think a hacker isn't silently sitting inside all of these right now,\" the group wrote.But the incident at Microsoft Store on Sunday hints that lessons have not been learnt. Just like Sony, which later revealed that user ids and passwords were not encrypted at the time of security breach, Microsoft too seemed to have been casual about handling the user details by storing them in a plain text file.Commenting on the security breach, a Microsoft spokesperson said, \"Microsoft is investigating a limited compromise of the company's online store in India. The store customers have already been sent guidance on the issue and suggested immediate actions. We are diligently working to remedy the issue and keep our customers protected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866797", "title": "Infant mortality rate declines, yet lags behind target", "text": "INDORE: A decline of five-points in Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) in the state as revealed by Sample Registration Survey (SRS) 2011 might have brought smiles on the faces of law-makers and officials concerned, but the figures are still not very close to the targets of Millennium Development Goals (MDG).The recently released Survey had revealed positive indications for the state with a five-point decline in IMR in both urban and rural areas.Albeit, going by the progress report of the state in reducing IMR, achieving the targets of Millennium Development Goals (MDG) is not going to be an easy task. It may require extraordinary efforts to reduce the rate by 7.8 points each year. The MDG-IV had targeted to reduce the infant mortality to two-third between the year 1990 and 2015.\"Government is working in direction to reduce the IMR but to achieve the MDG goals, the cases of neo-natal deaths need to be seriously addressed. This will help reduce IMR at a faster rate,\" said Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, community medicine at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College.According to the survey, from 2007 to 2010, IMR declined at an average rate of 1.75 points. For the first time in 2011, it has reduced by impressive five points.In 2007, the IMR of the state was 74 which reduced by two points in 2008 and 2009 respectively. In 2010, it reduced by three points. Among the 18 Empowered Action Group (EAG) states, Madhya Pradesh still ranks highest with IMR of 62 followed by Orissa and Uttar Pradesh with IMR of 61 each.\"As per target set under MDG-IV, IMR has to touch the figure of 37 by 2015, which seems highly unlikely going by their past record,\" said Rolly Shivhare of an NGO working for the cause of child health and nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859223", "title": "Valentine\u2019s Day: Focus on \u2018experience\u2019 to make it unique and memorable", "text": "Forget cards, flowers and chocolates, most people want a special experience rather than a gift for Valentine's Day.Unlike material gifts, an experience, whether it is an outing, a vacation or a special meal, is something unique to the couple, especially if it reflects both people's interests. Similarly, a bad Valentine's Day gift could quickly turn the sweet holiday sour.Among some of the worst-ranked gifts for men and women were gift cards, bathroom scales, vacuum cleaners, self-help books, clothing that was too big or too small, artificial flowers, and a \"Sex for Dummies\" book.\"I think the worst thing you could give someone on Valentine's Day is a gift card. Gift cards are great, don't get me wrong, they're great if you don't know someone, but if you are getting something for the Cupid's big day, you should know them better than that,\" a psychologist says.Women and men seem to differ in their wants for Valentine's Day, but both seem to agree that a personalized, thoughtful gift is always the best bet.To those out there scratching their heads about what to get their sweetheart this year, it is not the actual gift, it's the thought behind it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865603", "title": "Industrial unit gutted in Gomtipur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An industrial unit was gutted in a major fire in Gomtipur in wee hours of Sunday. The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) doused the flames after four hours of firefighting.According to AFES officials, they got a call from Utkarsh Industries Pvt Ltd near Usha Talkies in Gomtipur at 2.30 am. The unit manufactures bedsheets and cotton covers for pillows and cotton napkins. \"We believe that the fire started after short-circuit in storage area that first spread in produced goods. The fire then quickly spread in cloth and wooden items. The fire was a major one as almost the entire unit got gutted,\" said an AFES official.The AFES officials led by fire officer P S Parmar continued the operation till 7 am with two fighters and eight tankers. The operation continued till 7 am. \"Our main challenge was to prevent the flames from spreading to nearby units,\" said the official.In another incident, a residence was gutted in flames in Saijpur-Bogha. According to AFES officials, the incident took place at Kailasnagar Row House on Saturday evening. \"The incident started after an LPG cylinder reported leakage and engulfed kitchen in flames. Soon, residence of Sushil Kumar Sharma, 60, was on fire. At that time local corporator Krishna Thakar called AFES up and got the help. The fire got controlled only after three hours of operation,\" said an AFES official.Officials said that the house was occupied by Sharma, his wife and his daughter when the incident took place. \"Their neighbours quickly evacuated them before the entire structure collapsed,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11865080", "title": "CBI to file reply in HC on Amri Devi today", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI will appear in the Rajasthan High Court on Monday to reply to the show cause notice it received for the summons to 85-year-old Amri Devi, mother of Indra Bishnoi who is absconding the Bhanwari Devi case.The high court on last Monday, had served a show cause notice to CBI's director and SP and the Union home secretary while admitting a petition filed by Amri Devi regarding her summoning by the CBI for interrogation. The petitioner had alleged torture and harassment by the agency in the name of interrogation in connection with the case.Amri Devi had appeared twice at the CBI camp office here on January 31 and February 1 for interrogation. The CBI had, however, denied ever summoning her for interrogation on February 2, the same day she was admitted to the hospital citing deterioration of health due to interrogation by the agency.Amri Devi's counsel, Sunil Joshi said the CBI summoned her twice for interrogation, which is violation of Section 160 of the CrPC. \"This section prohibits summoning of any children up to the age of 15 years and women in the name of interrogation by any investigative agency,\" Joshi said adding that despite the old age and ill-health of his client, she was subjected to intense interrogation and inappropriate treatment by the CBI.On the other hand, Sohan Lal Bishnoi, Shahabuddin and Balia, all accused in the case, will also appear in the SC/ST court in connection with their trial on the charges against them as their judicial custody is expiring on Monday. The CBI had filed a preliminary chargesheet against all three of them and their trial had started in the SC/ST court after the committal of the case to this court from the CBI court. They have been charged under sections 120 (B) and 364 of the IPC and SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocity) Act.According to the experts, the trial is again set for adjournment further as the CBI is yet to file the final chargesheet and addition of charges against three accused under Section 302 of the IPC after the CBI declared in the high court on January 15 that Bhanwari Devi has been killed.\"Once the final chargesheet is filed, the trial of all the accused will begin together as per the sections imposed by the CBI and till then there is no point in commencing the trial of these three accused,\" a legal expert said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871795", "title": "Alka sings a Bengali track", "text": "Composer Drono Acharya recently recorded a Bengali track with Alka Yagnik in Kolkata.The film, \" Target Kolkata\", is being directed by newcomer and Mumbai import Kartik. \"The song has a reggae feel to it. The video will feature the film's heroine and will see her taking a round of the city in a vintage car. I've used a lot of ambient sound in it. That's what has spiced up the track immensely. The song is on Kolkata and is more of a tribute to the city,\" says Drono.This is also the first time that the music director worked with Alka. So, how has the experience been? \"Among the current crop of female singers, I really like Shreya Ghoshal, but Alka is my all-time favourite. Her voice is timeless and here, we'll have a 25-year-old lip-syncing to the number,\" he informed.Heaping praises on the singer, Drono added that even if they weren't familiar to each other before the song happened, he is bowled over by the singer's diligence. \"She dubbed the song for four long hours and asked about the date of the film's release once we finished work. She even told me how she would love to sing more such songs. I'm sure we'll work in future as well,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865556", "title": "Charitable city walks for good causes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After winning the Sabarmati Marathon and Vadodara Marathon, the Kenyans returned to do it again at the '10th Annual Motif Charity Walk' in Ahmedabad on Sunday.The 10-kilometer-run held as part of the charity walk was won by Kenneth Koros from Kenya who clocked 31 minutes. The first runner up in the category was Phillip Bor, also from Kenya, who covered the 10 kilometers in 31 minutes and 13 seconds.While Kenneth Koros took part in the Vadodara Marathon this year to stand at twelfth position, Bor participated in the half marathon category of the Sabarmati Marathon-2012 and was ranked sixth.Young children and elderly people equally dared the morning chill to take part in the fun raising event. 72-year-old Premshankar Pandya from the city won the senior citizen's category of the walk. He said, \"I run around 10 to 15 kilometers everyday. I have never taken any kind of medicine until today. It keeps all negativity away from my mind.\"\"The people are very warm and welcoming in India. It feels good to come to this country,\" said Koros. While Koros was in taking part in Indian marathons only this year, Bor has been coming here for years. Talking about his experiences of visiting countries to take part in marathons, Bor said, \"I visit various countries to take part in the marathon, but I like India the most. The people are good and the climate here is just like Kenya.\"Over 7,000 people took part in the charity walk, organized in two categories - 5 kilometers and 10 kilometers. As crowd thronged the starting point at the campus of Gujarat Technical University (GTU), musical bands moving around on movable platforms, continued to stimulate the already enthusiastic runners and cheering audience.A total of Rs 49 lakh was raised this year through individual registrations and Motif's contribution of Rs 10 lakh. The event was also sponsored by 47 companies this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11869109", "title": "Acharya was asked to step down after PIL, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Sadananda Gowda said senior counsel BV Acharya was asked to relinquish one of the two posts he was holding - advocate general of Karnataka and special prosecutor in the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa - after a PIL was filed in the Karnataka high court questioning his propriety to hold both posts.Gowda said prior to Acharya's appointment (August 6, 2011), courts were passing strictures against the government almost on a daily basis. But after Acharya took over, not a single stricture was passed. The CM felt this reflected on the senior counsel's abilities as also the manner in which the government conducted itself.Gowda admitted that the porngate scandal was a setback to his efforts for transparency in governance. \"I will ensure such an embarrassing situation is not repeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866225", "title": "Valentine's day greeting cards doubled up as love messengers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their first Valentine's Day fell six days after their marriage 25 years ago and Renu Oberoi and Gurwinder Oberoi expressed their love for each other through greeting cards.Every date significant to their special bond is etched in Renu's memory. Married to Gurwinder, a senior manager at a pharmaceutical company, Renu remembers when they first met, went out for dinner, the day when they first exchanged gifts and their first Valentine's Day.Married on February 8, 1987, the couple, residents of Sector 38, recently entered the 25th year of their married life. As their wedding anniversary is close to Valentine's Day, they usually celebrate both the occasions on February 8 it self. \"Greeting cards were the most popular gifts those days and that's what we gifted each other,\" recalls Renu.\"We saw each other for the first time on November 18 at our 'roka' ceremony and exchanged rings on November 29. On December 8, we met for the first time after engagement and then saw each other several times until February 8 next year to know each other's nature,\" says Renu, a librarian at Post-graduate Government College-Sector 11. A memorable experience for her from these meetings before marriage is dropping her better half to bus stand on February 6, two days before their marriage!\"We have witnessed each other's growth right from the beginning of our careers. We started from scratch and have come far holding hands in our professional and personal lives. From living in a rented premises to owning a beautiful home, we have been a part of each other's growth,\" added Renu.Gurwinder knows what would make his wife happy. Renu loves gold and diamonds as gift and he knows exactly what to buy for her on any occasion, she adds. She narrates how Gurwinder loves arranging parties but, when it comes to managing the kitchen, it's a nightmare to hand it over to her husband. \"Even if he attempts making a cup of tea, the entire kitchen ends in a mess. He is not a kitchen person at all and that part is managed by me alone,\" said Renu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11866428", "title": "Missing ducks lead to discovery of rare tortoises at city zoo", "text": "COIMBATORE: About twenty five tortoises belonging to the endangered Indian Flap-Shell variety are attracting unusual curiosity among visitors to the city zoo with their carnivorous food habits.They were recently discovered when zoo authorities were investigating why their manila ducks were disappearing. They found the culprits to be the tortoises, who were hiding in the pond located within the enclosure meant for the manila ducks, and ravenously feeding on their chicks. They have now been lodged in a separate enclosure and are fed mutton chops along with vegetables.\"I am curious as to how they managed to escape our notice. The zoo staff was clueless about why the chicks were disappearing,\" says K Asokan, director of the zoo. However, he feels that the rare tortoises are a blessing in disguise. \"They are an endangered variety and I am glad to have the opportunity to conserve them. This is an added advantage to the zoo. Among the 25, 14 are adults and the rest are hatchlings,\" he said. It was the bigger ones that were eating the ducks, he informed.According to Asokan, the Indian flap-shell turtle is protected under Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972. \"The tortoises must have been here for years. As these creatures remain immersed in the water, no one had noticed them. We knew of their existence only after flushing the water out of the pond with pumps and motors,\" he said.A separate enclosure with a small pond is now housing the tortoises. \"We give them vegetables and mutton chops. They are doing fine,'' said Asokan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865358", "title": "Delhi metro zones face extra property tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that may further push up property prices along Metro corridors, the Centre has asked the Delhi government to impose a dedicated tax or levies on real estate transactions in those areas. The levy may also be imposed on additional floor area ratio.The urban development ministry, which is footing 50% of the bill for Metro's expansion in the Capital, has decided that 75% of the money raised through these levies will go to the Centre's dedicated urban transport fund.The Centre has left it to the Delhi government to fix the rate of taxation.This has been proposed in the light of market value of such property skyrocketing on the back of Metro connectivity.The levy may also be imposed on additional floor area ratio (FAR) permitted by city authorities along the Metro stretches. It was also decided that Delhi government will set up a dedicated transport fund at the state level in consultation with the Union urban development ministry.The direction came as part of the sanction order for the 103.05-km Phase 3 of Delhi Metro that will cost Rs 32,242 crore. But the order did not talk about the rate of taxation on sale/purchase of property and it was left to the city government.The urban development ministry, which is footing half the bill for Metro's expansion in the capital, decided that 75% of the money raised through these measures would go to the Centre's dedicated urban transport fund. The ministry has reiterated its stand in its January 20 letter to all chief secretaries, suggesting measures for innovative financing of Metro rail projects.Finding it difficult to meet the financial requirement of the sector, the ministry has been urging state and city authorities to set up dedicated transport funds to be financed by imposing taxes and levies but they have been reluctant to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869927", "title": "Akhil wants to act", "text": "Nagarjuna's youngest son, Akhil, who made his debut as an infant in the Telugu film Chutti Kuzhandhai, flew down from the US to play in be part of the ongoing cricket league held on Saturday in Chennai.The actor says he is considering acting. \"Yes, I'm very interested. It would be a waste of an opportunity if I don't pursue acting as a career, considering I'm born into a family of actors. But I want to finish my BBA degree first,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11870799", "title": "Cabinet revamp after budget", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said he will expand his cabinet after the state budget session.The session is scheduled in the second week of March.Gowda's council of ministers is 10 short of the sanctioned strength of 34. The CM, who is currently holding additional charge of 16 ministries, said he wouldn't like to hold any portfolio other than finance. On how he is doing justice to all the 16 ministries he's in charge of, Gowda said if there is political will anything is possible.\"I have made notes of the requirements of all departments (under me). I will convene a meeting of principal secretaries of these departments on Monday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11865975", "title": "Passengers plan bus route blockade from March 1 to protest fare hike", "text": "THRISSUR: Bus passengers action council in Thrissur will block buses on the Thrissur- Parappur-Guruvayur route starting March 1. Council secretary Sebastian P O said bus operators have created two extra fare stages illegally and transport authorities are yet to enforce the state human rights commission's order on reducing fares.Talking to TOI, Sebastian said that private operators have created two extra fare stages before Parappur. \"The fare stages for buses in the state were fixed in 1973. But bus operators are collecting excess charges from passengers by adding illegal fare stages. As per the 1973 system, the fare stages from Thrissur to Parappur are Punkunnam, Muthuvara and Chittilappilly. Now Kerala Varma College and Mullur (via Plavinchode) have been added,\" he said. Sebastian pointed out that the only Rs 7 should be collected from passengers who are travelling from Thrissur to Parappur. Now bus operators charge Rs 11 after adding Kerala Varma College and Mullur in between. \"Even the Kerala State Human Rights Commission had issued an order (HRMP No: 1433 of 2004) on November 21, 2011 to the regional transport officer (Thrissur) to take up our complaint and rectify the anomaly in fare stages. However no action has been taken till date,\" said Sebastian.He pointed out that human rights commission member R Natarajan had stated that bus operators from Thrissur to Parappur are collecting two excess fare stages and they have been extracting money from passengers for several years and yet no action was taken.\"Even after an enquiry into the matter was conducted and the commission issued a directive, transport authorities are reluctant to take stern action against bus operators. We have no options, so we are going ahead with the strike,\" said Sebastian. When contacted, Thrissur RTO sources said they have already briefed the regional traffic authorities and it is up to them to take necessary decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866011", "title": "Inspirational movies to help make peace", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Doing its bit to undo the violent atmosphere resulting from the fracas at Panjab University campus last week, the student council is all set to showcase inspirational movies to students. The boycotting of violent movies would be a part of student council's \" Movie Club Drive\", where students are shown popular and latest movies at law auditorium every Saturday and Sunday.\"Although authorities have to take a final call on penalizing such students, the student council is doing its bit to create an amicable ambience of non-violence and peace. Movies like \" Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara \" that have an element of friendship and non-violence will be shown to students instead of those showing violent movies like \"Agnipath\",\" cited Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) president, Pushpinder Sharma.A scuffle that occurred at Student Centre last week, transformed into terror for onlookers.Students and faculty members present on the spot condemned the authorities for delayed interference of the security staff. Representatives and outsiders involved with two arch rival student organizations including Student Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and Panjab University Students Union (PUSU), created ruckus dragging a person and beating him up mercilessly. The victim allegedly belonged to PUSU and was beaten by SOPU supporters.Even as the police has registered a case against three outsiders, who were nabbed this week, the varsity is yet to give out its verdict on the case.\"Most common students have nothing to do with the violence at campus. They come here to study and do not get involved with students politics. It is only a handful of students, who become a part of such brawls, and certain outsiders in this case triggered the incident,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871352", "title": "Geeta Basra injures her foot", "text": "Geeta Basra, who returned to a film set post her sabbatical, did not have a very pleasant beginning. While shooting for an item song in Zilla Ghaziabad she injured her foot.A source from the set adds, \"The producer had allotted three days for shoot and all was going as scheduled until Geeta experienced an excruciating pain the next morning after end of shoot. Her doc advised a break but she went ahead with the shoot as she didn't want to disturb the schedule. She shot the patchwork with a plaster which was disguised by her ghagra.\" Even Sanjay Dutt , her co-star had recently suffered injuries on his right arm while shooting an action scene. Maybe they should just name the film Zilla Accidentvaad. Contributed by Upala KBR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11866042", "title": "91.2fm Jyotirgamaya completes a year", "text": "91.2 fm Jyotirgamaya, the community radio station of Panjab University completed its one year of raising community awareness.On February 13, World Radio Day, students will take versions and bytes of 365 people to celebrate its 365 successful days.During its year-long operations, Jyotirgamaya has sought to raise awareness about social issues concerning the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865764", "title": "Sabarmati jail to produce petrol pump attendants", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Next time you stop at petrol pump near RTO circle to replenish your stock of fuel, the chances are good that the attendant who is serving you with a smile may be simultaneously serving a sentence in the nearby Sabarmati Central Jail.If all goes well, the state prison authorities are planning to start a petrol pump exclusively run by Sabarmati jail inmates by second half of the year. The authorities are already in talks with two petrochemical companies for the ambitious project.\"The Sabarmati central jail has been pioneer in many ways including starting up bhajiya and bakery item sales counters, selling furniture, providing certificate training courses ranging from beauty parlour to bike repairing and computer-aided design. Now we have set our eyes on training inmates for attending petrol pumps as the sector has good demand for human resource,\" said P C Thakur, additional director general of police (prisons).He said that the first such petrol pump run by prison inmates was floated in Jharkhand in 2008 and it is running successfully. The second attempt was made by Andhra Pradesh and now the AP government wants to set up eight such petrol pumps across the state with prison authorities, after seeing its successful operation and its capacity to generate employment.\"The idea is taking rounds for last six months and we are in talks with two major oil companies. We have asked both Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh prison departments to share their model of operations. The proposed petrol pump will be set up near Jail training school near RTO circle and will be fully managed and operated by inmates, very much on the lines of our bhajiya house,\" said Thakur.Thakur said that it will not only earn the inmates good wages but will also contribute significantly to prisoners welfare fund. Jail officials said that as with other ventures, the convicts with longer terms will be chosen for the semi-jail environment where the pump will be established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11867264", "title": "Stir taking toll on patients", "text": "WARANGAL: The ongoing junior doctors' strike continues to throw medical services in the state out of joint with four patients dying in Warangal district on Sunday none of whom received timely medical attention.Sudhakar Reddy, 56, died at MGM hospital after suffering a massive stroke as there was no doctor on duty to attend to him. The same was the fate of road accident victim Venkataiah , who was brought to the hospital with a serious head injury. The relatives of Jannu Padmaja, 42, of Karimabad area, tried to shift her to a private hospital but she died on Sunday before that could happen. Lack of a doctor was also the cause behind the death of Laxmipuram village's Estari, 35.In Gudur mandal, villagers damaged a hospital ambulance and a jeep at the primary healthcare centre on Sunday after a girl died who did not receive medical aid after she was bitten by a snake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865446", "title": "Khot to continue doing social work", "text": "MARGAO: Reacting to the Congress party's denial of ticket to him, Vijay Pai Khot, who had recently joined the Congress, put on a brave face. \"I have never considered politics as business. Politics to me is a means of doing social work which I have been doing all these years. I may have been denied a ticket but my social work will continue as usual,\" Khot told TOI.He however refused to disclose his immediate political plans. Asked if he would contest as an independent, Khot said he would take an appropriate decision after consulting his supporters.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865630", "title": "Damaged shrines: IRC seeks time from govt to give details", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Islamic Relief Committee (IRC), on whose PIL Gujarat high court ordered reconstruction of religious structures damaged in the 2002 riots, requested the state government to grant time to trusts to furnish information on the damage.IRC chairman Shakeel Ahmed Ansari said on Sunday that immediately after the court order to government to compensate for the damage to religious structures, district collectorates asked the trusts to quickly furnish details.\"Since the administration is seeking details from respective managements without any prior intimation or notice, it is becoming difficult for them to furnish it. This is because 10 years have passed since the incident, and no survey regarding damage has been done till date,\" he said.Ansari also said that the government should approach the issue pragmatically with a view to provide financial assistance for the damage caused and not proceed with adversarial approach of fighting and contesting the claims of damages. \"If there is a prior notice given to the management, it gets enough time to gather details and present its case in proper manner,\" he said.IRC's counsel MTM Hakim said that conducting a survey of these structures was one of the prayers in their PIL.IRC moved HC in 2003 with the demand on basis of a recommendation made by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to repair and rebuild religious structures and compensate for the damages. The state government had in principle accepted it, but never acted upon it, neither did it table NHRC's final report before the legislative assembly. Though there were several meetings between IRC and the state government representatives in this regard at suggestions made by HC, the state government refused to extend financial assistance.Finally, HC pulled up the government last week and ordered to pay compensation for the damages caused to religious structures. HC has appointed all district judges as special officers, who are to be approached by concerned trust or management with suit and who would decide the issue within six months. The issue is being monitored by the high court as the division bench has directed all district judges to report their decisions to HC for confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865607", "title": "Man 'accidentally' visits ladies washroom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 23-year-old man was caught by women at Acropolis Mall on Saturday night from women's washroom. While the youth claimed it to be a mistake, a woman accused him of playing peeping tom. Police have arrested him for 'outraging a woman's modesty.'According to Vastrapur police officials, Pallavi, 27, a resident of Jivraj Park, Vejalpur, had been to PVR Cinema at Acropolis Mall on Saturday night to catch a Bollywood flick with her husband, her brother-in-law and his fiancee. After the movie got over, the group went to a restaurant situated on first floor of the mall to grab a quick bite. The women decided to take a break and went to a washroom on the ground floor.\"As per Pallavi's complaint, she was in one of the cabins when she sensed that somebody was watching her. She shrieked and went out of the cabin when she spotted a man running out. Other women also joined her after which she caught a youth standing outside on the basis of his appearance and clothes. He was beaten up by the cleaning staff and men present on the spot and then handed him over to us. The youth was identified as Vijay Rathod, 23, a native of Delhi,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Investigators said that Rathod had come to participate in a marriage in the city and after the marriage got over, he had a few hours to pass before his train. Thus, he started off from Satellite at 7 pm and went to Acropolis Mall on his own. \"As per his statement, it was a pure accident that he mistook the women's washroom as men's and as soon as he realized his mistake, he came out and he refutes any charges of snooping,\" said the official.Officials said that Rathod is booked under IPC section 354 for outraging modesty of a woman. The offence is punishable by two years of imprisonment or fine or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11866205", "title": "Mohali is now Ajitgarh", "text": "MOHALI: Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar (SAS Nagar) or Mohali, has been rechristened as Ajitgarh, following approval of Union home ministry on Sunday.During the tenure of former President of India Giani Zail Singh as Punjab chief minister from 1972-77, Mohali, which was named after a cluster of villages around Mohali village after the division of Punjab and Haryana in 1966, was renamed as Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar in the memory of the eldest son of Guru Gobind Singh , Sahibzada Ajit Singh. He had laid down his life at the young age of 18 fighting Mughal forces.Political observers state that the name change never really gained any popularity as locals as well as those in power felt that the name was too long and preferred using Mohali.An earlier proposal renaming SAS Nagar to Ajitgarh was also proposed in 1980s along with renaming a town near Phillaur to Ranjitgarh, in the memory of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. It was felt at that time that the name, SAS Nagar, was too long and the shorter, Mohali, should instead be used.However, Sunday's news of the name change to Ajitgarh has even taken Mohali-based government officials by surprise who are unaware of any such proposal sent to New Delhi.Speaking to TOI, Mohali deputy commissioner Varun Roojam said, \"We have not yet received any official communication regarding the change in name since today is a Sunday. Once we receive the official communication from New Delhi, only then I would be in a position to comment on this development.\"He said, \"I am not aware of any proposal regarding changing the name again from SAS Nagar to Ajitgarh, and have asked officials in the district administration to look for any such communication.\"Locals too are somewhat surprised and slightly disappointed about change. Mohali-based Vikrant Singh Chaudhary said, \"Re-naming an already renamed place would just add to the confusion. It's a good thing that everybody knows Mohali or SAS Nagar, but I believe that apart from official use residents would rarely use the name Ajitgarh to refer to Mohali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869916", "title": "Indian musicians mourn the death of Whitney Houston", "text": "Musicians in India mourn the death of singer Whitney Houston and talk about her musicWhen someone dies an untimely death, it gives everyone around a sudden jolt. Such was the case when the music and entertainment fraternity in India woke up on Sunday morning to the news of singer Whitney Houston's death at the age of 48. An inspiration to many musicians, they took to thanking her for the music.The Mozart of Madras, AR Rahman took to his microblogging site to offer his tribute by writing, \"Another shining star of the music world gone too soon...! We will miss you, Whitney... Respect and prayers for you!\"The musicians, irrespective of genres, fondly recall her music to be inspirational. Pentagram frontman and Bollywood composer Vishal Dadlani says, \"She's inspirational. She's given us some of the most unforgettable hits. She's a great singer and artist. I fondly remember her music and her films.\"Another rocker, Raghu Dixit believes that Whitney is someone who's been a great inspiration to his generation of music and will continue to be so for the ones to follow. \"She was a great singer with such a powerful voice, yet this death makes us ponder how vulnerable a human being she must have been,\" says Raghu. Singer Shweta Pandit says, \"It is such a sad note to wake up to. Whitney has been my inspiration and my guru when it comes to vocal perfection.\"Similarly, singer Shreya Ghoshal says, \"It is indeed very sad. She was one of the finest talents.\" Louiz Banks, recollecting Whitney's songs, says, \"She has been one of the most inspiring singers. Her songs are going to be treasured by many. She has been the complete rockstar, giving her all for music.\"TOP WHITNEY PICKS I will always love you; I wanna dance with somebody; Saving all my love for you; Where do broken hearts go; Greatest love of allON THE CELLULOID Whitney has been part of some famed movies as well. The most famous of them all being The Bodyguard, which was remade in India as well. She also acted in Waiting to Exhale and The Preacher's Wife. Her last film, Sparkle, is yet to release. It is slated to hit the screens in August 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11872485", "title": "Now, check status of train berths, timings on Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expanding its online reach, Railways' Delhi division has come up with a dedicated page on social networking site Facebook where passengers can check out availability of berths, train timings and other related information.\"We have opened a page on Facebook to inform passengers about the status of vacant berths as well as the arrival and departure of trains. The page is linked with the National Train Inquiry Service and constantly updated,\" said a senior Delhi division official.Besides the status of berths and train timings, the page will also provide detailed information about arrivals and departures at the exact platform number at New Delhi, Nizamuddin and Old Delhi stations.Aiming at preventing misuse of available seats by \"unscrupulous elements\", Railways has asked other zones to resort to such innovative measures and give adequate publicity regarding the facility of booking vacant accommodation available on trains at current ticket counters.\"Our aim is to create further awareness among passengers about this facility as due to lack of adequate awareness, it is being misused by unscrupulous elements for providing confirmed accommodation to passengers at a premium by using the current counter facility, said the official.Railways has advised passengers travelling on short notice to use the facility of current reservation counters situated at the train originating main stations.\"The vacant reserved seats available on train after preparation of reservation charts can be booked at the current ticket counters of the train originating stations before departure of trains,\" the official said.According to Railway rules, a reserved ticket can be booked across the passenger reservation system counters all over the country as well as through the Internet only upto the time of preparation of reservation charts.After preparation of reservation charts, the berths available, if any, can be booked at the current counter available at major stations.The reservation charts are normally prepared three to four hours before the schedule departure of the train. In case of trains leaving early morning, the charts are prepared on the previous night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866438", "title": "Power cuts are here to stay", "text": "PUNE: Union power minister and Congress leader Sushilkumar Shinde on Sunday admitted that Maharashtra has been left behind in power generation. He also rubbished the claims of deputy chief minister and state power minister Ajit Pawar of making the state free of load-shedding by the end of 2012.Blaming the NCP, which holds the power ministry in the state, for not taking adequate efforts to generate power, Shinde said, \"Power cuts are here to stay for a while.\"Shinde said the state power ministry has not responded to the schemes of Union power ministry.\"The state has not adequately responded to the programmes such as ultra mega scheme, designed to improve power generation in the states. States like Gujarat have become power surplus with the help of such schemes. But, the Maharashtra government has not taken more interest in it. I have taken follow up of it a number of times,\" he said.Asked whether the state will be free of load-shedding by year-end, Shinde said it would not be practically possible. \"The way works for it are going on, we cannot make the state free from power cuts,\" he said, adding \"More efforts are required.\"He stressed that even more efforts are needed to speed up the Jaitapur power plant. The state and the Union governments should come together to implement the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866459", "title": "'Cong's only choice of ally in Pune polls is NCP'", "text": "PUNE: The Congress party will never form an alliance with either the Shiv Sena or the Bharatiya Janata Party in order to come to power in Pune, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre said on Sunday. However, he said, the same does not hold true for the Nationalist Congress Party, which has in the past formed an alliance with the saffron parties under the name of a \"pattern\" to hold power.Speaking to reporters at the Congress Bhavan, Thakre said there is dissent between the Congress and NCP over various issues about the city's development. \"The NCP frequently changes its stand on issues like metro rail - whether to make it underground or elevated, bio-diversity parks and solutions for solving traffic problems in the city. On the other hand, the Congress has had a firm stand on all these issues.\"NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday had ridiculed the Congress's proposed plan of water transport in the Mutha river. Commenting on it, Thakre said, \"Water transport using boats is common in various cities of the world. We want to come up with solutions to ease the growing traffic problems in the city. I fail to understand NCP's opposition to the idea. Instead of being negative, the NCP needs to have a positive attitude towards development projects.\"He refuted charges that Congress is going soft on NCP's aggression. Thakre maintained that the Congress party is focused on developmental works, which does not mean the party is soft or moderate.When asked about the party's stand on Vilasrao Deshmukh , who has been criticised for being instrumental in handing over land to a media institute, Thakre said, \"The party will first go through the verdict of the court. I do not want to make any statement without going through the details of the verdict. It would be unjust.\"Though the Congress has formed an alliance with the NCP for the Mumbai corporation elections, it is fighting against it in the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad civic polls. The NCP has a clear majority in the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and is capitalising the developmental works in the twin township for its Pune Municipal Corporation campaign. Thakre said, \"The NCP does have a stronghold in the PCMC, but, this time, Congress seats will increase compared to the last elections. We will better our performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867394", "title": "Power shutdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended from 9am to 5pm on Tuesday..Madipakkam: Madipakkam, Moovarasampet, Medavakkam Main Rd, Iyappa Nagar, Swamy Nagar, Balaiah Garden, Keelkattalai, Karthikeyapuram, Puzhudivakkam, West Velachery.Gummidipoondi: Gummidipoondi Sipcot SS II - 33 KV and 11 KV HT consumers.Kodambakkam: Vellala St, Arcot Rd, South Sivan Koil St, Vanniyar St, Othavadai St, Puliyur 2nd Main Rd, Puliyur Main Rd, Trust 4 to 10th cross St, Minor Trust Puram, Muthu Main St, Trust puram 1, 2nd cross St, United India colony 1, 2, 3rd main Rd &amp; 1, 2nd cross road, Circular Rd, Station view Rd, Akbarabad 1, 2nd St, West avenue, Central avenue, Padmanadha nagar, Patel St, Chinna Raja Pillai Thottam, part of Arcot Rd, Dhanakottiammal St, Taylors Estate 1, 2nd St, Gopala Menon Rd, Gangai Amman Koil St, South Gangai Amman Koil St, Sowrastra nagar, Krishna Puram St, Choolaimedu High Road.J J Nagar: Mogappair East &amp; West, Eri Scheme, Collector nagar, Rail Nagar, GG Nagar, JJ nagar Indl., Moorthy nagar, Padi Indl. Estate, K K Nagar : K.K.nagar, Ashok nagar, MGR nagar, Ekkattuthangal, Kalaimahal nagar, Part of - West Mambalam, Brindavan Extn., Nakkeeran st, Guindy, Jafferkhanpet, West KK nagar, Nesapakkam, Vadapalani.Anna Salai: Bootha Perumal Koil St, Perumal Mudali St, EB link Rd, Velders St, State Bank St, Byranjan Bahedur 1, 11 lanes, Arumugam St, GP Rd, Addition (RMG) company, Pachayappa Trust building, LIC building complex, Rajyok contraction, Prince Kushal Towers complex, GP Rd, Gowtham Towers, Wellington Plaza complex, Boo Begum St, Border Thorram, LGN Rd, Begum sahib St, GP lane, Gopal Dass Rd, V N Doss St, Mohandoss Rd, Subarayan St, Subedhral 1st St, Syed Abdullah St, Samy Achari St, Nainiyaapan St, Bangaru Naicken St, Kupppu Muthu St, Wallers Rd, Dams Rd, Karim Mohideen St, 1 to 5th St, Tarapore Towers, Dhun Building, Saradas Silks &amp; Emporium, Head Post Office at Anna salai, (opp Sdhanthi Theater), Anna Rd HPO office, Blackers Rd, Bata showroom.Sowcarpet West: Ramanujam St, Vinayaga Muthali St, Thambinayakan St, Muniyappa St, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu St, Mannady, Wall Tax Rd, Wood Warf St, Amman Koil St, Telegraph Abbai St, North Wall Rd, Annapillai St, Palliappan St, Mullaha Sahib St, Perumal Mudhali St, Narayana Mudhali St, St Muthaiah St, Goodown St, Govindhappa St, Mint St, Thulasingam St, Periya Naicken St, Chinna Naicken St, NSC Bose Rd, General Muthaiah St, TV Basin St, PKG, Thandavarayan St, Arunachalam St, Thirupalli St, K N Agraharam, Layor Chinna Thambi St, K N Tank Rd, Petha Naicken St, Iron Manga St, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa St, Murukappa St, Ela Kanthappa St, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan St, Vengatrayan St, Ramanan Rd, Audhiyappa St, Vaikunda Vaithiyar St, Kalathipillai St, Irulappan St, Elephant Gate St, Chandrappa St, Ayya Mudhali Street, Basin Water Works Street, Kalyanapuram.Nandaman: Prithivi Avenue, Bawa Rd, Lambath Avenue, RA Puram, Boat Club, St Marars Rd, Part of - Alwarpet, Kottur, Adyar, Indra Nagar, LB Road, Kotturpuram.T Nagar Central: Melony Rd, South Boag Road, Thomas Road, Prem Nagar colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11866137", "title": "Their garden is not just that", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Garden of Harneet Singh, who is into business of iron and steel, works like jack of all trades. From being an aesthetic centre, a centre for meditation, for morning walk and sports like badminton , it serves many purposes. If Harneet loves to walk in it, her daughter and daughter-in-law love to play badminton.Says 45-year-old Jaipreet Kaur, his wife, a homemaker, \"Our garden which measures 600 square yards serves many purposes. My husband uses it for half an hour for his morning walk, as he loves the touch of dew when he walks barefoot. My daughter-in-law Dr Sehleen Kaur, a dentist, and my daughter Jaineet Kaur, who is pursuing MBA, also love to walk on the 100 metre walking track and play badminton.\"She adds, \"My son, Sumit Sidhana, who is a businessman, also feels good in the company of trees and plants in the garden. I walk and do meditation in it regularly. We all also enjoy tea in the garden. It rejuvenates our soul and de-stresses us.\"She adds they have large variety of ornamental plants and flowers in their garden such as variety of palms like bottle palms, areca palms, money plants, aurocaria and bamboo plants.\"We also have wide variety of roses, including red, yellow, pink, white and orange and different colours of bougainvillea like red, white and pink. We also have two mango trees and a grapevine. The flowers in our garden include marigold, chrysanthemum and poppy flowers,\" she says further.They have employed a gardener, who works for five hours a day, for maintenance of garden.Sehleen says, \"Our garden is our life. We walk and play in the garden as it is good for physical fitness. We also have a yogshala for meditation in the garden.\"Jaineet adds, \"The sight of garden in the morning refreshes the soul and one feels happy throughout the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaunpur", "code": "11867413", "title": "Migrants\u2019 money meets mafia power", "text": "JAUNPUR: The sex ratio of the district (1018 female per 1000 male) can give complex to any developed region of the country. But, it hides more than it reveals. This ration, in fact, is the result of large-scale migration of male population to the Metros and Gulf countries after sources of livelihood totally dried up.The district, like many other in the eastern UP, thrives on remittances. The moneyorder shot has also boosted standard of living up to certain extent. Move just five kilometres from Guraini Bazar on Shahganj Road and one can witness a cluster of luxurious houses and big departmental store in Manikpur. Out of a population of over 25,000 in Manikpur , more than 1000 male members have migrated to the Gulf countries. A similar migration pattern of male members is visible in neighbouring Bhadethi locality, where the population is about 5,000.The people in these clusters do not disclose the income of their earning members as well as the route of money transfer. But, a cursory look of these areas and quality of household articles available at local departmental store is sufficient to reveal the change in living standard of these people. However, those living in other parts of this big district , even those families whose male members are staying in cities like Mumbai for a better earning, are not as lucky as the natives of these areas.The reason why this district has been witnessing migration of lakhs of people, including skilled labourers, can be understood by viewing the pathetic condition of the industrial estates created in Trilochan Mahadeo (on Varanasi border) area and also in Mariyahu assembly area (on Bhadohi border). Here you can only find rare industries operating.Bhagwati Prasad Dubey, an elderly native of Maniyahu Bazar, said only acquiring land to declare industrial estate was not enough for industrial growth that could generate employment locally. To attract the industrialists, good infrastructure and better power scene were required . Giving more reasons for the large-scale migration of people, Jaideo said the size of families were increasing with the time due to which dependency on farming was not enough to fulfill all the requirements of modern day living, including better education.The Mariyahu constituency is witnessing an amusing contest in which sharp shooter-turned-mafia don Prem Prakash alias Munna Bajrangi is facing a battery of virtually all-women opponents. Munna Bajrangi is locked in Ahmedabad jail and contesting election without being coming out. Contesting on Apna Dal ticket, he is facing Malti Dubey of BJP. Her husband was murdered several years back in a shootout and Bajrangi was also one of the accused in the case. He was later acquitted. Now, Dubey is seeking justice from voters. Other women candidates in the fray are SP's Sharddha Yadav and BSP's Savitri Patel.Mariyahu is being talked about because of the presence of mafia don, but people generally are not as afraid while talking about their voting preferences as their counterparts in the neighbouring Malhani. Here Jaunpur MP, mafia-turned-politician Dhananjay Singh has fielded his wife Jagriti as an Independent . His traditional seat Rari, from where his father won last time on BSP ticket, doesn't exist . The party also denied ticket to him and Dhananjay was sacked from the BSP.The don's family is facing a tough challenge from SP's Parasnath Yadav. The former MP lost to Dhananjay in the 2009 LS poll, so is desperate to make the score even. The nomination of Bharatiya Janata Party's Pramod Yadav has been cancelled. However, 14 other candidates, including Panini Singh of Bahujan Samaj Party and Amit Yadav of Rashtriya Lok Dal, are in the fray.Although many eastern UP districts have seen migration of male population, Jaunpur is luckier the people who have migrated from this district in the past decades have made good earnings by staying in cities like Mumbai, ensured investment, especially in the field of higher education . Due to this, the literacy level in this district is also better (73.66%). But, except for education sector, no similar growth is visible in other fields.Roads in good shape can be found in limited parts of the city but the huge network of roads including national and state highways that connect all parts of the district with headquarters are lying in a pathetic condition. Vijayram Yadav at Rampur said for the past two years, he had been noticing only patch work on the highway. The rural masses had also complaint that they got power supply for six hours only.Despite all these ground realities and difficulties in day to day life, people here are not ready to consider that any of these developmental issues would decide who should be voted to power. For them, caste, personality and party would play the deciding factors . Like Ramji Verma said: \"After 1989, people stopped thinking about developmental issues.The present political scene, especially in this region , shows the trend of voting , which is on the basis of caste and community equations , personality of individual politician and also the party would continue for more than a decade now.\" Prabhunath Mishra of Sikrara said when everyone spoke about favouring the candidate of their caste; it became a compulsion even for educated people to think on the same lines.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865433", "title": "PMO push for free drugs at govt hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Free medicines to all patients visiting any government health facility across the country could soon be a reality with the health ministry ready to roll out a nearly Rs 30,000 crore 'free-medicines-for-all' scheme with the PMO's strong backing.The free medicine initiative along with an expansion of the National Rural Health Mission to urban areas, a more district-oriented approach and implementation of recommendations of the K Srinath Reddy committee on universal health coverage will be important focus points of UPA-2's health policy. The scheme is also expected to be strongly backed by the Sonia Gandhi-chaired NAC at a meeting on February 17.At a meeting chaired by Pulok Chatterjee, principal secretary to the PM, on Friday, the medicine-for-all scheme and other thrust areas got a thumbs up with PM Manmohan Singh keen to roll out health sector initiatives. The medicine proposal will help cut India's tremendously high out-of-pocket (OOP) expenditure on health care.Speaking to TOI, a ministry official said, \"We are ready to roll out the scheme which will provide free generic medicines to all those who visit government health care facilities across the country. This will reduce OOP expenditure and also encourage more people to visit government health facilities. However, we can't make the announcement now with the elections on as it would violate EC guidelines.\"Instead of increasing public spending on drug procurement when millions of Indian households have no access to medicines, several large states have decreased fund allocation. Consider the case of Kerala. Even though the state spent the highest in India on drug procurement last year - 12.5% of its health expenditure - the expense was significantly less than in 2001, when it stood at 17%.\"We estimate that an increase in the public procurement of medicines from around 0.1% to 0.5% of GDP will ensure universal access to essential drugs, greatly reduce the burden on private OOP expenditures and increase the financial protection for households,\" a report has said. Drug prices have shot up phenomenally in India over the past decade and a half. This has been the main reason for the rising costs of medical care, which more than tripled between 1993-94 and 2006-07.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865531", "title": "Aditya in (road)show of strength", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena youth leader Aditya Thackeray's roadshow in the city on Sunday to campaign for party candidates for elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on February 16 received an overwhelming response. Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray had kickstarted the campaign in Nashik city on February 10, conducting public rallies at three locations.His son Aditya, head of the Sena's youth wing, the Yuva Sena, conducted roadshows in all the Panchavati, Nashik (E), Nashik (W), Satpur, Cidco and Nashik divisions. Aditya's roadshow was in an open jeep, while Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray had conducted his on February 9 and 12 in the city from the confines of his car, coming out only occasionally, which had invited criticism.The crowds that had gathered for Aditya mainly comprised youngsters who blocked roads along the route. At every stop, slogans and the sound of fire-crackers reverberated in the air.The roadshow began at the Shiv Sena central office in Shalimar at 11.30am and proceeded to Main Road, Raviwar Karanja, Panchavati Karanja, Krishna Nagar, Bidi Kamgar Nagar, Konark Nagar, Hirawadi, Makhmalabadgaon, Hanumanwadi, Ramwadi, Chopda Lawan, Chintamani Karyalay, Gangapurgaon, Shivaji Nagar, Satpur, Kamatwade and Divya Adlab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11866148", "title": "Cabinet revamp after budget: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said he will expand his cabinet after the state budget session.The session is scheduled in the second week of March. Gowda's council of ministers is 10 short of the sanctioned strength of 34.The CM, who is currently holding additional charge of 16 ministries, said he wouldn't like to hold any portfolio other than finance.On how he is doing justice to all the 16 ministries he's in charge of, Gowda said if there is political will anything is possible. \"I have made notes of the requirements of all departments (under me). I will convene a meeting of principal secretaries of these departments on Monday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11872707", "title": "Centenary Celebrations", "text": "KOLKATA: On January 25, Governor of West Bengal, M K Narayanan initiated the centenary celebration at the St Pauls Boarding and Day School by lighting the inaugural lamp.Also present were Right Reverand Salvadore Lobo, Sister Maria Vianney, provincial superior, Daughter of the Cross, Firhad Hakim, urban development and municipal affairs minister, Nizamuddin Shams, local counselor (ward 77), Michael Shane Calvert, MLA for Anglo-Indian Committee and Swami Suddhananda Giri.Narayanan congratulated the school on turning hundred. He encouraged those associated with the school to reminisce and express gratitude towards all those who have contributed towards upholding the legacy for such a commendable period of time.The progress of any country is proportionately dependant upon the quality of the imparted education. Savour what you receive here because not many schools can boast of the superior standing quality as this, value the institution as it is your civilisational heritage, advised Narayanan.The speech was followed by a Mass and a short felicitation ceremony. Anupam Roy, an ex-student of the alma mater and a renowned musician performed at a musical ceremony in the evening. The programme was conducted at the school ground itself and was attended by present and ex-students, teachers, parents and well-wishers.The principal, Sister Philomena Kundukulam FC in her speech threw light upon the community services, the school is associated with. We are striving to establish a multi-faceted institution that would create socially aware individuals. Our aim is to pick the positive from the past and implement it to garner a bright future. We have also pledged to construct toilets and illuminate the lives of 25 less privileged families. Furthermore we have undertaken a promise to educate 25 under privileged girls so that tomorrow they find an avenue of opportunities open for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11865725", "title": "Polls bring Ganjam workers home", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Thousands of Odia migrant workers, working outside the state, are returning in large numbers to their villages in Ganjam district to cast their franchise in the three-tier panchayat elections that started from Saturday.Chaotic scene were witnessed at railway stations in Berhampur, Keshapur and Chhatrapur in the district as the workers tumbled out in hordes from Okha-Puri and Ahmedabad-Puri trains arriving at the stations.\"We have come to exercise our franchise in the panchayat election,\" said a group of Polasara bound youth, while they were waiting to board buses at the new bus stand here. \"One of my friends is contesting for the post of sarpanch in Sheragada block. On his request I came to participate in the election,\" said Bipra Charan Gouda from Kodala.Kalu Pradhan, who works in a diamond cutting factory in Ahmadabad, said he has coming to cast his vote because his sister is contesting for the post of samiti member in a panchayat in Sorada block. \"No one will dare to cast proxy votes for us when we are present in the village,\" Pradhan said.The sudden influx of people in rural areas is posing a challenge for police who are apprehending the workers' presence may cause tension in the poll-bound villages. \"We are taking all precautionary measures for trouble-free elections,\" said a senior police officer.Around 10 lakh people from Ganjam are working outside the state, a majority of them employed in textile mills in Surat, Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mirzapur", "code": "11866755", "title": "Maya statues harm state, BSP votes", "text": "MIRZAPUR: The verdict is clear in the sandstone countryside: Mayawati's statues made the mango trees stop bearing fruit and the children cough.Sheared hills of pink sandstone drape the 200-km stretch of the Vindhya Ranges in this eastern UP mining hub, where hoards of contractors and thousands of labourers descended in 2007 to seize a government bonanza. That was when the Mayawati government began sourcing stone to be used in parks, monuments - and the CM's own statues.It was an opportunity for many in the poor region. But after the government orders stopped in November 2008 and action shifted to Rajasthan, the rush to carve out the Mirzapur stone left agriculture devastated,livelihoods affected,people sick and the environment polluted, residents say.\"Wherever the crushers' dust settles , trees go barren. Children can't breathe. People get lung ailments,\" says Lal Bahadur Singh, president, Stone Traders' Association. \"Government illegally allowed crushers in inhabited areas. This destroyed agriculture .Workers are upset their livelihood was snatched and work shifted to Rajasthan.\" The rage is set to impact the polls, where BSP stands to lose its dominating influence.The party won three of the five seats in Mirzapur district in 2007. \"I've voted for BSP for 10 years. But this time, villagers say they'll vote for anyone but BSP,\"says Raja Ram,a 40-year old stone crusher.While it lasted, everyone seemed to be making money. Local wages went up. The town from which stones travelled in the 19th and 20th centuries up to Nepal and Tibet was reliving forgotten glory. \"Thousands of labourers cut stone and made money , but most were from other states. What did we get?\" Ram says. About 20,000 labourers got work every day and made money. Workers from other states dislodged them, fuelling anger. It was a warlike operation to break gigantic blocks up to 700-tonnes of stone in 15-foot high slabs. These were used in elephant statues. Each stone slab was loaded onto trucks and sent to Bayana in Rajasthan to be chiselled and brought back to Lucknow-a practice indicted by CAG.Suddenly, mine millionaires sprang up, roaming the area in SUVs with BSP flags. The mining and crushing plants violated a Supreme Court order that mandated that mining in Mirzapur could be done only by locals-and that it could be done in remote areas, not in residential clusters. Water was being pumped day and night for the crushing plants, scooping out 1,000 litres every 15 minutes. The region has at least 70 such plants. \"Until five years ago, we used to get water at five feet. Now, it's 25 feet,\" says Ram Sharan Patel, 56, of Dhuriya village. One day, it all ended. The state decided to order stones from Rajasthan. The sudden prosperity vanished, leaving behind a wounded land.As election season set in and local mining millionaires sensed the direction of the political wind, BSP's flags came down from the SUVs. Now, residents say the ruling party will have a political price to pay.Neelesh Misra is a journalist, author &amp; Bollywood lyricistElections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858554", "title": "Surprise your Valentine", "text": "Everyone who's ever been in love will agree that being in love is undoubtedly one of the most wonderful feelings ever. And with the month of love being here, there's no better time to express how you feel except now.So even if you're not a 'Valentine Day person,' go with the swing this time and may be this year will change your mind.If your partner seems too busy to plan out something, why not make one yourself and surprise your lover. Here are a few ways to do so.A walk down your memory lane If you've spent some beautiful years with your partner, which has left you with millions of moments to cherish, why not relive them again. Plan a day out with your partner taking him/her to the coffee shop you'll always met at, followed by a movie you both adore, or a play you'll always wanted to catch up on. Leave sweet nothing along the way. Perhaps a jacket she really liked at a nearby shop, or a DVD he mentioned he could never find in the stores.Take him for a stroll to the street where he first asked you out. Or take her to the beach where she first clung on to your hand.On the shores If you're an absolute romantic and have probably saved up for this day, here's a plan you both will love. While a beach is one of the most romantic places for lovers, unfortunately you really can't enjoy your privacy at any beach in Mumbai. Fret not! If you can't be by the shore, be on the shore. Hire a cruise and head on for a short ride. Make it more special with a candle light dinner and some music. With the beautiful weather prevalent in the city, a date on a cruise will make you fall in love again.Massages Come Valentine's Day and you have spas and massage centers offering several discounts on couple massages. Check up and take an appointment for one your sure your partner will love. Too shy to head out for it? Why not create the perfect ambience for it at home. Chose your own ingredients to make your scrub - a sugar and honey one, or a dark chocolate treat.Personalise it There usually is always something that is of common interest. One of the best ways to celebrate Valentine's Day is to celebrate that thing that connects you two. If you like trekking, head out for a trek together, or opt for some water sports if that's your preference. If you both love to dance, book a studio for a day and dance till your feet ache. A musical concert is great for those who adore the beats. We know your partner loves you for who you are, but you surely do want to look perfect in the image your lover carries of this day, right? Besides, that little extra care on grooming wouldn't hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11866351", "title": "Citizens\u2019 candidate goes his own way", "text": "MUMBAI: Dissension in political parties has been the norm in the run-up to the BMC election. But, in a first, an independent candidate has chosen to disassociate himself from a citizens' platform whose support he had received.Floyd D'souza, whose nomination from ward number 84 in Kalina was endorsed by Mumbai 227 (the largest citizen candidates' forum for the civic poll), told TOI on Sunday that he has distanced himself from the forum. D'souza ascribed the turnaround to \"loss of faith\" in the forum.A developer and a fitness centre owner, D'souza is disappointed that another independent citizens' candidate, Cynthia Fernandez-whose candidature from neighbouring ward number 83 was also endorsed by the Mumbai 227-opted to join the Lok Satta Party and contest from ward number 84. \"This only hurts the chances of a citizens' candidate victory,\" D'souza said.According to Mumbai 227 functionaries, D'souza was one of the 16 \"ace candidates\" endorsed by the platform who have a fair chance of winning. The forum has supported 53 independents in all. D'souza had gone through the entire selection process of Mumbai 227, including interviews and background checks, before his candidature was backed.While D'souza maintained that he had informed Mumbai 227 of his decision, the forum's spokesperson Santosh Awatramani said he was unaware of the development. Awatramani said the platform will continue to support D'souza since he is a \"good candidate\". \"Our main purpose was to provide a platform for good independent candidates. We will continue to support his candidature and be there for him whenever required.\"Local observers pointed out that a political party had applied pressure to get D'souza to withdraw his nomination. The Congress won the seat in the 2007 poll. With more than two strong candidates, the seat is expected to be a close fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865266", "title": "Corrupt corporation \u2018worries\u2019 Pawar, CM", "text": "Both NCP president Sharad Pawar and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan are now raising the issue of corruption in the Shiv Sena-controlled BMC. In fact, they have assured Mumbaikars that if the Congress-NCP gains control over the BMC, the government will order a probe into the irregularities there.The question is what prevented them from doing so all this while, as the Congress-NCP is in power in Maharashtra since 1999. A top bureaucrat claims though the saffron combine is in power at the BMC, the corporation is controlled by government-appointed babus. Under the BMC Act, barring the standing committee chairman, the mayor and heads of statutory committees have little financial or regulatory powers.The BMC has five IAS officers nominated by the CM - the municipal commissioner and four additional commissioners. Prima facie, it appears that there is rampant corruption in the BMC owing to the failure of the IAS officers. A senior Congress minister says in the last 10 years, not a single municipal commissioner or his deputy has submitted a default report. As state government nominees on the BMC, it was their responsibility to bring irregularities to the notice of either the chief secretary or the CM.Small beginningsIPS officer Prem Kishan Jain has embarked on a new kind of policing. Jain stays in 'Yashodhan', one of the most prestigious apartments in South Mumbai, across the Cricket Club of India. It also houses senior bureaucrats like public health secretary Bhushan Gagrani, law secretary Vijay Kumar Achaliya, the CM's secretary Ashish Singh and his wife, environment secretary Valsa Nair-Singh.Jain found while IAS and IPS officials directly responsible for the smooth running of the administration, live in 'Yashodhan', there was a lack of cleanliness in the building's high-ranking occupants and their domestic helps.Jain then himself took on the task of restoring some order and installed CCTVs on the ground and sixth floors. He says after the installation of the CCTV on the ground floor, people have at least stopped spitting on the staircase. Till then, all the building's occupants used to complain about its lack of cleanliness, but were reluctant to take any action on the matter. Now, Jain has shown them the way.Lifetime experienceFor 400 students of schools in Naxal-infested Gadchiroli district, it was a lifetime experience when they boarded a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation bus for the first time, thanks to home minister R R Patil, the district's guardian minister.Patil found that these students had not even visited the district headquarters. He felt if funds with the district planning and development council could be utilized, the tribal students will be able to travel outside Gadchiroli. Taking advantage of a scheme providing financial assistance to poor students, Patil drafted a 'Maharashtra darshan' scheme for the students.The students were taken to Aurangabad, Pune, Nashik and Mumbai. Now, their approach towards learning has changed drastically.Patil now plans to implement the scheme in the entire district in phases, benefitting over 10,000 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11864839", "title": "Corporation struggling to treat waste", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Garbage piles will continue to be an irritant for households despite the corporation resuming waste-collection in the city. The corporation has clearly hinted that homes, flats and residential apartments will have to process the waste generated by them on their own at least for the next two months.Even though the corporation had in October declared that it would set up 2,000 biogas plants in 15 selected wards in the city, it has been able to install only 20 till date.The civic body's decision to set up two lakh ring compost units also did not take off as expected owing to a dispute between the corporation and Suchitwa Mission over the length of the pipe required for the compost units.To add to this, the five NGOs entrusted with the task of setting up the biogas plants pulled out of the project saying the amount agreed upon for their installation should be revised.The NGOs had agreed to set up the plants at Rs 6,500 for a 0.5 cu m capacity unit and Rs 10,000 for a 1 cu m capacity unit by December. Although the corporation received a good number of applications from the residents for the setting up of the plants, the scheme did not take off.S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee, however exuded confidence. \"We have settled the confusion over the length of the pipe. One lakh ring compost units will be set up by March. As for the NGOs, they have agreed to install the plants at the rate promised earlier. The corporation has issued new work orders,\" she said.NGOs, however, beg to differ. \"We installed 20 plants at Muttada at a low rate. We cannot do the same in the rest of the wards at that rate,\" said an official with one of the NGOs. He said the plants which were installed at a cost of Rs 6,500 cost them around Rs 9,000.Out of the five NGOs, two have withdrawn the proposals, citing loss. Another NGO said that they are yet to receive the work order from corporation.\"The scheme was announced in October. We are still waiting to get an official work order from the corporation without which nothing can be done,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11867033", "title": "Wild animals on prowl in Himachal, leopard kills 9-yr-old boy", "text": "SHIMLA: Heavy snowfall on the higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh has forced the wild animals to climb down to lower areas closure to human habitation in search of food leading to man-animal conflict. A leopard on Friday night killed a nine-year-old boy in Nankhari area of Shimla district and a leopard cub created panic in Patlikuhal area of Kullu district after it entered a house and later caught by forest officials.Killing of Manjeet Kumar (9) by wild animals has left the residents of Majholi village in Nankhari area of Shimla district worried, as leopard is on a prowl in the area. According to sources, Manjeet was playing outside the house when leopard attacked him and dragged the boy and when the family members raised the alarm but of no avail. Forest officials later recovered the mutilated body of boy.This is not first such incident in Nankhari area, last year in October, a two-and-half-year-old girl was killed by a leopard. On September 18 last year, Prem Chand (16) and his sister Pushpa Devi (12) of Gadgalchua village in Dalash area were killed by a bear. So far, around half a dozen incidents have been reported in the area. As in the villages people rear sheep and goat for their use, leopards come in search and many a time end up attacking human beings.\"Due to heavy snow in the upper reaches of Shimla district, wild animals have come closer to human habitation in search of food as people in the villages rear sheep and goat. People are worried about their safety and are not venturing out during night hours due to fear of attack, \" said Chander Kumar, a resident of Delath.In Kullu district too, wild animals have climbed down to human habitation after fresh spell snowfall in the higher reaches. In Bari village near Patlikuhal area of Kullu district, a leopard entered the house of Lal Chand that left the villagers terrified. Later, forest officials after much effort caught the wild animals and luckily no one was hurt.Shamsher Singh, a local resident said, after snowfall wild animals are being spotted closer to villages leading to fear among people. \"This time state has witnessed heavy snow that has even forced the wild animals to migrate from their natural habitats,\" he added..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864911", "title": "New manifesto, old promises", "text": "NAGPUR: With three days to go for the NMC polls, the mega alliance of BJP-Sena-RPI (A) has unveiled its manifesto. Barring a few new proposals, all promises were also part of the 2007 manifesto, which have remained unfulfilled even though the parties have been in power.Remarking on the assurance by Congress-NCP to make the city Singapore, state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar said the mega alliance will make the city a better place, so Singapore will try to emulate Nagpur.\"Congress and NCP are engaged in wooing voters with their financial strength. After the state exchequer, these parties have an eye on the coffers of civic bodies. Even deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar is threatening to stop releasing funds if NCP is not voted to power in the civic elections. BJP, in association with Sena and RPI (A), will stop such parties,\" he said.In its 19-point manifesto, the mega alliance has vowed to establish metro rail and increase Starbuses for improving public transport. Prominent among the new assurances include international expo centre on the lines of Noida, integrated sewage plan with the help of Union and state governments, decentralization of dumpyard and deletion of dumpyard reservation on undeveloped land at Bhandewadi and Chikhli Khurd, English medium schools, mobile pathology, Dhobi ghat etc.However, the manifesto has given a miss to some old promises, like making the city bin-free, 500MW power plant to get rid of load-shedding, street light strengthening, tourism information centre, plantation of 5 lakh trees and distribution of orange saplings to every household, completion of outer ring road, increasing revenue from property tax with the help of better mapping, and roaming dispensaries.Replying to BJP's failure to establish a power plant, MLA and state BJP general secretary Devendra Fadnavis said the city has got rid of load-shedding without it.\"We came up with zero load-shedding proposal. NMC had started preparing green bricks for power generation from waste,\" he said.The unfulfilled promises that are still on the manifesto include 24X7 water supply in entire city, beautification of Nag and Pilli rivers along with lakes, 135km cement roads at a cost of Rs 300 crore, Dr Ambedkar Janmashatabdi Smarak, Suresh Bhat Auditorium, English medium schools, sickle cell free city, hawkers zone, multiplex parking on BOT basis, modern vegetable and mutton/fish markets, traffic system on green fuel and CNG, regularization and development of 60,000 plots, CCTV cameras in main areas, landscapes on footpath after removing encroachments, self-employment camps for youths and malls for women.City BJP chief Anil Sole, district Shiv Sena chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe, general secretary of RPI (A) Bhupesh Thulkar, MLAs Sudhakar Deshmukh, Vikas Kumbhare, ex-mayor Kalpana Pandey, Pravin Datke and Sandip Joshi were among the many leaders were present.'BJP to demand inquiry into Rs 1 crore case'Expecting some political mileage from the case, state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar has said the BJP would officially demand that the State Election Commission (SEC) conduct an enquiry into the Rs 1 crore cash seized at Amravati.Mungantiwar alleged the car carrying the cash was in the convoy of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. \"The car was from Nagpur and linked to a minister of state. Police may not investigate the case properly due to political pressure. Therefore, the SEC will be requested to conduct a probe,\" he said.Asked about the 24X7 water supply project advertisement row, Mungantiwar said there is nothing left in the case. \"Three days are left for the polling. The demand to freeze symbol has not been taken up or heard,\" he said.However, BJP leaders have failed to justify fielding of candidates with criminal background like Anil Dhawade. \"BJP's list of candidates is far better than other parties,\" said Devendra Fadnavis.Mungantiwar further said BJP will launch an agitation if the Congress fails to sack union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh . \"Court has made it clear that land was given to film director Subhash Ghai at throwaway price. Deshmukh had committed fraud to make way for his son into films,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865086", "title": "Sport has positive impact on students", "text": "VARANASI: \"We need to come out of the misconception that sport puts a break in the progress of studies,\" said Prof. BC Kapari, head, department of physical education, on the concluding day of two-day national seminar on 'role of music and sports in education and mental health of children', organised by faculty of education, BHU on Sunday.Emphasising on the role of sports for all-round development of students, the senior professor of physical education explained that research studies in the department had already shown that both indoor and outdoor games had positive impact on intelligent quotient (IQ) as well as mental development of children in the young age. \"It is said that learn to move for moving to learn which indicates direct relationship between physical and mental development. In addition, indulging in sports help children to gain physical strength and some of the indoor games including chess actually help build thinking and logical interpretation and shills in children,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that Prof Kapari has submitted a proposal to CBSE for inclusion of indoor games especially chess in the curriculum to help mental growth and development of school children. Saying that it hurt that a number of schools still did not give preference to playgrounds and only focus on buildings, he emphasised that only making sport as compulsory subject in school education would not help unless we came up with adequate infrastructural facilities like playgrounds and qualified sports teachers to nurture schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11866638", "title": "Most ICTCs are not serving the purpose", "text": "HUBLI: The Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTCs), envisaged as centres to assist people with HIV deal with psychological trauma and stress have failed to serve their purpose.A survey conducted in ICTCs in 11 districts by Karnataka Sexual Minorities Forum and Aneka, an NGO, to assess their functioning style says none of the centers are counselling people who approach them for blood tests or to those who are tested positive.According to the rules the centres should provide couselling for those approaching them for blood tests before and after the test. However, the survey found out that most ICTCs in Dharwad, Belgaum, Gulbarga, Bangalore Rural, Bangalore City, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, Charamarajnagar, Gulbarga, Bagalkot, Raichur, and Koppal lacked basic facilities and enough counsellors to match the increasing number of visitors.Mallappa Kumbar, state coordinator of the NGO, who headed the survey teams, said, \"If a person is tested positive for HIV, he or she must be given counselling to boost their confidence and to motivate them to take proper treatment at Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) centres. However, it is not happening in any ICTCs. After blood test, they blindly refer people to ART centres.\"The survey also revealed that CD4 test for taking the count of white blood cells, which has to be conducted on HIV patients in every six months, is not being carried out regularly in most ART centres.\"These centres are also demanding voter ID cards, ration cards etc to admit or provide medicines to sexual minorities. As most of the sexual minorities will often migrate from one place to other, they usually will not have any such documents. The government should look into this problem,\" he added.The NGO has published the survey reports in a book titled \"Chasing Numbers, Betray People\" to create awareness about the condition of ICTCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871149", "title": "Vivek Oberoi comforts Charmi in a love-making scene", "text": "Even as Vivek Oberoi says that he is not comfortable doing kissing or love-making scenes, the actor has ended up doing steamy scenes in his upcoming films Zilla Ghaziabad and Kismet, Luv, Paisa, Dilli (KLPD).In his last release, Prince , too, Vivek had hot smooching scenes with Aruna Shields . \"\"I am a shy kind of a guy. I find it damn funny when I havse to take my clothes off,\"\" he said recently in an interview. And interestingly, it is his heroines - Mallika (in KLPD )and Aruna, who made him feel comfortable while performing those steamy scenes.But, we guess Vivek has now prepared himself for such scenes, and for a change this time Vivek has made his heroine Charmi feel comfortable while doing a love-making scene in Zilla Ghaziabad . For over 50 films old Charmi, who has been mostly seen in Telugu cinema, doing such scenes with her screen husband Vivek was a tough one.In her second Bollywood film, Zilla Ghaziabad a cop-drama based in the heartland of India that will release in the first half this year, \"the situation demanded and it was justifed\" for Charmi to romance Vivek in a song sequence. However, she developed cold feet and shedding inhibitions became difficult for the actress as the shooting day drew closer as she had never done a love-making scene in her decade old career. \"Vivek knew this and he put me at ease. It was switch on, switch off for him. He is a thorough professional,\" chirps Charmi.The particular shot will be just about a minute long on screen, but it took about six to seven hours to be filmed. Interestingly, Vivek's wife Priyanka and his parents were present in Panchgani where the sequence was shot few months back since it was Vivek's birthday around that time. \"I had a chat with his wife, she was pretty chilled out about it,\" says Charmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11865949", "title": "Theatre-loving kids to get 'wings'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's drama time for children as city gets \" Wings\", a theatre academy for children which will begin from March at St Kabir School in Sector 26, Chandigarh. Open to students of classes I and above, this academy is an initiative to bring in the culture of children theatre to the city.For enrolling into these classes children will be divided in three groups according to their age. First group will consist of students from classes I to IV, second would have children from classes V to VIII and third will have children from classes IX and above.Zubin Mehta , who is starting the academy in city, said, \"Unlike Delhi and Mumbai, Chandigarh, does not have a culture of children theatre and this academy is an initiative to do the same. We want to provide a platform to children to showcase their talent. St Kabir School has given me their auditorium to start the academy after school hours. Initially, we will have classes on three days in a week and depending upon the response we will increase the number of days. We will start the classes from March 4.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865284", "title": "Who will voters favour this time?", "text": "VARANASI: The strategically planned election campaigns by the political parties and candidates for the third phase of assembly polls will surely end by Monday afternoon, but the voters have left everyone guessing about their mood.For the past fortnight, the city saw the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party trying their best to regain their past glory while parties like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party held limited shows. The pattern of holding small public meetings adopted by the BJP since 2009 parliamentary election was maintained during the assembly poll electioneering. It made very clear that the BJP still believed that holding grand shows on the pattern of BSP and SP were not possible for it due to the lifestyle of the people considered as its support base. The same fact was evident when the BJP held public meetings of even its president Nitin Gadkari, leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitely and former president Rajnath Singh on a smaller scale.Contrary to it, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi utilised his image to pull crowd, though his public meetings took place only at those places where the prospect of party candidates was considered bright. Whether the shows of Rahul would yield any positive result for the Congress, especially in winning the confidence of Muslim vote bank, would become clear after the poll results only. But the fact cannot be denied that his shows have increased worries of rivals who also try to woo the same vote bank. The Congress not only depended on Rahul but also organised impressive road shows with popular faces like actress Zeenat Amaan and film maker Mahesh Bhatt.The SP's campaign was kicked started by its supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav at his favourit Beniabagh ground. And, the party's state president Akhilesh Singh Yadav concluded the electioneering by holding his election meeting at Yadav-dominated Seer Gowardhan on Sunday. The strategy of this party, especially in city area, remained focused on relying on its organisation instead of indulging in pomp and show.The BSP supremo held a single show in pure rural belt on the border of Varanasi and Chandauli at Gaura Kala. But this lone show of strength was sufficient to leave the opponents sweating. This election meeting of Mayawati also made it clear that even after surprise increase in the percentage of voting, if parties like BJP and Congress succeeded in improving their performances, reducing the size of her party in this region would remain a difficult task.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11864998", "title": "Key battles in West Nagpur", "text": "Cong infighting shows up in Civil LinesThis ward is witnessing a three-cornered contest for both seats. Sitting corporator Pragati Patil, wife of city NCP president Ajay Patil, Congress rebel Rajeshree Jichkar, and Rupali, a relative of sitting BJP corporator Preeti Shivhare, are in the fray from one seat. Congress rebel and sitting corporator Kusum Ghate, Deva Usare (Cong) and Rajesh Tambe (BJP) are contesting from the other.The situation is extremely complicated in this ward. There are rumours that AICC secretary Anees Ahmed is covertly supporting independent Nishad Qureshi from the women's seat due to his strained relations with Patil. The BJP says that the division of Congress-NCP votes will help it. However, as the ward is dominated by Congress voters, Patil and Jichkar will get that advantage. Jichkar supporters claim that she is the most popular in Civil Lines proper.However, Usare has a criminal background, which may cost him votes in the middle class areas. There may be a division of SC votes on religious lines. Usare is a Buddhist, Tambe is a Hindu while Ghate is a Christian.H Gwalbanshi has the edge in DabhaTwo sitting corporators - Harish Gwalbanshi (NCP) and Kamlesh Chaudhari (Ind) - and Jagdish, husband of another sitting corporator Aruna Gwalbanshi, are in the fray from one of the seats. There are varying opinions as to who are the top two contenders, however, there is unanimity regarding Harish Gwalbanshi having an edge. Kamlesh Chaudhari has one disadvantage. Only a fraction of his existing ward is coming under Dabha ward.About 15,000 voters of Harish Gwalbanshi's existing ward and 13,500 voters of Aruna Gwalbanshi's ward are in the new Dabha ward. However, there are only 700 voters of Chaudhari's ward. He is trying to capitalize on his late father Dilip's popularity. There is a straight fight between Darshani Dhawad (Cong) and Sadhna Barde (BJP) from the other seat. Dhawad is a senior employee of one of the top vernacular dailies of the city.Independent levels field at MaharajbaghBJP was at a disadvantage in this seat. However, independent candidate Munna Pokulwar has made it a three-cornered contest. Congress has fielded Munna Ojha while BJP has fielded Sanjay Hejib. Pokulwar is campaigning that Ojha and Hejib are not residents of the ward even as these two are banking on the committed party votes. BJP feels that Pokulwar, who is from ST community, will wean away Congress votes. Pokulwar had won the election in 2002 on a BJP ticket, but was disqualified over validity of caste certificate.Congress leaders say that the party has a solid vote bank in the existing Maharajbagh and Sitabuldi wards. Rajesh Jargar had won from Sitabuldi in 2007 while Congress candidate Kishor Jichkar had lost by just 17 votes. The contest between Lata Yadav and Preetimala Jargar is a straight one and very tough. Yadav is getting support from Gawli community while Jargar and her husband won in 2002 and 2007, so they have a committed voter base.N Gwalbanshi is kingmaker in GorewadaEven though AICC secretary Anees Ahmed forced NCP corporator Nitish Gwalbanshi to opt out, his presence is being felt in the ward. His mother Nirmala is contesting as an independent from one seat while his close aide Syed Fazalullah is a candidate from the other.There is a three-cornered contest for the women's seat between sitting corporator Meena Barde (Cong), Nirmala Gwalbanshi and Meena Tidke (BJP). Barde and Nitish Gwalbanshi have a strong hold over the area. Barde had won in 2002 and 2007 while Gwalbanshi had polled around 20,000 votes in 2009 assembly elections. Tidke is hoping that the division in non-BJP votes will help her sail through.There is a straight contest between Syed Fazallulah (NCP) and Bhushan Shingne (BJP) on the other seat. BJP is banking on Hindu votes, which Gwalbanshi is also trying to secure for his aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872396", "title": "Enter the Dragon", "text": "There is little doubt that the economic balance of power has tipped eastwards in the past decade. In fact, the future business school of choice may not be in Massachusetts, London or Barcelona but in Shanghai, Hyderabad or SingaporeThe Chinese Year of the Dragon is reckoned to be a year for great deeds, innovative ideas and an advantageous time to begin new projects. Judging by the latest ranking of full-time MBA programmes by the Financial Times, business schools in the region were paying attention.Three schools from China made it to the top 100 for the first time, with the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) jumping in at number 28, to join Hong Kong UST and Shanghais CEIBS in the worlds top 30. Schools from Singapore also feature prominently, with the National University of Singapore making a dramatic entrance at number 23, with Nanyang Business School close behind.There is little doubt that the economic balance of power has tipped eastwards in the past decade. The harsh reality for the West is that the most exciting business opportunities of the next decade may emerge on the other side of the world, which raises the question whether the balance of world intellectual power may also be shifting. And the future business school of choice may not be in Massachusetts, London or Barcelona but in Shanghai, Hyderabad or Singapore.CHINESE MARKETAfter two years of working as a supply chain project manager in Shanghai, Rahul Bagde felt that he still didnt understand China that well. He applied to CEIBS, and has spent the last 18 months deepening his understanding of the countrys business environment. The combination of international faculty, an extensive alumni network, and guest speakers with insight into the Chinese market is invaluable. I am at a sweet spot where I want to spend this decade in China, which will help me for the following decade of Indian growth.Consistent GDP growth of between eight and 10% presents its own challenges for the next generation of globally-minded Indian professionals. Managers cannot rely on their own experience to keep up with the pace of change, says Didier Guillot, director of the OneMBA programme at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK). They want global thinking, regional perspectives, and insights that point to new trends and developments. We are committed to help them update their business and management knowledge, stay at the forefront of innovation, and build a career at the global level.Demand of OneMBA and other top MBA programmes in the region is certainly on the rise. Score reports for the Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT) used by business schools as part of the candidate selection process, indicate that in the past five years the number of applicants from China, India, Hong Kong and Singapore sending their test scores to schools in these countries has increased by an impressive 229%. At CEIBS, the percentage of non-Chinese students studying in the full-time MBA programme has increased from 2% in 2005 to 39% in 2011.And with six to 10 applicants for every place on the MBA programme, the top schools in Asia are matching the admissions selectivity of Harvard and Wharton, admittedly with considerably smaller class sizes. If the GMAT is any indication of student smarts, these schools can claim to attract a bright talent pool. Though not quite on a par with the likes of Stanford GSB, whose average GMAT score last year was 731, schools in Asia are edging closer, with a GMAT average around the 700 mark.COST FACTORWith growing concern that the tuition fees at many two-year programmes in the US are reaching unsustainable levels, a select number of schools in Asia make a strong case for an affordable top-tier MBA with an excellent return on investment. Graduates at Peking University this year reported a 201% increase over their pre-MBA salary. The 50 graduates in the universitys BiMBA programme, run jointly with Belgiums Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School, were offered positions by over 250 companies across a wide range of industries, including JP Morgan, AIG, Apple, Tata TCS and LVMH. With tuition and living expenses in these 18-month programmes at less than half the US equivalent, these schools are opening other career doors, rather than closing them.As might be expected, a growing number of Western business schools are responding to opportunities in the region by setting up their own campus or teaching location. INSEAD, Chicago Booth and ESSEC are now well established in Singapore, Western Ontario-Ivey has made a second home in Hong Kong, HEC Paris has entered the Beijing market, and Duke Universitys Fuqua is developing a campus in Shanghai.Such expansion provides these schools with their own direct access to Asian MBA recruiters, offers students a hands-on Asian learning experience, and provides faculty research and case study opportunities in the worlds most dynamic regional economy.By Matt Symonds (The writer is chief editor, MBA50.com)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865377", "title": "Rap for cop in SRA row probe", "text": "MUMBAI: A magistrate's court rapped a police officer for not conducting a fair probe into complaints of cheating and forgery in a redevelopment project in Kalachowki. Residents of Modi Seth chawl had alleged that the developer got the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) to declare the plot as a slum to enable redevelopment of 17,300 sq m of it under the SRA scheme.Based on a complaint filed by resident Sanjay Ambre, the magistrate of 15 court, Mazgaon directed the Kalachowki police station to register an FIR and probe the complaint in October 2011. On January 25, inspector Arun Inerkar of Kalachowki police station submitted his report and urged for dismissal of the complaint stating that there is no offence made out against the developer.However, magistrate S J Gharat refused to accept the report filed by Inerkar, the investigation officer.Last month, the complainant's advocate Dayanand Dere filed an application stating that Inerkar was compelling witnesses to give statements favouring the developer. The magistrate then directed Inerkar to accept only written statements and place a copy of it before the court. \"Inspite of the same, Inerkar has recorded the statement of complainant/witnesses as per his own choice and favouring the accused,\" Gharat stated in the order. Inerkar said the statements were given voluntarily.Ambre's complaint said residents in November 2010 entered into an agreement with Estque Finmark Pvt Ltd to redevelop the 30,000 sq m plot but chief promoter Hukumsingh Rajpurohit, at the behest of director Anuj Mehta, collected signatures to develop 17,300 sq m of it under the SRA scheme.Despite their protests, the SRA declared the plot a slum in March 2011 and granted the developer permission to redevelop. Through an Right to Information Act query, the residents got to know that 439 tenants signatures were submitted to the rehabilitation agency, however, signatures of deceased persons were in the list. They also accessed a letter written by Mehta urging the secretary of SRA to declare the plot a slum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864820", "title": "Communities, religion big in polls campaign", "text": "NAGPUR: Every party plays its vote bank politics in election time. NMC election is no exception. For major political parties it starts with the selection of candidates.Much care is taken in studying demographic profiles of every ward and then ensuring that only candidates amenable to the community dominating in that area are fielded.Arguably this pattern has been patented by the Congress, the country's oldest political party and what is worse is that every other party is just following it blindly. This fact was witnessed this time too as the Congress took days and innumerable rounds of talks to finalize the list of candidates because of this caste and community calculations.The BJP also went through a similar process. Appeasing leaders of minority and Dalit communities is what each party practices irrespective of tall claims of following secular and caste-free politics.While all this can legitimately pass off in the name of giving right representation in governance to every community, it is brazen violation of every code and ethics in wooing voters that is appalling.The belief that poor people living in slums can be easily influenced by allurements during the few days of electioneering is the basis of this practice widely prevalent among all parties and also independents.The strict code of conduct of election is circumvented smartly. Days before the code came into force, candidates from slum-dominated areas organized special pilgrimage tours to Shegaon, Shirdi and Shani Shingnapur. At least two candidates arranged dozens of such bus rides.For the last one week, it's a virtual food festival going on in slum areas of the city. Reports of liquor flowing freely at such dos are also doing the rounds.Sankranti coming a few days before the election helped several candidates who organized elaborate 'haldi-kumkum' ritual that was rounded off with small return gifts. One candidate in west Nagpur reportedly distributed 30,000 bangles in order to woo women voters.Then in the guise of enlisting volunteers, women from bastis are being offered Rs 100 an hour for accompanying the candidates during door-to-door campaigns in the locality. Sarees have also been distributed and rumours have it that even costlier freebies like mobile handsets were being offered to woo voters this time. One candidate who has a wholesale grain business is rumoured to be giving away 25kg grains to every voter family.Where money and freebies do not work, candidates are not averse to using muscle power. Congress as well as the BJP has each fielded a few with criminal cases ranging from murder, rioting to cheating.The fact that they were fielded despite several highly-qualified educated people applying for these parties' tickets proves that when it comes to wooing voters it's a no-holds-barred battle out there. But all this has to be done without attracting the prying eyes of the election officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865509", "title": "This Valantine's Day, take a dip in dark chocolate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you do not get a chocolate bar from your Valentine, don't worry. He must be planning to surprise you with something more interesting. Take a case of Malay Dave, a communication professional at an MNC, who has gifted his wife Gauri a special gift - a dark chocolate bath.Dave plans to spend Valentine's Day (V-Day) working at his office which he is sure will irritate his wife. But, he has made plans for her to spend the day relaxing and rejuvenating herself. So that when Dave returns home at night, she is ready to receive him, smelling special for a memorable evening.\"I want her to relax and feel beautiful,\" says Dave. Many like Dave have got hooked to this newer way of making their soulmates happy. Gifting a chocolate bar is ever green, but how about drenching your Valentine into a pool of chocolate or strawberry and cream this time. The latest V-Day gifting fad has caught the fancy of young lovers, who are buying each other precious time of 'solitude' that one can just spend alone relaxing.\"You can make your soulmate feel relaxed and happy, only if you are in the same frame of mind,\" says Tanvi Godiawala-Shah, a noted cosmetologist. \"The logic is to buy time of 'perfect solitude' for someone special and give space to revitalize,\" adds Shah.Similarly, Ashna Shah, an adolescent, has bought a fitness package for her mom. \"I want her to take care of her health and this is my way of telling her to focus on being fit,\" she says.Arpan Sandilya, a counselor and nutrition expert, says, \"We have sold gift coupons for tummy tuck, thigh reduction and hip reduction packages, which couples exchange. We also have young daughters wanting their moms to come down to us for a complete makeover and fitness regimes. They buy their moms gift coupons for fitness packages.\"The wives egging their husbands for a makeover have been buying out this V-Day cosmetic treatment sessions for turning their men into better-looking better-halves, say cosmetologists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865320", "title": "In hung house, we will call the shots, says Willy", "text": "PANAJI: With just one day left for the filing of nominations, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) is waiting for the Congress-NCP combine to finalize their list in order to finalise its own.Trinamool Congress president Wilfred de Souza said that he will contest in at least 25 seats of which he has already announced candidates in 18. The remaining he will announce on Monday after he knows the Congress-NCP list. \"I am deliberately not contesting in some constituencies in order to facilitate a straight fight between two candidates so that the bad candidate goes home,\" Souza said.When asked to give examples, Souza cited Nuvem, Navelim and Tivim. He said that in Nuvem, power minister Aleixo Sequeira is contesting against a candidate who is \"evil\", without naming Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco of the Goa Vikas party. \"Let the better fellow win,\" Souza said.In Navelim, he said Avertano Furtado is a \"pretty good\" candidate due to which the \"Churchill's chances are dim\". So the Trinamool Congress will not touch Navelim. The third example is of Tivim, where Souza said Nilkanth Halarnkar of the NCP is contesting against the BJP candidate who has an appeal pending in the Supreme Court.But the former chief minister is certain of getting two seats and \"very likely to get four seats\". Asked to name these, he says he will get Aldona and Sameer Salgaocar will get Mandrem. He declined to name the other two. \"If we get two seats, we will become a registered party in Goa. If we get four, I will be kingmaker because neither the Congress nor the BJP will get a clear majority. It will be a hung assembly and most probably, we will call the shots,\" Souza said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871177", "title": "Ways to avoid differences in your relationship", "text": "Like it or not, arguments are the worst and the best part about any relationship. Whether we choose to move on or not is entirely upon us.If you are the one who finds it difficult to tackle an argument with your partner, follow these tricks which will save you from further differences.The first rule is to be honest in your relationship. This often helps overcome the most difficult challenges faced. Most couples avoid looking at and doing something about their relationship and then it gets too late to solve it out. These problems can range from trust issues, jealousy, and infidelity, lack of passion or maybe lack of common interests. Try to address each and every problem in your relationship - petty or big seriously. It's best to talk it out rather than burdening yourself with the problem.Do not let old fears from past relationships surface. They never let you move on. Couples who are in an intimate relationship experience fears coming up from the past which often plays havoc on your current relationship. If not dealt with, these fears build walls between couples and ultimately lead to a split that may well never be repaired.Do not go overboard with your expectations. It is okay to talk with your beau about what you expect from him/her but do not base your relationships on the hope that your partner has to live up to them. Too much of expectations leads to future conflicts and end up in a break-up.Sharpen your communication skills with your partner. Communication is really important between two people who are in love. For most couples, the lack of communication is a big issue and this often tears couples apart. If both of you have different point of views, need not worry, try to work something mid-way so that both of you do not end up fighting on petty matters.Learn to understand, love and value each other. There is nothing great in a relationship other than the fact that two people appreciate each other and recognise the importance of that person in their life.meghna.mukherjee@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865489", "title": "HC grants bail to police constable", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa granted bail to police constable Vishwavijay Parab, who is accused of forcing a trafficked victim to indulge in oral sex at Mapusa police station.He was released on furnishing a personal bond of 20,000 and one surety in the like amount. The court has directed that the constable shall not tamper with the evidence or influence directly or indirectly any of the witnesses to be examined in the case. The constable has been asked to cooperate in the proceedings and should appear as and when the trail is fixed before the magistrate.The constable had allegedly molested a 25-year-old girl, who had escaped from a prostitution racket on August 11, 2011, and had forced her to perform oral sex. Parab was later suspended from service and was arrested on August 26, 2011.The advocate for the accused, Auro Oliveira, contended that Parab had been falsely implicated in the case. However, the police opposed the bail application stating that if the accused is released on bail, he may influence the witnesses, which may affect the process of investigation and the prosecution case. \"Considering the nature of the charges and the material relied upon by the respondent, I find that there is no reason to allow the applicant to continue to be in custody during the pendency of the trial before the magistrate. The apprehension of the respondent that the applicant may tamper with the evidence or influence the material witnesses, in any event, does not survive at this stage as the complainant as well as the eye witnesses has already been examined,\" the high court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866716", "title": "Cops leave for Allahabad to recover tracksuit, laptop", "text": "GURGAON: A day after Gurgaon police cracked the Sincy Sebastian murder case, a team of crime branch left for Allahabad with the accused cab driver Mukesh Kumar Shah on Sunday. The team hopes to recover one of the victims earrings and laptop that the accused had parceled along with his blood-stained tracksuit to one of his friends in Allahabad after killing the software designer.The cab driver, 30-year-old Mukesh Kumar Shah, a native of Kolkata was employed in the same company for six years where Sincy was working. During preliminary interrogation, Shah has disclosed that he had also stolen the laptop and one earring of Sincy from the crime spot after killing her.Investigators said that the accused has a sharp mind which he had used in every step to dodge the police. When he reached the PG accommodation in DLF with the intention to murder Sincy, he was wearing a red tracksuit. Investigators said that the accused had just returned from his night duty.Shah had tried to rape Sincy, but when he failed to do so because of stiff resistance, he stabbed her with the knife that he had bought a day before the murder. He tied a cloth on the knifes grip since he was aware that he would leave finger-prints on it. He had learnt this from a Bengali movie. But during investigation, we traced a piece of the cloth that he had used from his rental room, said an investigator.Cops said that a day after Sincys murder, he had parcelled them along with his blood stained tracksuit to a friend in Allahabad.The police produced Mukesh in a city court on Saturday and took him on four days police remand to recover the laptop, tracksuit and earring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865449", "title": "Nashik's financial backbone struggles for basic amenities", "text": "NASHIK: Satpur is often called the financial backbone of Nashik, with hundreds of industrial units, including Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, CEAT , Bosch , Carbon Graphite and many others, crowding its lanes, yet when one thinks of the area, the picture that often comes to mind is that of slums and haphazard residential colonies. Nonetheless, with much hope, residents of this division will vote this Thursday to elect 14 representatives to the Nashik Muncipal Corporation.The local leadership is also strong as the area falls under the older part of Nashik city. It is because of this that the division has given one of the most popular mayors to the city in the form of Dashrath Patil. Then there are others like Ashok Gavli, who got elected to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for four consecutive terms, Prakash Londhe, who has a strong hold on the Satpur Rajwada area and Dr D L Karad, a strong CPM leader who has been taking up the cause of industrial workers for decades.Despite all this, Satpur to date remains a township that has been limping towards development for decades. Most interior roads of the wards (no. 16 to 21 and no. 50) in this division are dug up and left undone, heaps of garbage are found at every nook and corner, sewage lines are left open, water supply is an issue, and gardens are not maintained.Local resident Vikas Kale (20) of the Satpur Rajwada area, said, \"The road work began in the area only when the elections were around the corner. While other parts of the city boast of beautiful gardens, there is not even one in our area. Forget gardens, the NMC did not even construct public lavatories for the area. The result of all this is dirt, foul smell and mosquitoes all around. Our corporator Sujata Kale had promised to do development work around the Nasardi river, but it has now been reduced to a nullah.\"Resident Yogesh Jagzape said, \"I have a shop in the Keval Park area of Satpur. However, whenever I give an order to a new dealer, his delivery man always has to comb half the Satpur area before reaching my shop.\"For the residents of ward 16, comprising areas like Anandwalli and Gangapur, the frequency of bus service is a major issue, while for the residents of ward 17, 18, 19, which includes areas like Ashok Nagar, Jadhav Sankul, Pimpalgaon Bahula, Shivaji Nagar, Shramik Nagar, Satpur Colony area, etc., the needs are schools, good roads, streetlights, water supply and a safe and secure environment.In contrast to other parts of the city, which are bustling with malls, jogging tracks, huge shopping complexes and other facilities, the Satpur division is still yearning for basic facilities. Here, it is impossible to find a good English school for the children of workers. The scrap market on the Ambad Link Road is also a major issue, with the scrap dealers adding to the pollution in the area.In 2007, the residents of the Satpur division gave no clear majority to any one political party. While the Congress won two seats from this division, which comprised 13 wards then, its ally NCP had bagged three seats. Shiv Sena also bagged three seats. Of the remaining seats, two went to the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), one went to the Republican Party of India (RPI), one to the CPM and one to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).In 2007, the Congress and the NCP went to the electorate with an alliance and they will do so even this year, with the exception of ward 17 in this division, where Congress's Dinkar Patil takes on NCP's Sadashiv Mali. The BJP and the Shiv Sena are also contesting the elections separately, while the MNS is getting stronger in this division. Many Satpur residents feel that candidates in the open category may go on to win the election in this division., if they are not taking any sitting corporator head on, the election of women may go anyway, depending on the work and popularity of their respective parties.Nontheless, Patil faces the challenge of Mali. Both outgoing corporators, they are contesting the election against one another as neither of them was ready to give away his seat from their respective area after the ward delimitation exercise. Riding high on the popularity of the MNS last year, Shashikant Jadhav had won the last election. Though he is known for his work, this time around he will be fighting against another sitting corporator, Sena's Rajendra Nagre.Key ContestantsCongress' Dinkar Patil takes on NCP's Sadashiv Mali in ward 17Shashikant Jadhav faces Sena's Rajendra Nagre in ward 18Ashok Gavli contests the election for the fifth consecutive time. He has won four earlier elections.Gavli is likely to get a tough fight from Salim Shaikh fielded by MNS from ward 19Prakash Londhe, sitting corporator contests the election from open category due to the new reservations. He fights against Amin Rashid Shaikh, BJP's Sachin Chavan, Congress ' Anis Shaikh, Prakash Nigal of MNS, Arun Jadhav of BSP and others.Ward 16 No of voters 17239 Candidates 11 Anandwalli Gaothan, Someshwar Slum, Savarkar Nagar, Gangapur VillageWard 17 No of voters 18528 Candidates 12 Shivaji Nagar, Shramik NagarWard 18 No of voters 19342 Candidates 17 Pimpalgaon Bahula, jadhav Sankul, Shramik Nagar, Ashok NagarWard 19 No of voters 17172 Candidates 10 Sawarkarnagar, Samata Nagar, Maharashtra Housing Society, MIDC ColonyWard 20 No of voters 18872 Candidates 19 Satpur Village, Swarbaba nagar, industrial areaWard 21 No of voters 18348 Candidates 25 Sadguru Nagar, Kale Nagar, Bhosala Military School, MIDC, ITI areaWard 50 No of voters 18661 Candidates 24 Satpur Village, Keval Park, Chunchale, Jadhav Sankul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866192", "title": "10 youths who failed physical tests inducted in police: CBI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The preliminary verification of CBI in ASI recruitment of Chandigarh Police in 2007 is complete and five senior police officials along with around 10 youths are expected to be in trouble.The verification was conducted by the anti-corruption wing of CBI and it had seized all relevant records pertaining to the recruitment including CCTV recordings, documentary records, name and details of all police officials, including DSP and SP rank officials, who were appointed.CBI sources told TOI, \"The preliminary verification has established that around 10 youths had been inducted in the police force and all of them failed to clear physical tests.\"Though sources shared names of four candidates out of 10 which include Kamal Verma, Labjit Kaur, Surinder and Multan Singh, they refused to divulge the names of senior police officials deputed in the recruitment drive.A senior CBI official said, \"The CCTV footages of recruitment rally reveals that some of the police officials had overlooked the low standard performance of some of the candidates, and later inducted them into the police force.\"Sources in police said, \"The preliminary investigation was started following a complaint received from a constable of Chandigarh Police, who had also participated in the ASI recruitment, but was rejected despite clearing all tests.\"The recruitment was held at police lines, Sector 26, under the supervision of an IPS rank official of Delhi cadre, who was at that time was attached with Chandigarh Police on deputation.Sources in CBI said, \"One of major discrepancy on the part of Chandigarh Police is that while police department registered a case for paper leak, it failed to investigate lapses in the physical tests.\"ASI recuritment in 2007 was full of controversiesThe ASI recruitment of Chandigarh Police in 2007 was full of controversies. Three cops of Chandigarh Police were arrested for accessing the leaked written paper of the recruitment, but two cops have been dismissed for not providing evidence against accused police personnel.Chandigarh Police had deliberately avoided checking lapses in physical tests.CBI sources told TOI, \"The preliminary verification has established that around 10 youths had been inducted in the police force and all of them failed to clear physical tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11865549", "title": "NID's annual design fest concludes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The annual design festival of the National Institute of Design (NID) called RGB concluded at the institute's campus on Sunday. This year, the three-day event hosted various workshops and seminars, many of which focused on networking between industries and the participating students who have come from across the country.A total of 250 students from 10 institutes across the country had come to NID to take part at the events. Workshops on book binding, knitting with water hyacinth, paper folding, clay modeling received a huge draw this year. Apart from the workshops, a fashion show called 'Ramp Attack' was held on the second day. The fashion show provided a platform for students of various institutes displayed their creativity and talent on the ramp.On the final day, a rigorous interactive session was held where students presented their work and the industry representatives gave their feedbacks. The evening of the final day also saw a rock concert performed by a Delhi-based band called 'Five-8'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11865355", "title": "Suresh Pilarnekar joins JD (U)", "text": "MARGAO: Former South Goa deputy collector Suresh Pilarnekar, who served as the general secretary of Save Goa Front (SGF), on Sunday joined the Janata Dal (United) and will be contesting from Fatorda. It may be recalled that the Election Commission had recently declared that the SGF does not exist as a party after it noted that its merger with the Congress is legal. Pilarnekar had contested from ST. Cruz on the SGF ticket in 2007 Assembly Elections. Confirming his joining the JD (U) along with a large number of his supporters, Pilarnekar told TOI that his main objective will be to fight against corruption in the government adding \"Since I have served the government in various departments from 1999 to 2006, I realized the pressure a sincere public servant has to bear and therefore I have decided to work for a upright, dynamic and effective administration.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11864804", "title": "'Everyone knows me, but I am stressing on meeting each voter'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Mahal prabhag is home ground for the Datkes. First, it was veteran BJP leader, the late Prabhakarrao Datke, who enjoyed the support of residents for almost two decades and now it's his son - the young and ambitious Pravin Datke's turn to carry on the legacy.On the pitch prepared by his father, Datke junior is all set to start his third inning. A two-term corporator from Mahal and former city unit leader of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, Datke was chairman of NMC's water supply committee and also the ruling party leader in NMC.Datke, a strong contender for the mayor's post, inherited political lineage from his father, who had represented Mahal ward in 1985 and 1992 and was ruling party leader in NMC. Datke and his electoral partner Prabhatai Jagnade are using all their experience to contest two seats from Mahal prabhag (41). It is a prestigious ward, since it is also the home ground of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari .Both Datke and Prabhatai begin their campaign at 8am. At around 12.30pm, they take a break and resume campaigning at 5pm.Padyatra and meeting residents of the ward are part of the campaign. Sitting corporator from the neighbouring Killa Ward - Sudhir alias Bandu Raut - who is also contesting the polls too accompanies Datke sometimes.On Saturday, at least 100 BJP workers, some 60 men and 40 women , started campaigning from Hanuman Mandir located near Gadkari wada at about 8.30am. Datke and his supporters first visited Gadkari wada and sought blessings from Kanchan Gadkari (wife of Nitin Gadkari), before moving towards Upadhye Road, Dasra Road, Kothi Road, Gujarwada till 12.30 noon.At Gujarwada, Anita Mohite came out with a list of complaints, including a property dispute with a close relative. Datke gave a silent hearing to her woes and assured to solve her problems. During door-to-door campaign, Datke received a call from a close relative informing him about the death of his maternal uncle. He leaves to attend the funeral in the afternoon and returns to his constituency at about 5pm to continue the campaign.Datke told TOI said, \"I was born and brought up in Mahal area. I know each lane and people residing in this locality personally, but I am still focusing on meeting the people face-to face\". Datke added that along with winning Mahal prabhag, all his efforts are also focused on retaining BJP's hold over the civic body. \"I am trying hard to create awareness among citizens of my prabhag as well as residents of other prabhags regarding the projects initiated and implemented by BJP-ruled NMC in last five years,\" he said.Congress has fielded Milind Yewle and Seema Tilgule against Datke and Jagnade, but residents feel Datke will win by a record margin of 5,000 votes and record a hat-trick. BJP rebel Pramod Chikhle is also in the fray, but is not expected to create any hurdles in Datke's winning run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866753", "title": "Tease your palate with food from her kitchen", "text": "GURGAON: There are those who eat to live, and those who live to eat. Then there are a few, like Natasha Minocha, a Gurgaon resident, who live so that others can eat. Natasha is a middle-aged homemaker, a mother of two, and an Economics graduate from Delhis Sri Ram College of Commerce. Besides all this, she is an obsessed gastronome and an experimental domestic chef who is on her way to become a successful self-starting entrepreneur.And her recently started food catering business is not the run-of-the-mill we also serve parties and weddings kind. Natasha cooks and serves artisan food, hand-made delicacies prepared in the kitchen of her own house.I decided that I wanted to do something that I really loved. Not a 9 to 5 job but something that makes me happy, she said, having just finished preparing her Sunday orders for a few heart-shaped cookies and dark-chocolate and almond truffles. Natasha now has a bunch of corporate clients, some of whom order on a weekly and some even on a daily basis.There was this night when I did a book-launch party for 30 people, and then a dinner party the same night for 50 people, all by myself. This is a tough job, and as stressful, if not more than a regular job. But she doesnt seem to mind.Having returned to Gurgaon some four years ago after spending years in Moscow and the USA with her husband, Natasha decided that she had been idle for too long. Her friends and family members also encouraged her to capitalize on her culinary talents.I would cook for friends during parties at our place, and everyone used to like what I made. These days Natasha usually shuffles through looking after the kids and the daily kitchen work. Then I started getting some calls from friends asking me if I could do something for their parties, and this is how the idea grew, she said.Today her business card reads Chief Artisan of her home-made and hand-made food enterprise. Chocolate truffles, strawberry mousse, cookies, cakes, and even plated luncheons Natashas menu card develops and expands just as her palate does. In a city where restaurant food is becoming something of a banality, and the cuisine options are either too few or way too many, there was always one niche to be filled.The essence of what I cook lies in how fresh it is, how different it is, and how its specifically prepared for the particular clients. Natasha pays serious attention on fulfilling every demand of the most finicky of foodies, and yet the food that you get at Tashas Artisan Foods would first have to fit Natasha and her family's liking.On the business front, Natasha says things are good. Although they could have been better, she said with a laugh. But if anyone has made business and pleasure come together so effectively and productively, thats Natasha. I would like to expand, of course. But the challenge for me would be to retain the essence of what I do, she said, before excusing herself to go out and see why her 7-year old was crying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11865503", "title": "ICAR to submit proposal to set up units for hygienic feni production", "text": "PANAJI: The Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR) is planning to submit a proposal to the state government to set up units on a pilot basis for more hygienic extraction and production of feni through processing techniques tried by it.The ICAR has achieved success in removing the astringent smell from feni by inoculating a consortium of micro-organisms into it during the fermentation stage.A few stakeholders in the local industry foresee vast potential for marketing the liquor beyond Goa's borders and even abroad as they are confident it could meet even high international standards as the astringent smell was a constraint.ICAR's intervention is limited to helping with inputs on norms and methodology for better and hygienic extraction and storage of cashew juice for fermentation. \"But the old distillation method can continue and we want to preserve it,\" said ICAR scientist S B Barbuddhe.During the processing, the cashew farmers crush the fruit with their feet on an unpolished kolmi dug into laterite stone. But as it is not washed after use, the kolmi generates bacteria, which gives feni the astringent smell, sources said.A few farmers rely on mechanical extraction to save labour and increase the yield, as compared to the stamping method. But the bacteria develop easily on mild steel crushers, says Gurudas Bhakta, secretary of Goa cashew feni distillers and bottlers association.Agrees Barbuddhe, \"The mechanized juice extractor should be made of stainless steel and not of iron.\"The cashew farmers also use mild steel for storing juice for fermentation. \"In both cases, stainless steel for juice extractors and storage tank should be used or the tank should be lined with ceramic tiles to prevent formation of bacteria,\" Bhakta said.Sources said farmers who have small quantities of cashew juice can store it for fermentation in plastic containers. \"But this does not ensure uniform quality of the product. Ideally, storage in a single tank facilitates introduction of consortium of microbes and helps achieve uniform quality,\" Barbuddhe said.This is where the ICAR wants to help farmers to improve the hygiene in production. ICAR scientists tried out better processing techniques and use of micro-organisms at a distillery in Nanora, which can serve as a demonstration unit. The stakeholders feel the government should evolve a scheme to assist farmers in setting up infrastructure for hygienic production.\"The farmers have only to invest in a ceramic-tiled tank and stainless steel juice extractors,\" Barbuddhe said. But there are some who feel that the feni's aroma is its intrinsic essence. \"Without it, it will be like the sardar sans the pugdi,\" says Mac Vaz, president of Goa cashew feni distillers and bottlers association. But promoters of the new variant insist the flavour will be retained in the scientific exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11872435", "title": "Centre rejects MP govt's proposal to rename capital as Bhojpal", "text": "BHOPAL: The Centre has rejected Madhya Pradesh government's proposal to rename the state capital as Bhojpal, after the great warrior king Raja Bhoj of Parmar dynasty.Officials said here on Monday that the Centre had on Sunday announced changes in names of 25 towns and cities across the country but rejected the move to change the name of Bhopal.The two towns in Madhya Pradesh whose renaming have been accepted are Mhow in the Indore district and Gotegaon in the Narsinghpur district.While Gotegaon would now be known as Sridham, Mhow would henceforth be known as Ambedkar Nagar.Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had proposed to change the name of Bhopal to Bhojpal while unveiling a statue of Raja Bhoj in the Upptar Lake during a function in March last year, a move that was opposed by majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11869566", "title": "IT pros, SEBI wants you to track Facebook, Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Market watchdog SEBI seems to be the latest to catch the fancy of social networks like Twitter, Facebook and blogs for spreading its message to investors as also to snoop on discussions at these platforms as part of its investigation and oversight activities.The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) is hiring specialist IT officers, whose role would include keeping track of social media platforms like Twitter and blogs for all market-related information, comments and discussions.Sebi is also toying with the idea of having its own official presence on Twitter and other social networks to strengthen its information dissemination process for investors and other market participants, a senior official said.Another financial sector regulator, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is also considering a presence on social networking platforms like Twitter.Late last year, RBI conducted a survey to know whether it should make its web interface more interactive with features like discussion forum, live chat and blogs on its website, and by having a Twitter presence for information dissemination.Recently, the Prime Minister's Office also debuted on Twitter and is said to be exploring the idea of having a presence on Facebook as well.A number of organisations globally, including regulators and government departments, are increasingly using Twitter and other such platforms for fast dissemination of information and collating the public views.Even the US President Barack Obama and his official residence and workplace, the White House , have a presence on Twitter and various other online platforms such as blogs.In India also, some ministries and many corporates are present on Twitter, while a number of public figures are active members of this micro-blogging site.Experts say that social media platforms have become a very effective place to spread the information fast, but at the same time, they are also being used by various scrupulous elements, including those in the stock market.There are numerous blogs where members discuss stock market trends and in many cases stock tips are also exchanged.Leading social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter are also full of such discussions and it is feared that scrupulous elements could be using such forums for their market manipulation activities.On many occasions, SEBI has warned investors against websites offering stock tips.In one such warning, SEBI has said the investors expose themselves to undue risk in using unconfirmed information available on such websites and blogs.SEBI recently put in place software tools to analyse social networking discussions to strengthen its probe and oversight on stock market transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854716", "title": "Valentine's Day arrives a little early for Amdavadis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amdavadis can't wait till February 14. Since the Valentine's Day falls on a weekday, residents have started their themed parties and special get-togethers, which are now being held over the weekend.Besides, Amdavadis are at their creative best when it comes to parties, with themes such as 'Share a drink with your wife', 'Devils and nymphs', 'Bake a cake for your soul mate', and 'Share a pie with your spouse', among others. Many couples are to dine with their friends at these exclusive gatherings.Monal Shah, a designer, who has organized a themed get-together at her residence on Sunday evening, says, \"The idea is to celebrate Valentine's over the weekend and create happy memories that we can cherish forever.\"\"Now-a-days, sharing drinks with friends has become common,\" says Anand Thakkar, a businessman, who invited his friends to a theme party of Share a Drink with Your Wife on Saturday. \"During this special evening where the couple shares a glass and drink the combinations that they both like to make for each other.\"During the weekend, some are also exploring 'sundown eves', a new trend of partying where friends spend time together from evening high tea until midnight supper. Maulik Shah, a businessman, who has invited friends for a sundown eve at his farm on Sunday, says, \"It is a fresh party trend and I am excited to host this meet to celebrate pre-Valentine's weekend this time.\"The V-Day celebrations are going to be a lengthy affair for some. While many are to celebrate the special day during the weekend, there are some who prefer to stick to the date and have the scheduled date on Tuesday. \"We are to party with friends over pre-Valentine's weekend, but February 14 is a special date for us and we would spend it only in each other's company,\" says Mansi Parikh.Forget a chocolate bar; be ready to get drenched in chocolate and strawberriesShe likes strawberry and cream, he loves to bathe in dark chocolate. This latest Valentine's gifting fad includes flavoured baths and cosmetic beauty treatment packages. \"I want her to relax and feel beautiful,\" says Malav Dave who has booked strawberry and cream body scrub and spa for his spouse on Tuesday. \"I would be busy working while I want her to relax on that special day,\" he says.In today's fast paced, many of us seldom get time to relax and rejuvenate. While some partners like Dave have grabbed this Valentine's Day as an occasion to gift their partner opportunity to unwind, relax and feel special.Rose, chocolates, fashion accessories are always in but there are newer ways of making your mate happy. \"The logic here is to make the life partner happy and buying cosmo-plans and rejuvenating baths is one of the novel ways to do it,\" says Tanvi Godiawala-Shah, owner of spa, who offers Valentine luxury gift packages to attract couples.Similarly, Arpan Sandinlya, a nutrition expert and a fitness counselor, says, \"We have couples who have booked tummy tucking sessions, thigh reduction or hip reduction massage and therapy packages for their mates to inspire them for a make over. This gesture is a way to express love and care for the partner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866765", "title": "Gurgaon-Manesar-Bawal MRTS to go till Neemrana", "text": "GURGAON: Even before the Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) on Gurgaon-Manesar-Bawal corridor takes off, a plan has been floated to extend it to Neemrana in Rajasthan.This was disclosed by a senior functionary of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation Limited (DMICDC) at a national conference on port infrastructure in the capital.The official said that the MRTS corridor would provide direct connectivity from Delhi international airport to Neemrana industrial area which is emerging as a major investment destination.Many Japanese investors have shown interest in the industrial belt that is coming up as a hub of IT/ITes, automobile and tech industries. We want to improve the connectivity along the stretch to push the economic activities. In the first phase of MRTS, we will connect Gurgaon, Manesar and Bawal, he said.The MRTS is likely to take off from Haryana border near Dwarka, and follow the northern and southern peripheral roads. It will thereafter move along IMT Manesar, up to the Orbital Rail Corridor onto the Panchgaon Chowk and then run along the NH-8 till its terminus at Bawal.Sources in the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) said that at a high level meeting held last year it was decided that a metro rail line (on the lines of Delhi Metro) would be laid along the alignment of the northern and southern peripheral roads.The exiting metro rail currently is planned till Rajeev Chowk in phase-IV, which the officials say would be extended till Panchgaon Chowk. From there, a suburban rail system could connect Bawal, as proposed by the DMIC (MBIR) consultant.The project has already received the approval of Cabinet sub-committee which has directed the HSIIDC to take further requisite action, including acquisition of land and mode of implementation of the project on PPP basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872073", "title": "Revealed: Prateik Babbar\u2019s first love", "text": "Prateik speaks about his passion and his love...Prateik Babbar is in the buzz for his off-screen chemistry with his co-star Amy Jackson. But more than that Prateik is happy to talk about his first love. It's not some hot, sizzling chick, or an innocent crush is school. Prateik says his first love is and will always be cricket!Prateik has a good athletic body thanks to his love for sports. The actor doesn't deny his passion for acting, at the same time expresses his love for cricket. The actor informs us that he doesn't want to leave the game , no matter how busy he is. \"I love Cricket. It's my passion,\" says Babbar, who also revealed that he once wanted to make a career in cricket.Speaking about managing time for his favourite sport, he says, \"I always wanted to be a cricketer. But no issues, I still manage to take out time for my love. I play cricket on the sets of my films. I enjoy cricket after shoots,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11866635", "title": "Pradhan held for 'sexual assault'", "text": "HOWRAH: The pradhan of Durgapur Abhaynagar II gram panchayat, under Bally Jagacha block, was arrested on Sunday morning for alleged sexual assault on a girl at his home on charges of outraging the modesty of a minor girl. Seventy-two year old Biman Das allegedly had tried to assault the girl sexually at his home on Sunday morning.The victim, a Class-VII student, had reportedly gone to Biman Das' house to get a document signed, when the pradhan tried to make indecent advances.The 11-year-old girl, student of class VII, had gone to Das's house in the morning to get a document signed by the pradhan. The girl was taken for a rude shock when the old man allegedly tried to make indecent advances. She immediately rushed back home that is in the same locality (Thakurani chowk) and narrated her ordeal.On narrating her ordeal, the girl's family lodged a complaint with Bally police station, after which Das was arrested. Neighbours and family members went to the Bally police station and lodged a complaint. Das was later arrested after rounds of questioning.\"The accused has been arrested on charges of outraging the modesty of the girl. An investigation is on. An investigation is on,\" said DC (headquarters) Howrah commissionerate Sukesh Jain.Das was elected on a CPM ticket. But he was expelled by the party with three other colleagues about two years ago. Since then he was heading the panchayat with the support of Trinamool Congress .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867553", "title": "Nest finds hold hope for Ridley breeding season", "text": "CHENNAI: After a bad start to the Olive Ridley nesting season this year, turtle conservationists found nine nests in two nights. But the numbers are low this year after a bumper year in 2011.By end of January 2011, volunteers from Student Sea Turtle Conservation Network (SSTCN) had found 27 nests on the stretch from Neelankarai to Urur Kuppam. By February 12, a total of 43 were found. Only 15 have been found so far this year. While local fishermen attribute the fall in nesting to Cyclone Thane, marine biologists say that a year of high-density nesting is usually followed by a season of decreased nesting.Last year, 99 nests were found between Neelankarai and Urur Kuppam and 83 on the Marina stretch between Srinivasapuram and Napiers' Bridge. \"The last time we reached the three-digit mark on the Neelankarai stretch was in 2000. So last year was really a peak,\" said V Arun, coordinator for SSTCN.Experts say they expected low nesting this year. \"This usually happens. A good year is always followed by a bad year,\" said a marine biologist. The pattern has also been observed in other parts of the country. \"It has been happening in Orissa as well. We can't specify a reason behind the delay this year,\" said Naveen Namboothri, a researcher at Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.Another marine biologist said a fluctuation in the earth's gravity field on January 13, caused by huge solar storms, could have interfered with the nesting.\"Turtles and other migratory animals like whales depend on the magnetic field of the earth for navigation and may have been confused by the gravity fluctuation,\" said Rahul Muralidharan, a marine conservationists from Tree Foundation. \"Though this theory is still under discussion, similar observations were made in Mumbai as well,\" Namboothri added.Turtle conservationists remain hopeful for the coming season nonetheless. \"In the past two nights we found eight dead turtles that had washed ashore. This is an indication that the turtles are near the coast,\" said Arun.Only one nest was found on the Marina stretch till January last year. \"The sand had formed six-foot-high walls, making it difficult for turtles to nest,\" said R Aravind, a volunteer.However, volunteers say there was a marked changed in protocol last year. \"We started walking late and spent more time than usual. As a result, we did not find any wild nests,\" said Arun, referring to nests not spotted and relocated in hatcheries by volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11865264", "title": "3 Indians in UK charged for Reddy attack", "text": "LONDON: Three Indians have been charged with the attempted murder of Praveen Reddy, an MBA student, who was stabbed and reportedly thrown off a building on Friday.The Metropolitan Police identified the trio as Amareshwar Arava, 25, Sai Kishore Balguri, 25, and Nishanth Puttapaka, 23 - all from Andhra Pradesh. \"We are not treating the incident as racially motivated at this time,\" police said. Reddy's family has said that the stabbing was the result of a brawl at a birthday party in his apartment. The family suspects the hand of his childhood friend, M Sharan, whose birthday it was.The three will appear at the Thames Magistrates' court on Monday. Earlier, 11 people were arrested in relation with the incident. External affairs minister S M Krishna had spoken to the acting high commissioner in the UK Rajesh Prasad, asking him to extend all possible help to Praveen Reddy. Krishna also spoke to Andhra Pradesh-based businessman Sudhakar Reddy, father of Praveen, assuring him of all help in getting the visa. They also said the high commission in the UK was coordinating with the doctors treating Praveen and the MEA will take up the matter with the British High Commission to ensure expeditious issuance of the visa to his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "national seminar", "code": "11865195", "title": "City Digest", "text": "National Seminar: To commemorate the birth anniversary of freedom fighter Sarojini Naidu, (February 13) Vishal Bharat Sansthan is organising a national seminar on 'Rashtra ke Nirmaan Mein Sarojini Naidu ka Yogdaan' at Lallapura area on Monday.Seminar: Jhanavi Seva Samiti in association with Kashi Vidvat Samaj is going to conduct a seminar at Asi ghat on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11867742", "title": "Going office by boat along the Ganga", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee now wants to improve river transport to ease the pressure off both roads and railways. Accordingly, the transport department is drawing up an elaborate plan to boost transportation along the Hooghly. The government will follow a public-private-partnership (PPP) model for that.This is a significant project since the chief minister wants the development of greater Kolkata in the model of greater London. The Thames is a vital transportation route for accessing London from its suburbs.The transport department is planning to utilize the 57 gangway-pontoon jetties along a 324-km stretch upstream from Tribeni in Hooghly which were built by West Bengal Transport Infrastructure Development Corporation (WBTIDC) with 90% funding from the Centre and 10% from the state under water transportation development project.Transport minister Madan Mitra said: \"We have to rationalize the entire river transport system. There is hardly any launch service beyond the city limits to connect the farthest part of the suburbs with the heart of the city. The beauty of the Hooghly is that from the ferry ghat, one can just walk up to his or her office in Dalhousie. But the river transport never got its due importance.\"At present, regular launch services are confined to the city core area. Mostly they criss-cross the river along its breadth. But the transport department's study shows a huge potential for longer version of launch services since both road and rail transportation have exceeded their saturation level.Initially, the West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation (WBSTC) will run the ferry services. The government will seek the participation of private players and the big cooperative societies that have the expertise in running launch services in the Hooghly. A few private players have also shown interest in running these longer versions of launch service.The Hooghly is not only free of congestion, but is also a strong viable alternative for passengers who can have a pleasant journey along the river. If things go according to plan, cruising along the river would never be the same again. The project would help tourists gain access to a lot of the otherwise inaccessible sites. Besides the boost in tourism, the project would also facilitate economic growth in these areas.Strategically located on both banks of the Hooghly, most of the places are inaccessible from the steamers and launches, thanks to lack of infrastructure. There are ferry services, but they operate in a primitive way. People often have to wade through hip-deep water to access the land after disembarking from the boats. Often, boats overturn because of overloading. Life across the river gets severely hindered, thanks to the underdeveloped river transportation system.In the first phase, 14 gangway-pontoon jetties were built at a cost of Rs 10 crore. In the second phase, rest of the 43 smaller gangway-pontoon jetties were commissioned. The total project cost was Rs 22.5 crore.The 14 jetties were placed on both sides of Plassey, Nabadwip, Agradwip, Daihat, Katwa, Shaktipur and Kalna. Among them, at Katwa and Kalna, even vehicles will be able to get on the launches, said officers. The Centre bore 90% of the project cost, only 10% was borne by the state. \"Not only transportation and tourism, a lot of trading and business activities will be facilitated. Thanks to overdependence on river-transportation, the project would replenish new blood to local trade and as well as daily life,\" the officer added.\"Since these locations covered almost the entire tourism circuit along the Hooghly, we will be at a most advantageous position for promoting tourism in these areas. We have Hooghly cruises. But the cruise loses its sheen considerably as tourists have to make a great effort to access the land. Often, may areas cannot be accessed at all. Because of the infrastructure problem, the area remained a largely untapped tourism destination,\" said a senior West Bengal Tourism Development Corporation officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867091", "title": "A day with Vice-chancellor", "text": "For Devaang Sibal, 18, the one-day internship at the vice-chancellor's office was hectic, though he revels in the royal treatment he received at the VC's office. Sibal, one of the two students who interned at Dinesh Singh's (VC, DU) office, found that the pace of work was fast here, unlike other departments in the university.\"We started the day by fixing a slight stench, which was giving trouble in the washroom of the office. I suggested using a particular acid to fix the stink, and it worked. But, it was a humbling experience, with the VC assisting us through the process,\" says Sibal, who is a first-year BCom (H) student of Hindu College.Later, stationed for an hour at the central reception office, Sibal had to take calls, messages and fix appointments , and also do some paperwork , which was followed by lunch. \"I must say we had a great lunch with the VC and his team at the university guest house. It was a lavish four-course meal,\" he says.The interns then had to attend a meeting that was on and had to give their inputs before a decision was taken. Also, they were on web chat at the computer centre, responding to around 150 odd queries of students who were eager to find out about the internship opportunity at the VC's office.\"I learnt that being a man of responsibility, you need to be decisive and keep a clear head,\" concludes Sibal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11865506", "title": "MNS delays manifesto's release", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leaders said on Sunday that party president Raj Thackeray would release the manifesto \"through newspapers a few days before the February 16 Nashik municipal elections\".The first political party to conduct interviews of its candidates, declare its nominees and start with star campaigning, failed to be the first to release its manifesto.Raj completed the remaining part of his roadshow in the city to campaign for his party on Sunday. On February 9, Thackeray was to cover all divisions in the city with his road-show, that was to begin at 9am. But he could start only after 1pm, owing to which he could not cover the entire route. A major part of Nashik Road, CIDCO and Satpur areas were left out. The areas were to be covered on Sunday, when he came for a convention.Raj began the remaining part of the rally in the morning from Nandurnaka to Jail Road, Gandharvanagari, Durga Garden, Deolaligaon, Vihitgaon, Wadala, Pathardi, CIDCO and Satpur.Raj was criticized for zooming past and he only came out of the car at select spots where his party campaign offices were, like on his previous visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11870456", "title": "Cab plying to BIA catches fire; no casualties", "text": "BANGALORE: A taxi ferrying a passenger to Bengaluru International Airport on Sunday morning was gutted in an accidental fire at Yelahanka junction on Bellary Road.However, no casualties were reported. Taxi driver Parashiva Murthy was going to BIA to drop a passenger at the airport. While the vehicle was plying near Yelahanka junction, around 11.45am, a fire broke out in the car's bonnet. Noticing the flames, the driver stopped the vehicle. He and his passenger immediately got out of the vehicle. \"Hearing their cries, staffers from a nearby petrol pump rushed and doused the fire with water,\" said police.A short circuit in the battery is suspected to have sparked off the blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11866058", "title": "Cases against cops for discrimination", "text": "Trichy: The all-women police station, Lalgudi has filed cases against four policemen, including an inspector, based on orders from the higher officials. Police said that the police personnel were trying to protect some persons by misusing their powers, who had allegedly attacked a dalit family last year.According to an FIR registered on January 25, Nisha (22), wife of one Karl Marx of Mettupatty had lodged a complaint in Lalgudi police station on September 25, 2011 against 10 persons - C Ruban, C Arockiaraj, J Princekumar, R Pippet, P Prasanth, P Praveen, P Karuppan, J Nishanth, J Sakunthala and P Arputham of the same area for brutally attacked her husband, mother-in-law Meena, father-in-law Neelakani and one Prabhakaran.The real motive behind the attack was that Nisha, who hailed from the Christian-Pallar caste (BC) and Marx hailing from the Hindu-Pallar caste (SC), had married each other amidst stiff opposition from her family. Prior to their marriage, Arockiaraj and seven others had attacked Marx and Meena on February 17, 2011.In both the attacks, inspector Ilanchezhian (45), sub-inspector Senthilkumar (40) and two special sub-inspectors Lawrence (50) and Panner Selvam (40), who were attached to the Lalgudi police station in Trichy district, had allegedly failed to take action on the complaint and instead misused their powers to protect the opponents.During the attack on September 25, Marx and others were seriously injured and hospitalized. Despite coming to know of the incident as well as the fact, the police did not file the case till next day. Then, based on instructions from the deputy superintendent of police and others, the police filed a case against the culprits. However, with the intention to dilute the case, the policemen did not book them under Sections 326, 307, 354, SCs/STs Prevention of Atrocities Act, 1989 and Women Harassment Act, 2009 in the FIR. So, the complainant again took up the issue to the higher officials who asked her to meet Ilanchezhian.When she met him on October 1, 2011, Ilanchezhian intimidated her with dire consequences. Moreover, he did not get the statement from the injured persons about the incidents so far, but submitted two FIRs in the court with false details.Hence, the inspector of the all women police station, Lalgudi on January 25, filed cases against the four policemen under section 213, 217,201, 202, 221, 420, 466, 506(i) of IPC and SCs/STs PoA Act, 1989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11866065", "title": "'Antrix-Devas deal a non-issue'", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Isro chairman G Madhavan Nair is pinning hopes on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to revoke the order banning him and three others from government jobs despite Union minister V Narayanasamy ruling out its review, as he reiterated there is \"no issue\" vis-a-vis the Antrix-Devas deal.Nair said he hasn't heard anything from the PM. \"I hope he will consider and take an appropriate decision,\" he said.Nair wrote to the PM more than two weeks ago, appealing for quashing the order which he claimed was issued without enquiry and one aimed at tarnishing the image of the scientists. Nair and three other ex-Isro scientists were blacklisted based on two official reports on the controversial deal. He has applied under RTI seeking copies of the order banning them as well as the reports. But he said that \"they are taking the usual time to reply. So I will have to allow that one month to get through to get all the details\". On whether he would appreciate if the PM intervenes in the issue, Nair said: \"Yes, naturally\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11865875", "title": "Cancelled Mumbai flight leaves travellers stranded", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chaos and confusion prevailed at Chandigarh airport on Sunday evening when Kingfisher airlines staff announced the cancellation of their Chandigarh-Mumbai flight at around 7pm.The Mumbai-Chandigarh bound Kingfisher flight was scheduled to land here at 2.25pm and was to fly back to Mumbai at 3pm, but, it did not arrive here.\"There was a technical problem in the aircraft and the flight was expected to arrive here at around 8pm. But, it was cancelled as there is no night-vision facility to help planes land here after 8pm,\" said station manager of Kingfisher airlines.Over 100 passengers, stranded at the airport, complained that the airlines staff could have told them in time about the cancellation so that they could make alternate arrangements.A Kingfisher official said they would either refund the ticket amount or arrange a flight on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866985", "title": "No water supply in many areas for two days", "text": "BHOPAL: City residents getting water supply from Kolar would have to go without water for two days on February 13 and 14 due to maintenance work to plug leakages in the main feeder pipeline. \"Minor leakages have been detected in the main feeder pipeline near Habibganj, Maida Mill and MP Nagar. We are closing the water supply on February 13 and 14 this month to fix the leakages,\" DK Bhavsar, executive engineer, Kolar water supply department said.As main feeder pipe line leaked more than 50 times within a year, people are wondering why the authorities concerned are not taking steps to for regular maintenance of the pipeline to ensure that such leakages are minimized. As water supply is to be affected on Valentine's Day, business establishments are worried.\"Tuesday would see more footfalls as couples are likely to throng the cafe that day. The water shortage would definitely affect the business. We may even get the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) water tanks,\" said a coffee shop owner of Bittan Market, which would receive limited water supply on Tuesday.Since February 1, the city has been receiving 33 MGD from Kolar, 25 MGD from the Upper Lake and 10 MGD from Narmada. According to the BMC engineers, the main problem was that the pipe is quite old and they have to draw maximum water from Kolar (33 million gallons per day MGD).Due to large quantum of water in the pipe, most of which is gravity line, the pressure develops sometimes and leads to leakages at weak points in the old pipe. Of 35 km Kolar pipeline, only ten km pipeline is based on pumping. The remaining 25 km or so is gravity-based. Water supply to Bhopal is mainly dependent on the Kolar Dam and the Upper Lake. Both are rain-fed sources and are thus vulnerable to seasonal fluctuations and technical snags (in case of Kolar pipeline).The Kolar reservoir, located about 32 km from Bhopal, supplies water to about 65% of the city's population. But these days, given the downslide in the water level in the Upper Lake, the authorities are drawing maximum water from the Kolar dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11866997", "title": "Save the girl child: Sons ignore parents in their old age", "text": "BHOPAL: Forty per cent of deserted elderly persons were driven out of their homes by sons while their daughters cared and helped them out at the time of illness and other problems as compared to their sons, a study conducted by Barkatullah University among people residing in old age homes in Bhopal has revealed.A report on \"Broken families and increasing old age homes in Bhopal\", prepared by Barkatullah University's Women studies department head Prof. Asha Shukla and Research officer Jaya Phookan, revealed in its findings that 50% of the respondents felt proud of their daughters for taking care of them instead of their sons.According to the findings of the study, 100% of respondents in Bhopal's old age homes were of the view that they were respected when they had money and now they were in old age homes as they have no place in their homes. Similarly, 95 % of them said they would live and die in the old age home and they will never ever go back to their homes in any condition as these homes are providing them good environment, peace and better care.While 5% of them maintained they were residing in old age homes due to compulsion, 38% of them were of the view that their most memorable moment of life is coming to old age home. However, 12% of them said that their worst day in life was when they were driven out of their homes.Throwing light on the methodology adopted for the study, Prof. Asha Shukla said \"We went to Anand Dham and Karunalaya old age homes. The people living there had suffered a lot. The objective of the report is to find the reason of shifting senior citizens to old age homes, learning the behaviour of their family members and perceptions of youth towards elderly persons\".\"We tried to understand the point of view of their children. Most of them, youngsters, felt that elders should not intervene in their matters, particularly in their life-style\", Prof Shukla said.Shukla said that there were several schemes available for the old age citizens but the lack of awareness is a major hindrance.\"National Policy on Older Persons, 1999, national Council for Older Persons, maintenance of parents and senior Citizens Act 2007 are among the few initiatives for protection of elderly people. The Domestic Violence Act too provides parents with the right to seek relief from any kind of abuse,\" Prof Shukla said.The report has also come up with certain suggestions. \"Respect towards elders and parents should be developed, petty household issues should be ignored, relatives should intervene in cases where parents are being forced out of homes legal action should be taken on those who are sending their parents to old age homes without any genuine reason,\" Prof Shukla said.What Maintenance of parents and senior citizens Act 2007 saysMaintenance of old persons by their family will be a matter of right for the parents.Parent can claim maintenance without any bar of ageThe tribunal concerned may order children or relative to make a monthly allowance.If parents or senior citizens are abandoned with an intention by a person who has to take care and protection then said person is punishable with imprisonment, which may extend to three months or fine, which may extend to Rs. 5,000/- or both.A senior citizen who has transferred his property either to his son or daughter or near relative, by virtue of a will or gift, can cancel the same by applying to the Tribunal, if he or she is neglected by the done.Senior citizen can file a complaint before the concerned Police Station against children for not taking care of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11867032", "title": "Enter the Dragon", "text": "There is little doubt that the economic balance of power has tipped eastwards in the past decade. In fact, the future business school of choice may not be in Massachusetts, London or Barcelona but in Shanghai , Hyderabad or SingaporeBy Matt SymondsThe Chinese 'Year of the Dragon' is reckoned to be a year for great deeds, innovative ideas and an advantageous time to begin new projects. Judging by the latest ranking of full-time MBA programmes by the Financial Times , business schools in the region were paying attention.Three schools from China made it to the top 100 for the first time, with the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) jumping in at number 28, to join Hong Kong UST and Shanghai's CEIBS in the world's top 30. Schools from Singapore also feature prominently, with the National University of Singapore making a dramatic entrance at number 23, with Nanyang Business School close behind.There is little doubt that the economic balance of power has tipped eastwards in the past decade. The harsh reality for the West is that the most exciting business opportunities of the next decade may emerge on the other side of the world, which raises the question whether the balance of world intellectual power may also be shifting. And the future business school of choice may not be in Massachusetts , London or Barcelona but in Shanghai, Hyderabad or Singapore.Chinese MarketAfter two years of working as a supply chain project manager in Shanghai, Rahul Bagde felt that he still didn't understand China that well. He applied to CEIBS, and has spent the last 18 months deepening his understanding of the country's business environment. \"The combination of international faculty, an extensive alumni network, and guest speakers with insight into the Chinese market is invaluable. I am at a sweet spot where I want to spend this decade in China, which will help me for the following decade of Indian growth.\"Consistent GDP growth of between eight and 10% presents its own challenges for the next generation of globally-minded Indian professionals. \"Managers cannot rely on their own experience to keep up with the pace of change,\" says Didier Guillot, director of the OneMBA programme at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK). \"They want global thinking, regional perspectives, and insights that point to new trends and developments. We are committed to help them update their business and management knowledge, stay at the forefront of innovation, and build a career at the global level.\"Demand of OneMBA and other top MBA programmes in the region is certainly on the rise. Score reports for the Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT) used by business schools as part of the candidate selection process, indicate that in the past five years the number of applicants from China, India, Hong Kong and Singapore sending their test scores to schools in these countries has increased by an impressive 229%. At CEIBS, the percentage of non-Chinese students studying in the full-time MBA programme has increased from 2% in 2005 to 39% in 2011.And with six to 10 applicants for every place on the MBA programme , the top schools in Asia are matching the admissions selectivity of Harvard and Wharton, admit tedly with considerably smaller class sizes. If the GMAT is any indication of student smarts, these schools can claim to attract a bright talent pool. Though not quite on a par with the likes of Stanford GSB, whose average GMAT score last year was 731, schools in Asia are edging closer, with a GMAT average around the 700 mark.Cost FactorWith growing concern that the tuition fees at many two-year programmes in the US are reaching unsustainable levels, a select number of schools in Asia make a strong case for an affordable top-tier MBA with an excellent return on investment . Graduates at Peking University this year reported a 201% increase over their pre-MBA salary. The 50 graduates in the university's BiMBA programme , run jointly with Belgium's Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School, were offered positions by over 250 companies across a wide range of industries, including JP Morgan, AIG, Apple , Tata TCS and LVMH. With tuition and living expenses in these 18-month programmes at less than half the US equivalent, these schools are opening other career doors, rather than closing them.As might be expected , a growing number of Western business schools are responding to opportunities in the region by setting up their own campus or teaching location . INSEAD , Chicago Booth and ESSEC are now well established in Singapore, Western Ontario-Ivey has made a second home in Hong Kong, HEC Paris has entered the Beijing market, and Duke University's Fuqua is developing a campus in Shanghai. Such expansion provides these schools with their own direct access to Asian MBA recruiters, offers students a handson Asian learning experience, and provides faculty research and case study opportunities in the world's most dynamic regional economy.(The writer is chief editor, MBA50.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867388", "title": "Visitors flock to Vandalur zoo to see white tiger cubs", "text": "CHENNAI: Six-year-old Akshaya was just a few feet away from two white tiger cubs at Vandalur zoo and couldn't control her excitement. For more than a hour, she watched the cubs at their enclosure from all angles.For the first time, visitors were allowed to take a look at the two cubs named as Rama and Chandran by chief minister J Jayalalithaa in September 2011. The cubs were with their parents Bhishma, 10, and Anu, 9, in their enclosure.The cub's parents were brought to Vandalur zoo from the National Zoological Park in Delhi on October 1, 2006. \"Along with Veera (a lion cub named by the chief minister along with two white tiger cubs last year), the two cubs are the star attractions at the zoo. Visitors especially children are keen in spending more time at the enclosure,\" said zoo director KSSVP Reddy, who is also chief conservator of forests.On an average, at least 4,000 visitors come to the zoo daily and during holidays and weekends the number of visitors goes up to 10,000. The zoo authorities allow people to watch the cubs the whole day rather than for a specified time. \"It's enjoyable to watch cubs playing. Despite the huge crowd in front of the enclosure, we managed to see the white tiger cubs,\" said K Chandrasekar, a resident of Besant Nagar.In March 23, 2009, Anu gave first birth to three cubs at Vandalur zoo. However, a week later, one of the cubs died, while the other cubs (Akansha and Namrutha) have grown up. Fifteen months later, she again gave birth to three cubs in 2010.At present, Vandalur zoo has 17 tigers. Of the nearly 200 zoos in the country, Arignar Anna Zoological Park is among the few to have white tigers. It is also the first zoo where white tigers have been successfully bred in captive breeding.Zoo officials said there are nearly 100 white tigers in the country. The Nandan Kanan zoo in Orissa, the world's largest habitat for white tigers, has 34 white tigers. Most of the white tigers were born through captive breeding. They measure 13 feet from nose to tail with the females being slightly smaller and weigh 500-700 pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11866596", "title": "She will always be our brightest star...", "text": "PUNE: Several pages have been dedicated to Anindyee Dhar on social networking sites.On one such page, her friend Aashay Khandekar, wrote, \"Anindyee, tears will flow and heart will pain, this was her life , said a drop of rain. Still, looking in the night at the peaceful sky, we'll always remember her and keep wondering - why? No matter how close she is, no matter how far, she'll always be for us-- the brightest star.\"The past two years have been extremely painful for Anindyee friends and the memories associated with her simply refuse to die down. Her friends, who have now moved to other cities, remember the cheerful and fun-loving 19-year-old Fergusson College student, who lost her life in the German Bakery bomb blaston February 13, 2010.Her elder brother Ankik, an IIT Kharagpur graduate, had come to Pune on February 13 and taken Anindyee and her friends to the eatery.In her blog post named -- 'nothingness' Anindyee had described herself. \"Behind a blurred vignette, I am strong and beautiful... most of the times. Sometimes I also feel ugly, but only rarely. The stupid motley crowd grows distant and dilute. But I prevail, I falter, but only rarely. I evade, elude, even escape...but still exist.\"Her friend from Kolkata, Chitrangada Chakraborty said, \"I still can't believe something has happened to her. She still exists for me. I feel she is in Pune studying and enjoying her life.\"She added that Anindyee was always happy about every success she had I achieved. \"I participated in a model hunt competition which I eventually won. She was present during the competition to support me. I felt so good that time because she was there to share my success and applaud my achievements,\" Chitrangada said.The first year was painful. There was hardly a day without remembering her, the friend said. \"It will be two years now and the feelings are still the same. I am slowly accepting the fact that she is no more and trying to come to terms with life,\" Chitrangada said.Another friend Abhijeet Agharkar said she was a very bright girl, full of curiosity and had several questions about life. \"Anindyee was the spirit and soul of our class and a friend to all of us,\" he added.Abhijeet, who is now working in Aurangabad, said she did well in English and economics and she always wanted to get into the details of everything she studied. \"Anindyee was a girl with many interests. She balanced extra-curricular activities along with her studies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870212", "title": "What TV Celebs doing this Valentine\u2019s Day?", "text": "From a romantic dinner to a shopping date and more, TV actresses tell Ismat Tahseen what they want to do on Cupid's DayRAGINI KHANNA: I haven't planned anything specific, as I believe in the spontaneity of love. For me, romance comes from moment; it could even be two people sitting together and simply enjoying each others' company. While earlier my fantasy was a yacht ride - now I think even a cutting chai in the rain can be so lovely. I guess I'm a madly romantic person and can find romance anywhere.RAKSHANDA KHAN: For us TV actors, the plans are determined by what stage our shooting schedule is, it's all dedicated by the telecast. On 14th February, I will be in exotic Naigaon (laughs) and, if by some stroke of luck I get to meet up with friends , I'll be happy. After all, Valentine's Day is not just about romantic love.POOJA GOR: On Valentine's Day I would love to take time out to be with Raj Singh Arora (her boyfriend). I'd get up leisurely, pamper myself then have a special lunch with him, followed by some shopping. Maybe then we'll go to a house party and spend the evening slow dancing. I am shooting so I am tied up but I still hope all of this comes true!URVASHI DHOLAKIA: I usually don't celebrate Valentine's Day; everyday should be a day of celebration... why single out one day? But given today's scenario where everyone is busy and time is precious to all, it makes a difference if someone takes out a little quality time for you. As for my plans, on February 14, I will be chilling out with a dear friend of mine. We have decided to go out and have a lot of fun!ANKITA LOKHANDE: According to me, girls never plan anything as I guess they like surprises from boys and so I haven't made any plans. Lets see if there are any surprises in store for me (smiles). It would be great if everyday was Valentine's Day as I love surprises!KASHMERA SHAH: Both Krushna (Abhishek) and I are big romantics but there is nothing pre-planned in our relationship - surprise is the key element for us. If I had to make a plan, I'd cook the food the food Krushna loves like salmon, and have it on a terrace. Only thing. it won't be our terrace, we'll sneak off elsewhere as we both have that element of masti and like to do things like that. I don't know what gift he will give me, but abhi propose nahi kiya toh maroongi usko!HINA KHAN: I am out of Mumbai at a special event in Delhi but I would love to be surprised by someone special. I'm hoping that Mr Right would take me to dinner, a dance...the works! It's such a romantic thought to be able to spend the day with the one you love.SANJEEDA SHEIKH: Aamir and I are getting married on March 1 so this is a very busy time for us, but it's also really romantic. Aamir's very good at surprising me, he knows my choice so I am sure it will be something I love. I hope that every day is like Valentine's Day after we get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11867549", "title": "Three serial burglars held, sent back to jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Three criminals wanted for burglary and murder were arrested by the police on Saturday.According to police, S Sudhakar alias Pulsar Sudha (32), R Ramkey (35) and S Dharani (28) were involved in burglary, murder and chain-snatching cases in Chennai, Tiruvallur, Cuddalore, Villupuram, Vellore and Andhra Pradesh. The three have been arrested and booked under Goondas Act many a time. They were released from prison recently.The police launched a hunt for the three after they tried to murder their aide Sakthivel, suspecting that he snitched on them to police. They were also wanted for murdering a person named Mohanraj of Korattur and looting his belongings on February 9.Based on a tip-off that the three were seen near Padi, the police launched a hunt and closed on them near Lucas Bridge. During interrogation they confessed that they were behind chain-snatchings and burglary in many parts of the city, including Ambattur, Adyar and Anna Nagar. \"They were also planning to murder some of their enemies in Tondiarpet and Korattur,\" said a police officer.Gold chains worth 100 sovereigns and other valuables to the tune of 25 lakh were seized from them. They have been sent to jail.In another incident, a 40-year-old woman was robbed at knifepoint on Saturday in Tondiarpet. Nagabushanam (40), who runs a beauty parlour in Tondiarpet, was returning home on her two-wheeler at 9.30pm when she was stopped by two motorists wearing helmet. They threatened to kill her if she did not part with her 15-sovereign chain. After snatching it from her, they sped away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "11866617", "title": "'Those memories still disturb me'", "text": "PUNE : \"The image of bodies strewn all over the place and screams of the injured disturb me even today. Whenever I think about the bomb blast at the German Bakery, the entire scene comes alive before my eyes,\" said Suhas Nadgouda.He was incharge of the Bund Garden police station when the bomb blast ripped through the popular eating joint. Nadgouda, who was the first police officer to reach the site within a few minutes after the blast, said, \"It was one of the most tragic incidents in my life.\" Nadgouda is now attached to the crime branch of the Pune police.For two days after the blast, he did not go home. \"I stayed at the police station and worked round the clock. But then, that was my job. Today, whenever I visit Koregaon Park, all the images of February 13, 2010 rush into my mind,\" he said.That day the Bund Garden police station was busy in bandobast duty. \"Since morning, our team had been deployed at a multiplex following a controversy over a film. Moreover, some celebrities were visiting a mall in our jurisdiction and there was a musical programme at a ground in our jurisdiction,\" Nadgouda recalled.He had finished patrolling Koregaon Park area earlier in the evening. \"I was there at the bakery around 4.30 pm. I then visited all our bandobast points and reached the site of the musical programme around 6 pm,\" he said. \"Around 6.55 pm, I got a call that a major blast had taken place near the bakery and bodies and injured people were lying on the road,\" he added.Nadgouda said that while rushing towards the bakery, he called the hospitals in the area and asked them to send their ambulances to the German bakery.\"The ambulances and I reached the site almost at the same time. Then assistant commissioner of police (crime) Sangramsinh Nishandar had also reached by then,\" he said.The scene was ghastly, he added. There was a lot of blood on North Main Road in front of the bakery. Bodies of the dead were all over and the injured were writhing in pain and crying for help. The local people and the workers of Ganesh mandals had gathered around the spot. But everyone was shocked and did not dare start rescue work, Nadgouda said.Nadgouda, his driver and a constable first started shifting the injured people to the ambulances. \"We stopped a laundry van of a neighbouring hotel and took the bed sheets to shifting them. Within 15 to 20 minutes, we had shifted them all,\" he said .The then additional commissioner of police Prabhatkumar had immediately deployed teams comprising a police inspector, two sub-inspectors and 10 policemen at the hospitals where the victims were sent.\"The worst part was yet to come. The police and the firemen had to pick up several body parts from the area and sent them to Sassoon General Hospital.\"I saw three bodies that were beyond recognition. Two of my uniforms were soaked in blood while shifting the injured and collecting the body parts,\" he recalled.He had taken care to cordon off the entire area and the blast site for evidence collection. Meanwhile, the anti-terrorism squad, forensic science laboratory and ATS teams from Gujarat, Bangalore, New Delhi and the army began to arrive at the spot. \"I had to coordinate with these teams,\" Nadgouda said.Immediately after the blast, he and inspector Sudhakar Kate and his team checked the housing societies in Koregaon Park for people who may have rented places just before the blast.Nadgouda said the ATS started investigations immediately. \"My job was to coordinate with all the investigating agencies and provide all information,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11865071", "title": "\u2018Pay insurance for ayurvedic treatment at private hospital\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum recently ordered an insurance company to pay for the treatment of a Parkinson's disease patient from Santa Cruz who had undergone ayurvedic treatment. Holding New India Assurance Company Ltd guilty for deficiency of service, the forum ordered it to pay Kantilal Hariya Rs 62,000 along with Rs 22,500 interest. Hariya will also receive Rs 10,000 as compensation.In a complaint filed with the forum on May 14, 2009, Hariya said he underwent treatment at an ayurvedic hospital for Parkinson's disease. The treatment lasted from April 7, 2008 to May 6, 2008 and Hariya then sent his claim to the insurance company. But the company replied that according to a new clause, expenses incurred for ayurvedic, homeopathic or unani treatment were admissible up to 25 % of the sum insured provided the treatment was at a government hospital. Hariya's claim was rejected as it was not a government hospital.Hariya said such conditions were not mentioned while availing of the insurance policy. He said he had undergone similar treatment earlier and was reimbursed. Hariya sent a notice in January 2009 and filed a complaint when he didn't get a reply.The insurance firm told the forum the condition was introduced when Hariya renewed his policy in 2008. But the forum said Hariya was not informed of the change. It said that when the policy was renewed and the changes were introduced, Hariya should have been told about them. \"The change was made unilaterally and such a change was voidable,\" the forum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865721", "title": "Students allege irregularities in pre PG med entrance exam, demand retest", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Yuwa Doctors Foundation (RYDF) on Sunday alleged irregularities in the state pre PG medical entrance examination held here on Saturday, saying it could affect the future of medical students.The Rajasthan University of Health Sciences conducted the online test but the students expressed their concern on the conduct of the online examination.RYDF state coordinator Vivek Machra said, \"The university has failed to keep the online test transparent and the students will have to pay dearly for it.\"He said more than 400 students could not take the test because of server failure. Another 200 students did not get full time because of wrong time-keeping by those in charge of the exam.The organization alleged that even before the test was complete, someone made the paper public on social networking sites like Facebook and Youtube . \"On the eve of the exam, there was a rumour that the paper will not follow the pattern of the DNB entrance paper. But, the paper came from the DNB paper. They alleged that the paper was leaked. This all indicates that the university failed to keep the test transparent for which the students paid a fee of Rs 5,000.\"Alleging irregularities, the students demanded that the university re-conduct the exam. The students also threatened to move court in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ambaji", "code": "11865534", "title": "Poetic Narendra Modi wraps up Sadbhavana at Ambaji", "text": "AMBAJI: \"Kahona Khuda se woh langar utha le, hum toofan ki zid dekhna chahate hai\". Chief minister Narendra Modi chose a poetic way to warn people of a storm of criticism, which he said would hit the state in the next 24 hours.Modi's warning in this temple town comes a day before a court in Ahmedabad conducts hearing on the Special Investigation Team (SIT) report on Gujarat riots, which has given him a clean chit.Interestingly, it was on September 17, five days after the Supreme Court refused to pass any order on prosecuting him in the post-Godhra riots that he embarked on Sadbhavana fasts. On Sunday, he wrapped up this state-wide mission, a day before the hearing on SIT report.\"Anti-Gujarat forces are ready with their strategy to attack me and the government again. They are unable to digest the success of Sadbhavana mission. But, I'm confident we will successfully counter this attack with our strength of peace, unity and brotherhood, and emerge unscathed,\" he said.Modi also attempted to tell people how riots were a thing of past in the state. \"There was a time when children here first learnt the word 'curfew' before speaking 'maa'. Today, the 10-year-olds do not know the meaning of curfew, lathicharge and tear gas. All this is history now,\" he said.He said that opposition is unable to digest the peace and development of Gujarat.\"They cannot see Muslims, Christians and people of other religions working together. A handful of people who are against Gujarat are baffled by the success of Sadbhavana,\" he said.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also came in for some harsh words from Modi, who accused him of making mere statements on malnutrition and doing nothing about it. \"He (Prime Minister) accepted that malnutrition was a shame, but what next. Expressing his pain will not solve the problem,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11865672", "title": "Police suspect same gang behind ATM thefts at Jaipur and Ajmer", "text": "JAIPUR: Owing to striking similarities between an unsuccessful theft bid at an ATM outlet here on Thursday night and a successful heist of Rs 26 lakh from another ATM counter in Ajmer district's Madanganj-Kishangarh on Friday night, police said both incidents were committed by the same gang.The fact that the same gang is involved in both cases is now almost confirmed going by their modus operandi and forensic evidence, assistant commissioner of police, Sadar Bajrang Singh, said.Some unidentified men tried to melt the door of an ATM of State Bank of India (SBI) in Hasanpura area on Thursday night. Part of the machine caught fire following which the burglars had to stop mid-way and escape. The ATM contained about Rs 13 lakh. Police recovered two oxygen cylinders, four water bottles, three screw drivers and chilli powder from the ATM unit.However, the burglars were successful in their second attempt at an ATM at Madanganj-Kishangarh area in Ajmer district. They stole Rs 26 lakh from the ATM of State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) at Makrana Junction on Friday night.\"The modus operandi is exactly the same. Ajmer police have also recovered gas cylinders used in cutting the ATM door open,\" said Singh.He added the police also found screw drivers there. \"The manner they attempted thefts at both the places is exactly the same,\" said the officer.He added burglars had locked the shutter from outside at both the places so that their theft bid could go undetected at least in the night giving them enough time to flee.A team has been rushed to Madanganj-Kishangarh to gather more details about the case. \"We have got some clues and hope to identify the burglars soon,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11865064", "title": "60% turnout in second phase of polling", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Second phase of polling for Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti elections in four tehsils in Gadchiroli concluded on Thursday. Though exact figures of polling were not available by evening, voters' turn out is expected to be over 60%.A total of 284 candidates including 105 contenders in 16 ZP seats and 179 contestants in 32 PS seats were in fray for the second phase of election held in Aheri, Etapalli, Sironcha and Bhamragad tehsils of Gadchiroli.Massive security arrangements with around 7000 personnel were made in four tehsils for the polls. Polling was held between 7.30am and 3pm in a total of 319 polling booths due to security reasons.Teams of security personnel escorted the polling parties to the booth and secured the area while voters exercised their franchise. Helicopters were used to transport the polling parties to booth located in difficult terrains and dense jungles. Polling started at a low note but picked up by afternoon. Moderate polling of 40.53% was reported by 1.30pm in four tehsils.However a good turn out of voters was reported during final hours of polling and poll figures are expected to rise over 60%, elections officers said. However exact figures could be available only on Monday after all polling parties reach back, they added. Earlier during first phase of polling in seven tehsils of Gadchiroli, a polling of 73.90% was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11865688", "title": "5 held for bomb attack on cops", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Five inter-state dacoits were arrested on Sunday, for being allegedly involved in Saturday's bomb-attack on policemen at Chaudhury Chowk, on the outskirts of Sambalpur town, in which five cops were injured.Police identified them as Sanjay Singh (33) of Bhawanipore (Kolkata), Ali Sheikh (26) of Maulasar (Birbhum), Lakhan Biswal (20) of Ganganagar ( 24 Paraganas), Aftab Khan (32) Khiditpur (Kolkata) and Kamal Mandal (42) of Lakhipur Marg (Burdwan). They had rented a house at Motijharan area of Sambalpur and were engaged in nefarious activities since the past few months. Police said that while Sanjay Singh, Aftab Khan and Kamal Mandal were already convicted to seven years' imprisonment in a dacoity case in Kolkata, accused Ali Sheikh was involved in a murder attempt case in Navi Mumbai.Police found the involvement of three more persons in the dacoity, identified as Bacchu, Ziz and Mehaboob, who managed to flee before police raided their hideout. Police are also looking for the house owner Mohammad Sonu, who not only provided the miscreants shelter but also gave all possible information about the area.Briefing about the incident on Sunday, Sambalpur SP Nikhil Kanodia said the gang was involved in two/three other dacoity incidents in Dhanupali and Sadar police station areas on December 19, December 24 and January 20 where miscreants looted on gun point. He said efforts were on to get the criminal records of the accused from Kolkata police.Kanodia said police recovered five mobile sets, two gold chains, one gold locket, two gold bangles, an ear ring, two pairs of anklets, an Omega wrist watch, two digital cameras, Rs 16,000 in cash and some ornaments from the arrested persons' possession.Meanwhile, police jawan Sukanta Seth, who was severely injured in the Saturday incident, was shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack. Though he is out of danger, he will have to undergo a surgery, Kanodia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872176", "title": "A befitting tribute to Bhupen Hazarika", "text": "Prominent singers Shaan , Shankar Mahadevan and Kailash Kher come together to release a tribute single for the late Bhupen Hazarika.Singers Shaan, Kailash Kher and Shankar Mahadevan have come together to release a tribute single to the late Bhupen Hazarika - Padma Vibhushan recipient and musician beyond excellence who passed away in November last year. Produced by award-winning music director/producer and a popular name in the advertising industry Vicckey Goswami, the song, which has been titled Bhupen Hazarika after the Bard of the Brahmaputra, seeks to pay tribute to the man's voice, charm and personality.The late Dr. Bhupen Hazarika was a multifaceted genius - a great poet, music composer, singer, actor, journalist, author and filmmaker of the very highest repute. He was the pioneer of Assam's film industry in the Northeast, and has therefore, rightly been hailed as the uncrowned king of North-Eastern India's cultural world. Says Goswami, \"It was a wonderful feeling having guys like Shaan, Shankar and Kailash singing out his name in joy. That was a huge high point in doing this song.\"\"I will always hold Bhupen da very close to my heart. He inspired me a lot, he was not only a great singer, musician but he was also a social communicator. Year after year through his speech, thinking, his songs, his music, his lyrics, he has always given us a message. I will always remember him and may his soul rest in peace,\" shares singer Shaan. Kailash Kher agrees as he chips in \"I have sung this song for Bhupen Hazarika. He is synonymous with Lok Sangeet, Lok Geet and Lok Sanskriti. Music is important to all of us and everybody needs music in their life. He did not write for entertainment but wrote for the true passion of music and he leveraged the true essence of music.\"Bhupen Hazarika is considered the only great ballad singer in India. Involved in the Indian movement from his very childhood, he wrote and composed masterpieces teeming with social consciousness which are in striking contrast to his famous love songs and has left behind a legacy and volumes of good music in a life that cannot be described as anything less than inspiring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871760", "title": "Punarvivaah is my last serial: Gurmeet Choudhary", "text": "After playing a number of roles, be it that of Lord Rama or the dashing Maan Singh Khurana, Gurmeet Choudhary is on the roll again.He continues to explore himself as an actor and takes up a new challenge with his latest show \" Punarvivaah\". However, for all you fans, there is bad news. After \" Punarvivaah\", Gurmeet will not be seen in any more daily soaps. When we contacted Gurmeet, he told us, \" I am doing a few films, but as far as daily soaps are concerned, this will be my last daily soap on television.\" But, we will get to see him as he is open to reality shows. \"I will not quit TV. I would be open to reality shows and anchoring,\" Gurmeet shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11866699", "title": "Phase II of panchayat polls today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A maximum of 56.54 lakh voters would cast their ballot in the second phase of the three-tier panchayat polls slated on Monday. Polling would be held at 20,481 booths (wards) in 1475 gram panchayats divided into 197 zilla parishad zones spread over 83 blocks in 30 districts, sources in State Election Commission said.Keeping in view poll disruptive activities witnessed at different places during the first phase of elections on Saturday, the commission on Sunday ordered repolling at 57 wards in 30 panchayats in 14 blocks spread over 10 districts. Repolling will be held on February 18 in five wards of Dhamnagar and one ward of Bhandaripokhari in Bhadrak; on February 14 in one ward of Barang in Cuttack; on February 16 in one ward of Dhenkanal Sadar in Dhenkanal; on February 19 in four wards of Aska in Ganjam; on February 18 in one ward of Barchana and one ward of Dharmasala in Jajpur; on February 19 in eight wards of Derabish in Kendrapada; on February 19 in two wards of Ghasipura in Keonjhar; on February 13 in one ward of Kalimela in Malkangiri; on February 19 in 22 wards of Brahmagiri, eight wards of Kanas and one ward of Krushnaprasad in Puri; and on February 19 in one ward of Gudari in Rayagada.State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy said for the second phase of polling district collectors have been advised to shift counting of votes to panchayat or block headquarters in case they consider some booth to be vulnerable to disturbances. The commission also advised polling personnel to be more watchful during voting and counting, deploy additional polling officials and police wherever required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11865742", "title": "Mr &amp; Miss Ectopia are...", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vibhushit of batch 2009 was declared Mr Ectopia and Gurkanwal Kaur Toor of batch 2007 Miss Ectopia on the concluding day of the 3-day colourful cultural festival, 'Ectopia-2012', which concluded at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) on Saturday.Gurkanwal, who is an MBBS intern, said, \"I secured first prize in many categories, including choreography, rangoli, skit and second prize in face painting, mehandi and group song and third prize in collage competition, which got me the coveted title. I also participated in painting, sketching and ad fads but did not win any prize.\" \"It always feels good when you win,\" says Gurkanwal, 2007 batch student of MBBS, who was looking gorgeous in black long coat and blue jeans.Patel Nagar resident Vibhushit said, \"I got the title as I won several prizes in many competitions. I got first prize in GK quiz, extempore speech, ad fads, second in debate and turncoat extempore speech and choreography and third prize in antakshri. I also participated in modelling event but didn't win.\" The undergraduate medical students of 2007 batch were declared overall winners for their excellent performances in various cultural activities. Batch 2009 was declared 2nd and batch 2008 3rd. The cultural extravaganza came to an end with glittering prize distribution ceremony along with exhilarating performances by the participants.A special fashion show saw several aspiring doctors walking the ramp in which 1st prize was bagged by batch 2007 and 2nd by batch 2008. The crowd-puller of the evening was the group dance contest in which the medical students left the audience spellbound with their electrifying performance based on foot-tapping folk and bollywood numbers.Best catwalk-Shaika Nauhria Best Attitude-Shaika Nauhria Best Appeal: Shubhneek Kaur Best Smile: Gurpreet Kaur Best Attitude Male: Rishabh Garg", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11865876", "title": "Over 22 crore high-value dealings under I-T lens", "text": "In a major crackdown, the income tax department has under its scanner more than 22 crore instances of high-value transactions in the country and abroad which include unreported credit card operations and real-estate deals. The department has obtained, through its data mining and intelligence tools, instances of unreported transactions involving an estimated amount of over Rs 2,000 crore. \"The department is verifying details of these unreported deals and a major operation is already underway in the country,\" a top I-T official said.The total deals under the probe lens are 22,52,06,979, the official said. The step is seen as a major drive to garner as much revenue as possible by the department before the fiscal closes and the budgetary target of Rs 5.32 lakh crore is achieved.According to the official data of the tax department, its officials are working on sale and purchase of house property by 6,23,384 individuals worth Rs 30 lakh each. These transactions were made during 2009-10 and 2010-11 financial years. The department is also working on 27,50, 545 individual cases where cash deposits aggregating to Rs 10 lakh or more were made in savings bank account during the same fiscal. Under the I-T scanner are 15,23,728 individuals who made payments of Rs 2 lakh or more against their credit cards in the same fiscal while 32,21,695 individuals who acquired mutual fund schemes of Rs 2 lakh or more, bonds or debentures of Rs 5 lakh and above, shares issued by companies worth Rs 1 lakh and RBI issued bonds worth Rs 5 lakh and more. \"These high value transactions have not been reflected on the I-T returns. \"The department has asked tax offices to get in touch with these taxpayers or individuals urging them to file the returns or revise them,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11865015", "title": "Vilapppilsala plant to reopen today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The waste collection process in the city will resume from Monday. \"The Vilappilsala waste plant has re-opened and is ready to function. From this week onwards waste will be carried to the factory,\" mayor K Chandrika said at a press meet here on Sunday.The garbage will be collected only from markets and other public places. The household waste will be processed using decentralised waste management. \"The corporation will soon install 1 lakh ring compost units in houses. The corporation has already issued notices to flats for setting up bio-gas plants. About 56 flats have already installed them,\" she said.When asked how the corporation would deal with resistance from Vilappil Janakiya Samithi, the mayor said it is the responsibility of state government. \"The corporation is just obeying the court directive. The court has asked the government to ensure police protection for the garbage-laden lorries. It is their job to prevent any casualties at Vilappilsala,\" she pointed out.At present, 300 loads of clay are required for sanitary land fill. The waste will be transported along with the clay. The transportation will be between 11 am and 5pm. All the garbage-laden lorries will be cleansed before returning to the city. Besides, a chemical potion will be sprayed to mitigate the stink from waste. The leachate treatment plant is almost ready and this could resolve the problem of liquid slurry, she said.The mayor said that the corporation will directly take over the functioning of the factory. A technical committee constituted by experts like RVG Menon, Babu Ambat and Ajayakumar Varma will monitor the treatment plant. The letter forwarded by Centre for Environment and Development announcing their withdrawal as operating agency of factory will be presented before the council.Chandrika also appealed to the members of Janakiya Samithi to remain calm. This is not a matter of dispute, but a real subject of concern. We are open to your suggestions and grievances. The corporation will not carry more than 90 tonne waste to Vilappilsala,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871244", "title": "What do Ajay Devgn, Katrina Kaif have in common?", "text": "What do Ajay Devgn and Katrina Kaif have in common? Now before his wife Kajol and Kat's beau Ranbir Kapoor think something fishy is afoot, let us tell you that they are both lazy!And they share a common love for Christmas. Or they hate change. Allow us to explain. While Katrina Kaif still has to take down Christmas decorations in her house from two years ago, the Devgn Dude hasn't changed his phone's instant messenger status. Ajay's status in Februrary reads: Happy Christmas! When quizzed about it Devgn says, \"I haven't had the time. I don't use the phone much.\" Kat's retort? \"I love the Christmassy feeling. It makes me cheerful.\" Sigh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11865359", "title": "Fadnavis refuses to campaign for Dhawade", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems no end to trouble for Anil Dhawade, BJP candidate from Garoba Maidan, as senior leaders refused to campaign for him.Though no leaders came out openly, city MLA from South West Devendra Fadnavis made it clear that he would not campaign for the notorious goon. Dhawade has several cases of murder, kidnapping, forgery, assault, extortion and criminal conspiracy against him. In spite of his criminal background, BJP has given him ticket.Apart from that, criminal cases against him have been registered at several police stations. He was booked under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act ( MCOCA) by Lakadganj police on May 8, 2008.Dhawade said he too had learnt about senior leaders including Fadnavis deciding not to campaign for him. \"I don't need any big leaders to bat for me.\" Dhawade, who has launched his campaign said while adding that he was getting excellent response and was certain about his victory.As BJP is trying to prove a party with clean image, many senior city party leaders including Fadnavis were dead against giving tickets to criminals for the civic polls. However, as Dhawade is believed to have played a major role in victory of BJP MLA Krishna Khopde in 2009 assembly polls, he was given ticket. Some leaders claimed that BJP national president Nitin Gadkari cleared Dhawade's nomination.Fadnavis confirmed that he was not campaigning for Dhawade. \"I was against Dhawade's nomination. However, the parliamentary board decided otherwise. Idealism always does not work in politics. Anil Dhawade's brother Prabhakar had lost to Satish Chaturvedi by just 2,000 votes in 1995 assembly elections. I asked board members that whether it was mandatory for me to campaign for Dhawade. When they said that it wasn't, I took this decision.\"Even though Fadnavis has washed his hands off Dhawade, the goon was inducted in the mayor-in-council when Fadnavis was the mayor in late 1990s.However, another BJP MLA Krishna Khopde said that he would definitely campaign for Dhawade as he was contesting the poll on party ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11865918", "title": "\u2018Kerala talent can help Western Australia thrive\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala, with its highly educated workforce and young people with good skill sets, holds great potential for Western Australia to exploit its talent pool, members of a parliamentary delegation from Western Australia said.At an interactive session with parliamentary delegates from Western Australia, organized by the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Kochi, Western Australia speaker Grant Woodhams said, \"What Western Australia would really like to take from Kerala are highly educated, skilled, young and talented people to come and work in Australia.''Woodhams is leading the five-member team to study the possibilities of opening up new areas of trade and development projects between the two countries.\"With a population of only 2.3 million people in Western Australia, the state has witnessed a significant shortage of labour and skills in recent years, leading to efforts by the government to encourage interstate and overseas migration,'' Woodhams said.He added that Western Australia offered world class infrastructure and a promising economic outlook coupled with a dynamic business environment, which attracted continued investment and generated positive growth.Western Australia was the centre of the LNG boom in Australia with three large gas fields off its northwest coast. There were various areas of co-operation between Western Australia and India, and agreements had been signed in areas such as procurement of LNG for the upcoming Petronet project in Kochi, he said.Western Australia's economy was largely driven by extraction and processing of a diverse range of mineral and petroleum commodities. The structure of the economy was closely linked to the abundance of natural resources found in the state, providing a comparative advantage in resource extraction and processing, the delegates said. Woodhams said that agriculture, fishing, fishing processes and deep sea resource utilization were other areas where Australia and Kerala could co-operate for mutual benefit.\"Another key area of exchange can be in the educational sector where Western Australia is world class, reflected by the fact that it is our second largest export by value for the state,\" Woodhams said. Tourism could be another common sector which had tremendous scope, especially due to geographical location and climatic conditions. Indian coffee and tea were well appreciated in Australia.\"India needs to be very aggressive in these markets,'' he said. \"There are lots of people who appreciate Indian food. Indian businessmen must look at the prospect of starting new hotels in Australia,'' he said. Australian Consul-General for South India David Holly said IT companies from Thiruvananthapuram were doing well in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11865833", "title": "Praful Patel faces CBI in-house probe over bribe link", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has started an in-house probe into pay-off allegations in the award of a $100 million Air India contract in 2007 when Praful Patel was civil aviation minister, a charge which he denied as \"baseless and preposterous\".The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) had approached the probe agency through diplomatic channels informing it about the scandal and allegations made against Indo-Canadian businessman Nazir Karigar who claimed that he had paid a bribe of $250,000 to an aide of Patel, official sources said. The contract has since been scrapped.The CBI had recently asked Canadian authorities for a statement from Karigar, who, according to a Canadian newspaper, was to be prosecuted by the authorities in Toronto under the newly-legislated Foreign Public Officials Act.CBI sources said the matter was being investigated by the agency's Secret Unit and it was not a formal preliminary enquiry or regular case yet.Air India had floated a tender in 2006 for computerised passenger face recognition biometrics system and the businessman was representing CrypoMetrics company. Karigar had claimed that he had met Patel through former Mumbai Police commissioner Hasan Gafoor and allegedly paid the bribe amount to the minister's aide for pushing the contract in favour of his company.The contract was, however, scrapped after internal objections by officials of Air India and civil aviation ministry. The written statement from Karigar would be helpful to CBI in carrying out further inquiry into the case, sources said.The alleged bribe scandal came to light after a report was published in leading Canadian newspaper Globe and the Mail which also named Patel, now heavy industry minister, as an intended beneficiary of a $250,000 bribe supposed to have been given by Karigar.A final call about registering a case would be taken by CBI after receiving a written statement from Karigar, sources said. Patel had earlier written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh terming the allegations as 'baseless and preposterous'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "lucknow/sultanpur", "code": "11866518", "title": "Gandhi siblings'double impact", "text": "LUCKNOW/SULTANPUR: Desperate to resurrect the Congress in UP, Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi stepped out of their traditional terrain of Amethi and Rae Bareli on Sunday. The siblings held a road show in Sultanpur, that covered a distance of 20 km and drew large crowds. The duo also stopped at two places to address the public.The first stop was in the newly formed assembly constituency of Lambhua that falls in the main city. Rahul's rhetoric that the Central funds sent for welfare of UP's poor never reached the beneficiaries drew wide applause and garlands from the listeners. The Congress leaders wooed the locals by calling Sultanpur his second home. \"Just like Rae Bareli and Amethi, Sultanpur too is my second home,\" he said.Aware that Sultanpur is predominantly an agrarians' district, Rahul didn't forget to mention the poor state of UP farmers.\"You all work in fields and your hands get rough but when you raised these hands to ask for your right, you got bullets in return,\" he said amid a loud applause from the public. Rahul asked the farmers to stop clapping for him. \"You all should not clap for anyone. Instead, the country should clap for you. I will clap for you,\" he added. Addressing the public, Priyanka said, \"Elections are round the corner and it is time that you all should strengthen your hand (showing her palm -- the Congress's election symbol).\" Raising the hands of Ram Shiromani - Congress candidate from Lambhua seat - she urged the people to vote for the Congress.Waving to people, collecting garlands and taking brief halts to shake hands with the waiting people, the Gandhis stopped in the reserved constituency of Kadipur to address at a nukkad sabha. Kadipur is Sultanpur's biggest assembly segment.The party has fielded Rajesh Kumar Gautam from here. Seeing a large assembly of women, Rahul said, \"A woman told me that her land has been acquired by some builders without her consent. The builders told her to vacate the land immediately. When she requested the cops to at least let her reap the standing crop, the police didn't help. Instead, they set the crop on fire.\"He quickly added that Congress was the only party sensitive towards the cause of women. To swing the votes in favour of the Congress Priyanka has been campaigning extensively in Amethi and Rae Bareli while Rahul is reaching out to every part of the state. Even Sonia Gandhi, despite being unwell, is addressing rallies in UP.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11866804", "title": "Bird hospital treats winged visitors and sets them free", "text": "GURGAON: Started three years ago, the Charity Birds Hospital, next to Jain Mandir in old city, has become a well-known name among citys nature lovers. The hospital has bridged the missing link by providing emergency services to birds which would not have survived had they been taken to any Delhi bird hospital for treatment in the formers absence.In the past, city residents had to take injured birds all the way to Delhi for treatment and majority of the birds used to die on the way. This was the reason which prompted N C Jain, an ex-bank employee, to set up the hospital in a small property owned by the family with the help of a few friends.Jain got full support from his friends who became the trusts members. Currently, the hospital is being run by 13 members who make monthly contributions. It also receives donations from nature lovers.The sole bird hospital in the district provides free treatment and has since its inception treated over 3,000 birds, besides setting over 400 birds free after recovery. The most common birds which are brought to the hospitals are sparrows, parrots, domestic fowls and pigeons, and peacocks.Jain informs that the hospital is set on the Jains principle of aversion to killing and standards set by the doctors of well-known Lal Mandir Bird Hospital near Red Fort in Delhi.The Gurgaon hospital has one permanent attendant Raj Kumar and two doctors on call who pay periodic visits to the hospital. Kumar, who has earlier worked with Lal Mandir Hospital, is nothing less than a doctor and knows everything about birds.Kumar says that the hospital sees around 10 outdoor patients daily. The birds generally suffer from paralysis due to electrocution or get injured by preying birds. Other ailments include eye infection, respiratory blockage and skin rashes.Also, there are people who bring their pet birds for treatment. They are given advices on how to treat them at home, because as a rule, any bird which is admitted here once is not returned back, but is set free after they recover, informs Kumar.Residents only have good words to say. Nadir Khan, a nature lover and a resident of Sector 57, who often take injured birds to the hospitals, says while one can find many veterinary hospitals in the city, the bird hospital is one of its kind and is doing a fabulous job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11869060", "title": "Banks grapple with illegal ATM withdrawals", "text": "BANGALORE: There appears to be a sudden rise in instances of ATM skimming. Over the past few days, a number of bank account holders in Bangalore have complained that money was illegally withdrawn from their accounts through ATMs and several have lodged police complaints.Metlife Insurance employee G Sreekumar, who has a Citibank account, said around 10.28am on February 4, Rs 10,000 was withdrawn from an ATM in RT Nagar. He was at home and the debit card was with him. \"I received an alert on my mobile phone. Even as I wondered what was going on, I received a second alert about withdrawal of another Rs 5,000,\" Sreekumar said.He later found through customer service that both transactions were carried out at a Citibank ATM on RT Nagar Main Road. \"I filed an FIR with the RT Nagar police station. The bank's service manager called to say the money will be reimbursed within four working days. So far, I haven't got a written statement from the bank,\" he said.BPO employee S Kumar, who also banks with Citibank, complained that Rs 10,000 was withdrawn from his account from an ICICI Bank ATM in Jayanagar the same day. \"No one other than me knows the PIN. I immediately called customer care and got my card blocked. I filed a complaint with the Jayanagar 5th Block police station and submitted a copy to Citibank,\" he said.In another instance, Shajahan U, an HR associate with JP Morgan, got two SMSes informing him that Rs 15,000 and Rs 10,000 were debited from his ICICI Bank account. This money was withdrawn from an ICICI Bank ATM in Jayanagar.Ayaz Sikander, a warehouse manager with an MNC, said Rs 24,100 was withdrawn from his Citibank account on February 4 from an ICICI Bank ATM in Jayanagar. Sikander filed an FIR with Jayanagar police.A Citibank spokesperson said debit card-skimming incidents had been reported at a few non-Citibank ATMs in Bangalore. \"We are proactively reaching out to those customers whose cards may have been compromised at these ATMs, to replace their debit cards,\" he said.An ICICI Bank spokesperson said, \"The compromised ATMs in Bangalore are of other banks and not of ours. Customers of all banks are free to use any ATM irrespective of which bank has installed the ATM. Hence, many such customers' cards across multiple banks have been impacted due to the skimming incident and ICICI Bank customers are one such small set of impacted customers.\"The bank has reached out to customers who may have used the compromised ATMs and replaced their cards. HDFC Bank too has offered fresh cards to customers who have used the compromised ATMs. TOI couldn't get an official confirmation on which ATMs the criminals had managed to pick up the card data from.A senior police official in Bangalore, who did not want to be named, said about 150 ATM skimming cases have come to the department's notice that are being investigated. He, however, could not say over what period these crimes had been committed.Sources in the banking industry told TOI that the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), an umbrella institution under RBI for all retail payments in the country, will discuss the issue. NCPI is probing the matter and sent a letter to banks on Thursday identifying five affected ATMs in the city so far, said sources privy to the information.Banks normally compensate customers who lose money, once it's confirmed that the loss was on account of problems on the bank's side.Data can be compromised at ATMs using a card skimmer kept in the swipe channel to capture the particulars of debit cards. An invisible camera fitted at the ATM records images of the keypad when you key in your password. In some cases, attackers keep a fake keyboard on top of the actual keyboard of the ATM machine to capture the PIN. Once the fraudster has the account details including the PIN, he makes a duplicate debit card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11874121", "title": "Sneha is not in Kochadaiyaan", "text": "Sneha has reportedly walked out of Kochadaiyaan. When enquired it was revealed that the shooting dates clashed with her wedding date and the actress is not too comfortable in postponing her marriage any further.Sneha and Prasanna had announced that they will enter into holy matrimony very soon but the lovebirds are yet to declare the wedding date. It is said that the wedding might take place in April and Sneha is busy with the arrangements.Following this, she decided to opt out of the film and Rukmini, who played the lead girl in Bommalattam, has fitted in the slot that Sneha had left vacant. Rukmini will play Rajinikanth's sister in this film.Source : Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11866700", "title": "IMC to construct Kesharbagh feeder road by March", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will construct a Kesharbagh feeder road from Mhow Naka Square to AB Road stretching to four-kilometer with 30-meter width costing upto Rs 15 core.MLAs Malani Gaur and Jitu Jirati with mayor Kirshnamurari Moghe performed bhoomi pujan on Sunday here. Construction of the road will begin in next three days.\"Currently the civic body is constructing feeder roads of 57 kms in various parts of the city. As of now around 17 feeder roads have been constructed while remaining 23 under construction feeder roads will be completed by March,\" mayor said adding, \"the road would ease traffic in the area and residents will get relieved from water-logging problems as road will now have storm drainage and footpath for pedestrians.The construction will begin from three different spots simultaneously-Chameli Devi School, Lokmanya Nagar and Press Complex area to finish the road within two months time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11865301", "title": "Rahul to address poll rally", "text": "VARANASI: In last ditch efforts to woo voters in favour of the Congress, Rahul Gandhi will address an election rally at Jalhupur in Shivpur assembly constituency on Monday. The Congress has fielded Virendra Singh on this seat. Meanwhile, the Bharatiya Janata Party is also trying to increase the support base by holding street plays at various places. Senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad addressed a seminar held at Bharatiya Shiksha Mandir Inter College on Sunday.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
{"city": "chandauli", "code": "11867601", "title": "Dirty Harry vs Scorpio in Chandauli", "text": "CHANDAULI: The home district of two former chief ministers - Kamlapati Tripathi and Rajnath Singh - is in the limelight during the poll season for the presence of mafia don Brijesh Singh in the contest. The don who remained fugitive for nearly two decades before he was arrested in 2008 in Orissa, is contesting from Saiyadraja seat. He is facing a former cop Shailendra Singh.The district, locals say, saw a rapid development in the heydays of Kamlapati Tripathi. Due to his efforts, the district got a huge network of canals which helped it turn into the 'rice bowl of east UP' . Now, lack of power and infrastructure has hit the production.The district has four assembly constituencies. But all eyes are on Saiyadraja. Here Brijesh is not contesting from any mainstream party but from an obscure outfit Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party. He hails from a strong political family with routes in almost all the parties. His brother Udaynath Singh alias Chulbul Singh, nephew Sushil Singh and wife Annapurna Singh have already been MLAs and MLCs. However, the battle is not a cakewalk for the don.His main rival is former deputy SP Shailendra Singh who resigned after opening a front against another mafiaturned-politician and Brisjesh's bete noire Mukhtar Ansari. But, contrary to the famous saying in crime world that enemy of enemy is friend is not proving right here as Shailendra could be found cautioning voters that if he lost the election, he would never contest from this seat in future. Samajwadi Party has also fielded a strong contender Ramashankar Singh alias Hiran Singh, who belongs to the family of party's MP Radhey Mohan.Brijesh's shadow looms over the neighbouring Sakaldiha seat as well. Here his nephew and sitting MLA Sushil Singh has jumped into the fray as an independent after Mayawati denied him the BSP ticket. The ruling party however has given ticket to the don's one-time associate Rambihari Chaubey. SP has fielded Prabhunath Yadav while Pramod Pandey is contesting on Congress's ticket.As one enters Bhabhaura, the village which has parental house of Rajnath, one can find that people have lot of respect for the former chief minister but not his party. The natives of this village which falls in Chakia constituency say that despite sending BJP candidate to the assembly in the past, nothing was done for the village during the BJP rule. In past two decades they have seen only one politician -- former SP MLA late Satya Prakash Sonekar -- coming to this village after winning the election, they say. Here BSP has retained its MLA Jitendra Kumar , who is facing challenge from Poonam Sonkar of SP, Madhukant Ishwar of Congress and Shiv Tapasya Paswan of BJP.From rice bowl to naxal denChhanbey(SC)Jitendra Kumar of Bahujan Samaj Party had defeated Satya Prakash Sonekar of Samajwadi Paryy while BJP and Congress stood at third and fourth positions respectivelyCandidates in fray- 17Jitendra Kumar of Bahujan Samaj Party, Poonam Sonekar of SP, Shiv Tapasya Paswan of BJP and Madhukanth Ishwar of CongressSaiyadrajaThis assembly area has come to existence during new delimitation. Mostly the areas of dissolved assembly area of Chandauli have been merged in itCandidates in fray- 16Sharda Prasad of BSP, Shailendra Singh of Congress, Ramashankar Singh alias Hiran Singh of SP and Brijesh Singh of Pragatisheel Manav Samaj PartyMughalsaraiRam Kishun of SP had secured this seat by defeating Babban of BSP while Chhabbo Patel of BJP &amp; Pushpa alias Madhu of Congress placed at third &amp; fourth positions respectivelyCandidates in fray- 18Satish Bind of Congress, Chhabbu Patel of BJP, Babu Lal of SP, Babban Singh Chauhan of BSP and Arwind Singh of Qaumi Ekta DalSakaldihaThis assembly area has come to existence during new limitation after dissolution of Dhanapur from where Shusil Singh had won on BSP ticket by defeating Prabhu Narain of SPCandidates in fray- 16Sushil Singh independent, Prabhu Narain Yadav of SP, Pramod Pandey of Congress, Rambihari Chaubey of BSP and Shashikant Rajbhar of BJPElections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-13"}
