{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348513", "title": "Contractor, 9 textile firm workers held", "text": "GURGAON: A day after a violent agitation by labourers at a major textile export company, the city police arrested nine labourers and their contractor and produced them in a city court on Tuesday. While the contractor was left out on bail, the labourers were sent to 14 days' judicial custody in Bhondsi jail.Meanwhile, all the three units of the company, Orient Craft, were back to normal from 11am on Tuesday and a force of 125 policemen was deployed as precaution.An assault on their colleague prompted about 2,000 workers of a major textile company in Gurgaon to go on the rampage on Monday, clashing with police and torching at least 14 vehicles. Around 2,000 labourers from all three units joined the protest. The mob threw stones inside the company premises and burnt vehicles parked in the factory including the official vehicle of ACP (Traffic) Ravindra Tomar.Meanwhile, the Haryana minister of state for Labour and Employment, Pandit Shiv Charan Lal Sharma, visited Gurgaon on Tuesday and reviewed the situation following the dispute between the contractor and labourers of Orient Craft which erupted on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12353571", "title": "'Minimal' presence of Maoists in northeast: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has noticed \"minimal\" presence of Maoists in the northeast region, home minister P Chidambaram told Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.\"In recent months, we have noticed minimal presence of Maoists in North-East,\" he said during Question Hour.So far, no case of Maoists indulging in smuggling of arms from across the border has come to notice, he said adding if Maoists take root in the region, they will soon smuggle arms from Myanmar or Bangladesh.He said insurgent outfits operating in the North-East have been procuring arms through smugglers based in Yunnan province of China, Myanmar and South East Asian countries.\"Most of the weapons (seized from insurgents) carry Chinese mark,\" he said, adding reportedly there are arms bazaars on Myanmar-China border.The government has raised its concerns with China, Myanmar and Bangladesh through diplomatic channels on the issue of reported smuggling of arms through their territories.\"Cooperation from Bangladesh is splendid ,\" he said adding there has been significant improvement in response from Myanmar after a new government took over.Effective domination of the India-Bangladesh and India-Myanmar borders by the security forces and regular patrolling along the border areas are being carried out. \"The erection of fencing and installation of flood lights along Indo-Bangladesh border has helped in controlling the smuggling of arms including other cross-border illegal activities.\"Noting that Indo-Myanmar border is more complex, he said regular patrolling and establishment of mobile vehicle check posts along India-Myanmar border have been put in place to check smuggling of arms.\"In order to prevent smuggling across the Indo-Myanmar border, a memorandum of understanding was signed between India and Myanmar in January, 1994, for maintenance of peace and tranquility in border areas,\" he said.Bilateral talks are held regularly at various fora between India and Myanmar and India and Bangladesh to discuss security related issues, including action to check smuggling of arms and effective guarding of borders, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12348090", "title": "Child buried alive as wall collapses", "text": "Varanasi: A two-and-a-half-year-old boy, Ankush, was buried alive when a wall collapsed after a tractor hit it in Maheshpur area under Manduadih police station limits on Tuesday.According to reports, Ankush, son of Toofani, was playing near the boundary wall of his house. In the meantime, a tractor driver lost control over the vehicle and the tractor hit the boundary wall. The wall collapsed and the boy got buried under its debris. Before his family members and villagers could rescue him, he died on the spot.In another incident, one Mohan Sharma of Korauta village under Lohta police station limits lodged a case with the police alleging that his mother and sister-in-law had sold his three-month-old son.According to reports, Mohan lodged the complaint with Lohta police on Monday evening. After it, his mother and wife of his elder brother returned home with the child. Taking serious note of it, police took Mahesh, his mother and brother to the police station for interrogation.Rewarded criminal nabbed: The Sonbhadra police nabbed a dreaded criminal, Shyam Kumar alias Shyam Bahadur of Madiyahu area in Jaunpur district, at Khanahana barrier under Anpara police station limits on Tuesday.According to police, the Anpara cops were busy in vehicle checking at Khanahana barrier when a suspicious looking youth tried to escape after damaging the barrier. The cops chased him down and recovered a countrymade revolver, five live cartridges and a stolen motorcycle from him.Later, he was identified as dreaded criminal Shyam on whom the police had announced a cash reward of Rs 25,000. Police were searching for him for his involvement in 24 cases including rape, attempt to murder and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353013", "title": "Arjun Rampal gears up for Chkravyuha", "text": "After Rajneeti the actor gets ready for yet another film with Prakash Jha, Chakravyuha.Arjun Rampal has been doing very selective films these days, mostly with renowned filmmakers. Having recently wrapped up Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine, Arjun is now getting set for Prakash Jha's forthcoming film Chkravyuha.Chakravyuha stars Abhay Deol and Manoj Bajpai in lead roles. The film's shooting will begin on April 7, and it will be shot mainly in Madhya Pradesh.\"Now to prepare for Prakash Jha's Chakravyuha, he is one of my favorite directors and spending some quality time with loved ones, before I disappear into MP,\" said Arjun, who is currently vacationing with wife Mehr Jessia in Thailand .The actor is believed to have a specific look for the film. Arjun will have to fine tune his Hindi before starting the film. Reportedly, Chakravyuha will have a political setting just like Prakash Jha's earlier films.The film has been written by Prakash Jha, Anjum Rajabali and Sagar Pandya. The music will be scored by Salim-Sulaiman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348496", "title": "Lawyer accused of sexual harassment", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-based lawyer working at the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) has landed in trouble for allegedly seeking sexual favours and demanding a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a 24-year-old woman who had approached him to settle a property dispute. The police took a complaint from the victim on Tuesday after hearing her on the SHRC premises.The 24-year-old girl and her mother from Amberpet had approached the commission last month to settle a family dispute. They met Ram Mohan Reddy who assured help and collected a fee of Rs 1,000 to submit their petition. The mother-daughter duo wanted the commission to grant them protection against a member of their family who was threatening them over a property dispute. They had also appealed to the commission to help them get their property share lawfully as they were facing financial trouble. The commission had ordered the authorities concerned to investigate the matter and submit a report soon.Meanwhile, Reddy contacted the victims and allegedly asked for a payment of Rs 50,000 claiming that he would have to bribe the members of the commission. Later he reportedly demanded that the daughter meet him alone at a city lodge if she wanted the case solved soon. Following this, the mother and daughter duo approached the commission and complained against Reddy. The commission took a serious note of the issue and called both the Abids police and the victim on their premises today and helped her lodge a complaint against the lawyer.K Shiva Kumar, Abids inspector, told TOI that they had filed a compliant. Cautioning the public, a commission official asserted that a lawyer's services are not required for approaching the SHRC. Gopal Singh, PRO of the commission, said, \"Those approaching the commission should not encourage middlemen. Having a lawyer is not compulsory for filing a petition at the SRHC and no added expenditure is involved in ensuring justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12349866", "title": "Quepem civic chief Colaco dislodged by no-trust motion", "text": "MARGAO: Quepem Municipal Council (QMC) chairperson Manuel Colaco was ousted in a no-confidence motion moved against him by eight councillors of the 10-member council.The motion was passed 7-0 when it was put to vote at a council meeting on Tuesday. Deputy collector Prashant Mirajkar presided over the meeting.Vice chairperson Dayesh Naik and councillors Amol Kanekar, Filu D'Costa, Camilo Simoes, Suchita Shirvoikar, Effie Pereira, Milagrina Fernandes and Caetani Fernandes had moved the no-confidence motion. Milagrina was absent for the meeting, while Colaco and two others also did not attend it.Colaco had contested the recent assembly election against Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar on the UGDP ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348878", "title": "Power cut on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Thursday.Teynampet: J.J.Rd, S.S.I.Rd, Basher Ahamed St, T.T.K.Rd, Ambujammal St.Anna Nagar: Z-G-I-S-V-U-T-Q-R-M-N-block, Belly Area, Entire P&T; Qrts., Udayam Colony, Vasantham Colony, Iswarya flats, 18 &amp; 20th main Rd, Garden View Apartments., Tower view Colony, K-4 Police Station, Police Qrts., AC Qrts., SI Qrts., Ambedkar Nagar, New Avadi Rd, Royal Enclave, Lotus Colony, Krishna Colony, Victory Colony, Bogunvilla Apartments., Annai Sathya Nagar, Mullai Nagar, Thendral Colony, Thiruvalluvar, Kambar Kudi Iruppu, Thangam Colony, Thirumoolar Colony.Mylapore: Dr Radhakrishnan Salai, Royapettah High Rd, V M St, Lloyds Rd 1, 2nd Lane, T T K Rd, Sripuram 1, 2., Srikrishnapuram, Chandra Baugh Avenue, Dr.Natesan Rd, Sivasamy Salai, Deiva Sigamani, Lakshmi puram, Appakannu St, CIT Colony, Judge Jambulingam St and Luz area", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348477", "title": "Abductions expose lapses in police vigil on foreigners", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Abduction of Italian Bosusco Paolo, who had been allegedly running a travel business at Puri without the knowledge of the administration, has opened floodgates of criticism for police for its poor intelligence and improper tracking of the movement of foreigners in the town. Paolo's is not the lone case where the vigilance of police has come under the scanner. There were many instances when foreigners were either found staying without valid visas or indulging in criminal activities.An Australian national was arrested on November 12, 2008 on charges of paedophilia and carrying an invalid passport in Puri. Earlier, a Slovenian citizen was booked under Section 14 of Foreigner's Act on September 6, 2008 for staying illegally in Puri. Besides, two British nationals were held for engaging in incidents of paedophilia in 1999 and 2000. Two Italians and an American were also booked on charges of rape in Puri in early 2000.\"In all those cases, the foreigners had stayed in Puri for longer period than permissible in their visa and police failed to track their activities. Police came to know about their illegal stay only after they ran into some kind of trouble,\" a hotelier said. \"There are still many foreigners in Puri whose activities are suspicious. Police should keep a close watch on them,\" he added.Nearly 20,000 foreign tourists visit Puri every year. \"Majority of them come on tourist visas that are valid for one month, two months or a maximum of one year,\" said a senior police officer.Official records say there are around 38 foreigners, who frequent Puri at least twice every year. \"We call them registered foreigners, who want to stay for longer period (more than 180 days) in Puri. They come to the SP's office to furnish some requisite documents,\" the police officer said.Currently, nearly seven foreigners, including four men are staying at Puri and Konark after getting married to Indian women. Sources said two of them (Italians) are Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) card holders that ensure them visa-free travel to India.Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said, \"We are on alert. But it's not always easy for police to keep track of foreign tourists. It is the responsibility of hoteliers and locals to inform us about suspicious foreign tourists.\"It is mandatory for foreigners to report to the district registration officer-cum-superintendent of police (DRO-cum-SP) about their arrival, departure and movement in the country. \"Not all foreigners come with ill intention. We stay here peacefully without causing harm or disturbing others,\" a foreigner said requesting anonymity. Most of the foreigners, preferring to stay for longer period, are elderly people, who choose to live here after retiring from their respective jobs in their home countries.Police said the immigration wing should help the former to track down foreigners staying illegally in India. \"If the immigration department finds a foreign tourist, who arrived at a particular international airport but did not leave the country from the same airport before the visa expiry date, the department can inquire about the foreigner from other international airports in the country. If it is found that the tourist has not left the country, then the immigration department can report this to police,\" another police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348633", "title": "Dumas development high on Surat Municipal Corporation agenda", "text": "SURAT: What if you have a Marine Drive in Surat too? Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) plans to do exactly this at Dumas which was brought within Surat city limits five years ago. SMC has decided to develop Dumas sea phase as a weekend getaway for city's 50 lakh population. The condition of the beach at present is quite bad. Unlike Marine Drive, Dumas shoreline is not clear. At places the shore is haphazard.A committee under additional city engineer Ketan Patel has been set up. It will conduct a survey before planning and executing the project.Patel, incharge of amusement park project at Magob and Tapi river front development scheme, said, \"I plan to develop this beach like Marine lines in Mumbai. A drive and a walk on the beach will become a reality in a couple of year's time. The three projects on completion would provide enough facilities for the local population.\"Standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel said, \"We will have a feasibility report done and appoint a consultant for planning. The sea phase development work would be put on a fast track.\"Dumas sea development plan will be spread along 4 km of the shoreline from Dumas to Bhimpore. It would have an open theatre, a children's park, a food plaza, a shopping mall, a walkway, a natural park and a garden .Till 2006-07, Dumas was under Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA). Though the state government had announced Dumas sea shore development plan, it some how never took off. SMC has launched many mega development plans of late. Development of Dumas sea beach too is one like them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349752", "title": "Husband held in connection with wife\u2019s brutal murder", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A day after Nirmala, a retired government employee, was battered to death in her residence, Peroorkada police on Tuesday arrested Mohandas, her husband on charges of uxoricide. Mohandas was arrested from the house of a friend, at Vellaikadavu near Vattiyoorkavu.Mohandas allegedly beaten Nirmala to death using the leg of a wooden chair, when she had refused to give him money for buying alcohol. After committing the crime he went into hiding. The police launched manhunt and collected details about his friends from the couple's sons Krishnadas and Vishnuprasad. That is how the police learned about Mohandas's friend at Vellaikadavu and the arrest was made.Mohandas seemed unperturbed by the crime, according to Peroorkada circle inspector V Jayachandran, who led the investigation. \"He showed no sign of remorse,\" said the inspector. Mohandas told the police that he used to beat up his wife often. On Sunday it went a little too far, Mohandas reportedly told police.It was Mohandas himself, who called up his sons in Kochi and informed them that Nirmala had fallen unconscious after he had beaten her up. He disconnected the phone immediately. Though the boys immediately alerted the Peroorkada police, by the time they reached the scene, Nirmala had breathed her last.The police added that though Mohandas showed criminal tendencies, which was a result of his addiction to alcohol, he did not have any past criminal records.Mohandas was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350007", "title": "Head of forest force calls for 'kurhad bandi' to save jungles", "text": "NAGPUR: March 21 is World Forestry Day. But before you celebrate, a grim reminder - each year more than 13 million hectares (32 million acres) of forests are lost world over, an area roughly the size of England. As go the forests so goes the plant and animal species they embrace - 80% of all terrestrial biodiversity.As the world gears up to celebrate the day, head of forest force (HoFF) of Maharashtra AK Joshi begins with a note of caution. \"We should not forget that forests just don't mean trees but it is an entire complex, living community. Most importantly, forests play a crucial role in climate change and healthy forests are one of the world's primary carbon sinks,\" says Joshi.Explaining the three facets of forestry - production, protection and recreation, Joshi said since 1971, lot of water has flown and production forestry concepts have changed. \"Production must come from conservation angle now. It's high time we think how to produce and what to produce. We need to involve people through joint forest management (JFM) and Forest Rights Act (FRA) in the process,\" he says.In a paradigm shift, Joshi informed, the government of India is strongly considering minimum support price (MSP) for minor forest produce (MFP) like gum, honey, lac, hirda, amla etc. A detailed meeting in this regard was held on March 16 to process the matter.To a question, Joshi admitted that excessive harvesting would degenerate our forests and such issues need to be handled scientifically. He called for 'kurhad bandi' (axe ban) to stop large-scale extraction of firewood in villages surrounding forests.\"Young trees, which could grow into big trees tomorrow, are being felled for fuelwood. Everybody should actively involve in prevention and creation of new forests. The state government is encouraging eco-friendly chulhas and biogas in vulnerable villages to stop the damage,\" said Joshi.Earlier, there was no proper planning when it came to mining. But now, due to amendments to laws, buffer zones have been created and restrictions imposed on detrimental activities. Declaring three new sanctuaries recently was the best example of protection.\"We need to follow basic principles of conservation and spread awareness about what is friendly to environment. Forests are basic resource base and research shows that there are around 8 million species of flora and fauna. It will be poor reflection on the earth if we don't save these species,\" Joshi appealed.Joshi has a valid argument: \"For other visible development, invisible assets should not be sacrificed.\" In India, the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) 1980 may appear Draconian, but it has helped a lot. \"The principle of 'polluter pays' under the said act has generated Rs 21,000 crore,\" he revealed.When asked can we imagine development without forests, Joshi says: \"Yes! That situation is coming. Climate change and forest carbon sequestration is the most debated issue worldwide. However, it will also depend on how national budgetary system gives importance to forests.\"On challenges, Joshi admits race for achieving double digit growth will come through more power plants, roads, mines etc. These projects are bound to affect forests causing mutilation of habitats. \"Arresting further fragmentation of forests poses a big challenge,\" says JoshiWhy World Forestry DayMarch 21 was chosen as the day to be celebrated as World Forestry Day offering information about the three key facets of forestry - protection, production and recreation. It is being celebrated for more than 40 years to remind communities of the importance of forests and the many benefits which we gain from them. The concept originated at the 23rd general assembly of the European Confederation of Agriculture in 1971. Later that year, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (UNFAO) gave support to the idea believing the event would contribute a great deal to public awareness about importance of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349254", "title": "New train to Ahmedabad", "text": "BANGALORE: As announced the budget, the new Yeshwantpur-Ahmedabad-Yeshwantpur has been introduced.Train No.19406 Ahmedabad-Yeshwantpur-Ahmedabad AC Weekly Express will leave Ahmedabad at 9.40pm on Saturday and reach Yeshwantpur at 6.40am on Monday. Train No.19405 will leave Yeshwantpur at 10.45am on Monday and reach Ahmedabad at 7.20pm on Tuesday.The first service from Ahmedabad will start on March 24; service from Yeshwantpur will begin on March 26. The train will run from Ahmedabad via Anand, Vadodara, Ankleshwar, Surat, Vapi, Vasai Road, Kalyan, Lonavala, Pune, Sholapur, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Badami, Gadag, Hubli, Davanagere and Arsikere to reach Yesvantpur. It will have 16 three-tier AC coaches, 1 first class AC coach, 3 two-tier AC coaches, 9 three-tier AC coaches, and 2 AC generator car-cum-guard vans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349278", "title": "Two persons surrender in Pardeshipura murder case", "text": "INDORE: Two persons, Ramu and Shyamu, involved in the murder of a history-sheeter -- Malkhan alias Sonu Tomar - surrendered before the Indore police on Tuesday. The murder took place at Jantar Mantar in Pardeshipura on Monday night. Two other accused, Golu and Rakesh, are still at large.Ramu and Shyamu, both brothers, are mechanics by profession. They reportedly had a scuffle with Malkhan over money extortion on the occasion of Holi. They are believed to have an old enmity too with the deceased.Though the police could not give the exact reason behind the murder, they believe the murder could be a consequence of either a gang war or alleged love affair between one of the accused's sister and Malkhan.Malkhan's name had surfaced in a high-profile murder case around two years ago. He was also booked in four other cases. He was rushed to the MY Hospital immediately after the incident where he breathed his last.Hunt is on to nab the other two accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347788", "title": "Guard found with throat slit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was found murdered under mysterious circumstances at the Malviya Nagar area of south Delhi. The deceased, Shaukat Ali, was found with his throat slit, police said. Ali is a native of Bihar and worked as a security guard with a builder.Since the last 3-4 years, Ali (65) had been living at the Khirkee Extension area with a 45-year-old woman and her two children. The woman's family is mysteriously absconding after the incident. Police suspect the woman's role behind the murder. Police teams have been sent to Buland Sheher to nab the family, sources said.Police was informed about Ali's body after it starting emitting foul smell. \"The man had been attacked with a sharp object. His body has been sent for autopsy and the family has been informed,\" a cop said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "12348597", "title": "Bitter times for sweet lemon farmers in state", "text": "NALGONDA: Sweet lemon crops spread over 60,000 acres in Nalgonda district have either perished or are on the verge of total destruction due to hostile weather and continuous drought. Sweet lemon is cultivated on 1.2 lakh acres of land in the district and the livelihood of about 25,000 farmers is likely to be affected due to crop damage.Horticulture officials said that adverse weather conditions had weakened the plants which were earlier hit by dry root rot disease. This is not the first time that the farmers are facing such a crisis - in 2008-09, sweet lemon plantations on 5,000 acres of land suffered irreversible damage.\"This time, the loss is going to be massive with almost half the crop facing damage,\" Venkatesham, district horticulture officer, told TOI.The crop suffered mainly due to defunct bore wells and lack of fresh inflows into the canals as water could not reach the orchards at the time of ripening of the fruit. Farmers in Devarakonda, Munugodu and Chityala constituencies are the worst-hit as they had no access to the Elimineti Madhava Reddy Project (EMRP) which encouraged the farmers to switch over from paddy to sweet lemon.The crop did not suffer in areas like Miryalaguda and Kodad which get water from EMRP. Sweet lemon is a perennial crop with two yields a year - one being in February-March. Rise in input costs and fertilizers, too, hit the farmers badly. The input cost for each acre cultivated is approximately Rs 30,000 but the farmers' hopes of realising Rs 60,000-70,000 per acre have taken a hit. If that was not enough, in Devarakonda, Bhongir, Aler, Chintapalli, Gurrampur, Ramannapeta and Valigonda mandadal, a majority of the ryots have fallen into a debt trap following damage to the orchards. Caught in a vicious cycle of dry patches and mounting debts, the farmers are looking to the government to bail them out.\"We have slogged hard and invested huge amounts in the crop after borrowing heavily. But all our hopes are dashed,\" Shankar Rao, a farmer from Chityala, said. He appealed to the government to extend an insurance cover to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12349896", "title": "Court grants seven-day police custody of Selvam", "text": "MADURAI: A judicial magistrate court of Madurai on Tuesday granted a seven-day custodial interrogation of Varichiyur Selvam, a notorious criminal who was nabbed after a shootout at a Dindigul lodge on March 12 in which a gang member was also killed.Judicial magistrate J Umamaheshwari gave the order after hearing the petition filed by Thevigapandian, police inspector of the Silaiman station. The police had sought a 10-day custody of the accused for conducting interrogation and find the real connection between him and several kidnapping incidents.Earlier the Silaiman police station had registered a case against Selvam and his gang members on the basis of the complaint given by V K Kathiravan, Bogalur DMK Union secretary. In his complaint Kathiravan had alleged that on 12 February, five persons entered the car he was travelling in and tied the hands and eyes of Kathiravan and the driver and demanded Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349274", "title": "Policemen nab robbers within an hour of crime", "text": "INDORE: Thanks to their swift action, police managed to arrest four people who were trying to escape after looting two men on Monday night. The accused posed themselves as cops.The incident took place at around 2 am near Lal Bagicha falling under MIG Police. Prakash Chauhan and his friend Mahesh were walking towards home after providing dinner to a relative admitted in MY Hospital.While they were crossing a bridge near Lal Bagicha, four people claiming themselves to be cops intercepted them for checking. They allegedly beat the victims and forced them to get into the mini bus (MP09 FA 3593) parked on the roadside. They also looted Rs 600 from Prakash and Rs 255 from Mahesh besides snatching their cell phones.The victims were freed a few metres away. Wasting no time, they reached MIG police station and informed the cops about the entire incident.All patrolling teams were subsequently informed and they managed to catch the four accused within half an hour of the incident.The accused were identified as Sumit, Ganesh, Manoj and Ravindra. Police impounded the mini bus used for the crime. The stolen money and the cell phones were also recovered. The accused were booked under section 394 of IPC and interrogation was on to find out if they were involved in other crimes as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12351051", "title": "Fresh state bid to ban smoking at public places", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state Commissionerate of Transport on Tuesday issued instructions to the all district transport officials and various organizations to take immediate measures - such as, displaying 'No Smoking Area- Smoking here is an Offence' boards - to impose a total ban on smoking in public transports and public places.\"The Commissionerate has also added that failure to comply with these provisions would be made punishable with fine up to Rs 200. Smoking in public places and transport is banned under Section 4 of the Control of Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) 2003,\" the spokesman said.The transport officials have been instructed to issue orders and notifications to all local and long-distance bus associations under their respective jurisdictions for compliance with immediate effect.\"In order to ensure continued compliance with legal provisions, traffic superintendent, assistant traffic superintendent, ticket collectors and conductors have been designated as the enforcing officers responsible for imposing the statutory provisions,\" the spokesman added.Public smoking has also been banned in the state in 2003, soon after the Tobacco Control Act, 2003, was introduced. The National Tobacco Control Programme ( NTCP) was subsequently merged under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in 2008, which at present is functioning in the state capital, Kamrup (metro) and Jorhat district. More districts are being brought under this programme.According to National Family Health Survey 2005-06, 36.4% of men and 0.6% women of the state are smokers. The study also showed that among schoolchildren 19.7% boys and 8.9% girls reported to have tried cigarettes.Transport officials have been instructed to issue orders and notifications to all local and long-distance bus associations under their respective jurisdictions for compliance with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12349074", "title": "Drought relief works come to a standstill", "text": "Hubli: The battle for leadership in the state BJP has cast its shadow over drought relief works in the state.While a number of MLAs and ministers are away from their constituencies to back former minister B S Yeddyurappa in his struggle for power, it is the hapless people in the drought-hit villages and taluks who are bearing the brunt. Many drought relief works have come to a standstill as officers are in a state of chaos and confusion. Be it measures to solve drinking water problem or employing people for works under the MGNREGA, officers have to get the approval from the MLAs in the respective constituencies. With the advancement of summer, drinking water and fodder scenario is grim in the state.According to sources, about 123 taluks of 24 districts in the state have been declared drought hit. Of them, majority of the taluks belong to north Karnataka and Hyderabad-Karantaka region. Apart from these two regions, Chitradurga and Tumkar are also reeling under severe drought.With the delay in taking up relief works, many villagers in Bijapur, Bidar, Yadgiri, Koppal, Bagalkot and Gadag in the north Karnataka region are beginning to migrate to neighboring states in search of jobs. With no trace of fodder in the region, some farmers are resorting to distress sale of their cattle. Drinking water has become so scarce that villagers are forced to drink contaminated water from bore wells with high fluoride content in several districts including Bidar, Yadagiri, Davangere, Raichur, Koppal and Bijapur.A senior revenue officer said it is the responsibility of each MLA to hold meetings with the tahasildar and other officers to review the situation and to give his approval to take up drought relief works in the respective taluks. Besides, district ministers should hold review meetings with the DC and other officers and approve drought relief works. But such meetings are simply not taking place as all the MLAs and ministers are busy in the power game. The need of the hour is to start goshalas in all drought hit taluks, to arrange for sufficient fodder, to tackle drinking water problem, and assigning works to the needy under MGNREGA.Speaking to TOI, Gangaram Baderia, regional commissioner said, \"We have taken measures to solve drinking water problem in Bijapur, Belgaum, Dharawd, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Gadag and Haveri district on priority basis.\" Somashekhar, statistical officer, revenue department said Rs 173 crore has been released for relief works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12348088", "title": "MPs owe over Rs 6 crore in electricity, water dues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliamentarians owe the public exchequer over Rs 6 crore in pending electricity and water dues, according to a RTI reply.The reply from New Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) has over 3,335 entries of pending water and electricity dues against MPs which total to over Rs 6.27 crore.The information was provided to RTI activist Subhash Agrawal by NDMC. During the hearing of a PIL on the issue, the Lok Sabha secretariat had informed the Delhi High Court in 2008 that dues from MPs are recovered by deducting amounts from their salary and pension.But it had added that in several cases, the dues were huge and it would take a long time to recover the entire amount.State-run telecom company MTNL had also said that it was facing difficulty in recovering dues from MPs and former lawmakers as they tended to file petitions in different parts of the country against the recovery process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352372", "title": "Nikhil Dwivedi surprises wife on first anniversary", "text": "The actor planned a surprise trip to Macau for that special romantic getaway with wife Gaurie.Juggling between his two films Vikram Bhatt's Hate Story and Suryaveer's Tamanchey , it never struck Nikhil Dwivedi that his marriage already completed one year. \"The year just flew by so fast. It was truly a wonderful time for both of us. Gaurie is my lucky charm\", says Nikhil.So Nikhil decided to play the perfect husband and surprise wife Gaurie on their first wedding anniversary. He planned a surprise trip to Macau, a former Portuguese colony, which has the perfect blend of Chinese and European architecture. \"It was quality well spent together exploring the Macau peninsula, the world heritage site designated by UNESCO , the galaxy casino resort, Monte forte lighthouse and the maritime museum\", says Nikhil.Both especially loved the cultural themed Macau fisherman wharf, Giant Panda pavilion and Leal Senado public library. \"But the most romantic place was the Nam Van lake cybernetic fountain\", he sums up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349800", "title": "Departed souls get rich tributes from the house", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday paid rich tributes to eminent Goan cartoonist Padma Vibushan Mario Miranda , famous Goan film music composer Anthony Gonsalves and other recently-deceased personalities of the state.Speaking on an obituary reference to several eminent personalities who passed away recently, chief minister Manohar Parrikar praised the work and character of noted cartoonist Mario Miranda. Parrikar recalled that when he constructed the Panaji municipal market a few years ago, he invited Miranda to paint one of the walls there. Miranda was so delighted with the new market, that he painted the wall for free and refused to accept any payment from the government, Parrikar said. The chief minister said Miranda's painting in the Panaji municipal market will be \"touched up\" soon.Members of the Goa legislative assembly also heaped eulogies on Hindi film music composer Anthony Gonsalves. Urban development minister Francis D'Souza recounted the various milestones in Gonsalves' musical journey from Goa to Mumbai and USA. Members of the house prayed that the families of the deceased get the courage to bear the loss of their loved ones.The Goa Legislative assembly also made obituary references to former MLA Jaisinghrao Rane from Sattari, former MLA Narsinhbhai Lallubhai Tandel, renowned music teacher Narayan alias Nana Shirgaonkar, eminent journalist and poet Narendra Bodke and victims of the recent bus tragedies in Calvim and Usgao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352297", "title": "This is the house that Krrish built", "text": "Mirror gets a sneak peek into the superhero's bungalow that is being erected in Film City, MumbaiThe schedule in Hyderabad is over and the Krrish 3 team is ready to take their film forward in aamchi Mumbai. For the new schedule, National Award winning art director Sabu Cyril has erected a big Rs 1 crore villa on the helipad of Film City, Goregaon. Mumbai Mirror gets you a sneak peek.The bungalow that you see in the picture is meant to be Hrithik Roshan's aka the superhero Krrish's residence. Situated on the helipad in Film City, the bungalow overlooks the road that connects the studio premises to Powai lake and has a panoramic view of the city.The house where Krrish is supposed to be living with the once alive character of Rekha is still in the process of being built. Mirror spotted Rakesh Roshan's production unit working relentlessly to make it livable when the cast and crew finally arrive and start shooting from March 23.Apart from general scenes between Hrithik and leading lady Priyanka Chopra , the schedule will also see a lot of action sequences being shot here.Rekha will however not be part of the film. Her character will be present in the form of a garlanded picture in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349730", "title": "A ray of hope for a better tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Around seven teachers and 20 students of the Government Polytechnic college, Neyyatinkara attended a workshop last week at which they were taken through the step-by-step procedure of manufacturing solar-powered lamps. The workshop was organized by the Trivandrum Global City of Innovation.The workshop was part of the MHRD-CDPT (ministry of human resource development and community development through polytechnic) scheme which aims at training polytechnic students to help children of the fishing communities residing in Kulathoor panchayat to become self-employed and also help conserve energy.\"The MHRD-CDPT scheme has a five-pronged approach and the solar lamp manufacturing training was undertaken as part of the 'Disseminate and Application of Appropriate Technologies' segment. Seven teachers and 20 students were taken through the training to create a sturdy reading lamp under half a foot and made of bamboo,\" said G Pavithra Kumar, internal coordinator of community development through Polytechnic.Over the last year, students of the polytechnic have trained 1,200 people from the rural sector in science and technology applications.\"The solar/LED lamp is a simple and powerful way to support the region with renewable energy and practical waste management at the same time,\" said Alexei Levene MD of TGCi.As part of the MHRD-CDPT programme's technical service camp, polytechnic students have rewired 100 houses in Poovar and fixed around 25 cots at the primary health centre in Poovar. \"Now that the students have understood how to make the lamp, we require start-up capital to roll-out the programme to rural areas. Alternatively, production of the solar lamp can also be undertaken at the polytechnic college,\" said Kumar. The college's hopes for monetary assistance are pinned on the district panchayat or the MP's fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348478", "title": "City gasps for oxygen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Experts feel the city's tree cover is far too less for its populace of 55.71 lakh. Director of Centre for Environment Education (CEE) Kartikeya Sarabhai said that satellite images of the city show several areas which are just concrete jungles. In the new western part of the city, one can hardly find any greenery. Sarabhai said during his recent visit to New York in the US, he came across several land plots in the prime areas which had been converted into the lungs of the city through tree plantation. \"A healthy city is one where no child is forced to walk long distances to reach to a park,\" said Sarabhai.He said that just taking up greening campaigns will not help. \"In fact one has to take care of the trees that already exist or are being planted. Even if schools, colleges and institutes are made greener, the city would be able to improve its health. The number trees per hectare should double in the next five years,\" said Sarabhai.Additional principal chief conservator of forest (social forestry ) H S Singh, when contacted refused to comment on the tree count data which is yet to be officially released. \"We had decided to carry out the count to find out the exact number of trees in all municipal corporations of Gujarat. Details of Ahmedabad city are awaited,\" said Singh. He, however, added that Delhi has 32 trees per hectare while the figure for Chandigarh was 40.Taru Mitra's Bhavna Ramkhiani said that ideally there should be two trees per person. \"Leave alone planting trees, even if we just stop axing the existing trees, it will give a huge relief,\" she said.Taru Mitra is an non-government organization working to creating awareness on the issue. Ramkhiani added that the city hosts reputed planning institutes. \"The municipal corporation while preparing a roadmap for any development project has to take help of these institutions to ensure that the trees are not cut,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349744", "title": "Oscar film festival in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Chalachitra Academy is organizing a festival of Oscar award winning films of 2011 from March 23 to 29 at the Sree Padmanabha Theatre here.Minister for cinema, K B Ganesh Kumar would inaugurate the festival at 1.30 pm at Padmanabha on Friday. There will be three regular shows of each film at 2.00 pm, 5.30 pm and 8.00 pm on every day.Entry pass for all days together would cost Rs 200. Passes are available at the theatreThe films being screened are: 'The Artiste' (dir: Michel Hazanavicius), 'The Help' (dir: Tate Taylor), 'The Descendants' (dir: Alexande Payne), 'The Tree of Life' (dir: Terence Mallick), 'Tinker Tailor', 'Soldier', 'Spy' (dir: Tomas Alfredson), 'The Ides of March' (dir: George Clooney), 'The War Horse' (dir: Steven Spielberg), 'The Muppets' ( dir: James Bobin).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349615", "title": "CBI yet to tie loose ends in Bhanwari case", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Tuesday said the Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI) report on the bones collected from Jaloda village in Jodhpur rural in the Bhanwari Devi case will arrive by March 26. As the agency is eagerly waiting for the report to prove that the nurse is dead, several loose ends are yet to be tied.Several accused turning hostile after recording their statement before the magistrate, failure to trace key accused Indra Bishnoi may affect the prosecution's case, said experts. In such a scenario, the FBI's report could prove to a major deciding factor in the case.The trial against 13 accused including sacked minister Mahipal Maderna and legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi will begin from March 27. According to CBI sources, the FBI's report is likely to arrive few days before the trial commences.\"The agency has been intimated informally by the FBI that the report will arrive within a week,\" said CBI sources. Confirming this, CBI spokesperson Dharani Mishra said the bones are being examined at the FBI's forensic laboratory.The agency had sent the bones to FBI to get them examined through 'touch DNA' technology which is not available in India. The decision was taken as the few pieces of bones recovered from the spot were burnt to an extent where their forensic examination was not possible under technology available here.The reports of the bones being those of animals last month had dealt a heavy blow to the ongoing CBI investigation as several accused who had recorded their statement under Section 164 of CrPC had turned hostile or refused to testify after that.Bhanwari's husband Amarchand and other key suspects including Sahiram Bishnoi, Umesharam Bishnoi, Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakha have already retracted from their statement recorded before a magistrate. They have all requested the court not to read their statement during trial.Besides, the CBI in its chargesheet had projected Malkhan Singh's sister Indra Bishnoi as the key suspect in the case, the first person to hatch the conspiracy behind Maderna's blackmail and Bhanwari's murder.The agency, however, has failed to trace her over the past four months since she went missing. The Circuit House in Jodhpur which used to be abuzz with the presence of CBI sleuths is wearing a deserted look these days. Apparently, efforts to trace the nurse have been stalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348931", "title": "New judge for Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: A new additional judge has been appointed for Madras high court. The name of M Vijayaraghavan, a district judge who retired in November 2011, has been cleared for appointment as additional judge of the court, taking the total number of judges to 54.Though Vijayaraghavan's name figured in the seven-candidate list forwarded to the Supreme Court collegium in January 2011, his name alone was 'deferred' for further certain clarifications. While three other district judges were selected, Vijayaraghavan had to wait for more than five months to get a call. In the meanwhile, he even attained superannuation in November 2011.Vijayaraghavan was working as district judge in Tirunelveli when his name was shortlisted and recommended for elevation as high court judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12352448", "title": "After Karnataka, Gujarat MLAs allegedly watch porn in House", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat assembly was rocked by its version of the Karnataka-like 'porngate' on Wednesday when the Congress party accused two BJP MLAs of watching objectionable material on a tablet yesterday in the house.The two MLAs, Shankar Choudhary of Radhanpur and Jetha Bharwad of Sehera in Panchmahal, have denied the allegations.A journalist has submitted a video clip which shows the two legislators watching something on a tablet, but it was not clear exactly what. \"The claim is baseless and without any truth,\" Choudhary later told TOI. \"I often draft letters and other official documents in the House just to get some office work done. That is all I was doing when the clip was made.\"The tablet has been handed over to the secretary of the assembly and the speaker has ordered an inquiry to find out exactly what the gadget contained. Forensic experts may be roped in just in case the objectionable material may have been deleted.Choudhary, one of the younger leaders of the BJP in the legislative, also made a statement in the house on the issue on Wednesday afternoon but by then all Congress MLAs had been suspended for the day for protesting loudly and not allowing the house to function.A Karnataka legislature committee, set up to probe the porngate episode earlier, had given a clean chit to two former ministers who were allegedly caught watching objectionable material in the state assembly.The committee headed by Srishailappa Bidarur absolved CC Patil and Krishna Palemar in its report submitted to the assembly speaker KG Bopaiah in a sealed cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12349859", "title": "Kandolkar back as Mapusa civic chief", "text": "MAPUSA: Sudhir Kandolkar has been elected unopposed as the new chairperson of Mapusa municipal council (MMC) on Tuesday. The post of chairperson fell vacant after a no confidence motion was passed against Ashish Shirodkar on March 16.Two nominations were filed for the post of the chairperson-Sudhir Kandolkar and Michael Carrasco. However, Michael Carrasco withdrew his nomination clearing the way clear for Kandolkar. Presiding officer Bardez deputy collector Jayant Tari declared that Sudhir Kandolkar was elected unopposed as the chairperson of the Mapusa Municipal Council. All 15 councillors, besides chief officer of the municipality Damodar Morajkar were present.Earlier, a no-trust motion was moved against former chairperson Ashish Shirodkar by the eight councillors stating that Shirodkar should be removed from the post as he had lost the confidence of the council. On March 16, at a special council meeting convened to discuss the motion, Ashish Shirodkar lost the no-trust motion by 8 votes.Kandolkar said his priorities would be setting up a garbage treatment plant and creating parking space in the town. \"Land has already been acquired for the garbage treatment plant. Traffic congestions are increasing by the day in Mapusa as the town is a transit point. We will try to identify places for parking space,\" Kandolkar said.This is the second time Kandolkar has been elected chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12349798", "title": "Rival bootlegger laced hooch with toxic chemicals, say cops", "text": "VADODARA: Investigation into the spurious liquor case that led to four deaths has revealed that a rival bootlegger had mixed some chemical powder in the liquor. Investigating officials said that business rivalry between two bootleggers led to the incident wherein about 24 people took ill and were admitted to hospital. While two people died on March 13 after consuming liquor at Panej village in Sankheda taluka, two others died later during treatment.The cops had earlier suspected that bootlegger Rama Tadvi, who is prime accused in the case, had added some chemical to the liquor to make it strong for a better high.However, now the police claim that Rama's rival bootlegger Bhuriyo alias Dilipsinh Somsinh Parmar had hatched the conspiracy. \"Parmar and Tadvi used to brew liquor together and were business partners earlier. However, later they fell out and Parmar started his own business of selling liquor,\" said R D Patel, DySP, Dabhoi.Police said that Parmar was jealous of Tadvi as the latter got more customers. \"Tadvi used to make strong liquor and hence customers preferred his liquor. Parmar got jealous of Tadvi and started targeting him. Last year, Parmar also tipped cops about the place where Tadvi used to make liquor following which the police raided the spot,\" said a police official.Parmar then allegedly made a plan to trap Tadvi. He roped in Raman Tadvi who used to fill liquor in plastic bags at Rama's place. Raman allegedly mixed some powder, which cops claim is pesticide, in the liquor on the morning of March 13. Police suspect that the powder caused the deaths.\"We will arrest Parmar soon. Also, we are waiting for the report to find out the chemical that was mixed in the spurious liquor,\" Patel told TOI.District collector Vinod Rao said, \"I don't have any idea of the police inquiry. I have asked the SDM to carry out independent inquiry into the incident it will take some time before the report is submitted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12349992", "title": "Tiger Airways flight to Singapore from city soon?", "text": "NAGPUR: After Air Asia and Silk Air, another Singapore-based low cost airline Tiger Airways has shown interest in starting operations from Nagpur to Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand .Senior airport director and CEO of Mihan India Limited (MIL) VK Yadava confirmed that a team of Tiger Airways officials is visited the city airport and held discussions with MIL chairman UPS Madan and other officials to check possibility of starting flights from here on Tuesday.The airline officials collected data about international and domestic flights, passenger traffic from city, tourist destinations in Vidarbha, and facilities provided by MIL, Yadava informed. The team appeared satisfied with the airport infrastructure which has everything an international airline would need. Since last two days the team is in city for a market and passenger traffic survey. They will take final decision about starting flights and finalize schedule after returning, he said.MIL is taking interest from world's largest international low cost airline as a positive development. At present, only Air Arabia operates lone international flight from city to Sharjah. The airlines officials also met with officials of Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) to find out tourism opportunities in Vidarbha region and information about tourist flow from the region to Singapore and other places.MTDC Regional Manager RB Serje said, \"Tiger Airways officials also sought information about Pench Tiger reserve, Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve and Lonar in Buldhana district. We told them that almost 8000 tourists from the region visit Singapore and Malaysia annually while a similar number of tourists from Singapore and other countries visited Vidarbha. Tiger Airways is also keen to start a joint venture with MTDC for wildlife tourism in Vidarbha.\"However, a senior MIL official added a dash of scepticism. He said, \"a few months back officials of Air Asia and Silk Air had visited the city and held meetings with MIL officials. But, their plans have not taken any shape.\"Nagpur airport was accorded international airport status four years ago. At its peak, there were four international flights-Qatar Airways to Doha, Air India Express to Dubai, Air India to Bangkok and Air Arabia to Sharjah. Initially, the flights received good response but later these were withdrawn as passenger traffic dipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12349378", "title": "In cyber hub, just one cop for 457 residents", "text": "GURGAON: Compared with its neighbours Delhi and Noida, the city is financially better off but has the worst policepublic ratio. For its 15 lakh residents, and a large floating population, Gurgaon has only 3,280 police personnel although its sanctioned police strength is 4,822. Officers at the Haryana Police headquarters in Panchkula blame the state's overall staff shortage for this state of affairs.In Gurgaon, there's one cop for every 457 people, less than half the ratio for Delhi. Two other metropolitan cities - Mumbai and Kolkata - also fare better than the city, which is home to several Fortune 500 companies. Much of the force dilution results from deployment out of the urban areas in the rural zones of the west district.The numbers have remained dismal despite chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's insistence on the need to bring police density in Gurgaon on a par with Delhi's at various meetings on law and order issues. Haryana has been considering seeking Central assistance for improving security in Gurgaon although the city generates at least 40% of the state's revenue.The weak police presence in the city was exposed again on Monday when mob violence erupted outside an export house. The policemen sent to control the riot proved ineffective while 14 vehicles were set alight by the 2,000-strong mob. A senior inspector from old Gurgaon told TOI that the situation spun out of control only because the police were low on numbers and did not have even basic equipment.\"They were pelting stones. I was hit thrice and still have bruises on my leg. It was a fiasco. We need more cops to handle such crises\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349786", "title": "Goa economic survey 2011-12 states to boost tourism", "text": "PORVORIM: A golf course, a convention centre, beautification of beaches including Colva and Baga and the setting up of a Goa Haat are some of the initiatives of the state government intended to boost tourism in Goa, the Goa economic survey 2011-12, states. However, whether the new Manohar Parrikar-led government will review the initiatives of the last government is to be seen. Some announcements are likely in the budget the chief minister will present in the Goa assembly on Wednesday.Presented to the Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday, the economic survey states that the Goa government has invited expressions of interest for setting up golf course and allied services under large revenue generation (LRG) scheme of the government of India, under which the central government gives subsidy of 50 crore. One proposal has already been accepted and approval would be submitted to the government of India for release of funds, the survey states.It also states that the central government has sanctioned 5 crore for the construction of the convention centre out of which the centre has released 400 lakh during 2011-12. The union ministry of tourism has sanctioned an amount of 1,200 lakh for the project and has released 400 lakh during the current financial year. To give a facelift to Colva beach, the central government has sanctioned 758.07 lakh of which 606.45 lakh has been released during the current financial year.The Baga-Calangute beach stretch will also get a facelift. The central government has sanctioned 497.84 lakh of which 398.27 lakh has been released during 2011-12, the survey states.The Goa government proposed to have a Goa Haat at Patto, Panaji. The Goa Haat envisages multi-cuisine restaurants, display of handicrafts of all states, stage for performances, etc. This is expected to make tourists extend their stay and spend more on tourist facilities in Goa. The central government has already sanctioned 500 lakh of which, they have already released 400 lakh to start the work, the survey states.The survey informs that 420 lifeguards have been appointed with latest life-saving equipment and deployed on almost all beaches of Goa. Besides, they have undertaken the work of night patrolling services on specified beaches of Goa. The survey also informs that special tourist security force comprising ex-servicemen is formulated in order to provide additional protection and guidance to the tourists visiting Goa. These have been posted at various beaches. Besides, 250 tourist wardens and another 250 assistant tourist wardens are being recruited, the economic survey states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12349991", "title": "Micronutrients being given to rural children", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Apart from School Eye Screening Performance (SESP) programme for children, the district health department is laying stress on providing micronutrients to rural children to check cases of micronutrient deficiency.Though micronutrients are only needed in petite quantity, the consequence of having a deficiency of one or more micronutrients can be serious. For instance, elements like iodine, iron and vitamin A are important to develop immunity among children.Deficiencies of micronutrients are commonly associated with chronic appetite. Lack of iodine, iron and vitamin A have a negative effect on children's physical and mental development leading to stunted growth, poor cognitive function and poor school performance. Acute deficiency of micronutrients may also lead to retardation and blindness.Chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI that with the help of UNICEF, the health department is distributing essential micronutrients among rural kids to improve their health status. He added that teams of doctors have been taking rounds of primary schools and remote villages and examining children and offering necessary medicines.Even parents of children were apprised about the importance of micronutrients and health cards have also been issued to children. For instance, vitamin A is essential for eyes, skin and the proper function of the immune system.Similarly, iron for essential for making hemoglobin which transports oxygen in the blood to produce energy. Zinc for Cell division, protein synthesis, growth, virtually all enzyme activity, immune system, metabolism of vitamin A, B Complex &amp; fatty acids, all aspects of reproduction, energy production, condition of skin, hair &amp; nails. And, manganese is needed for tendon and bone structure, an activator for enzymes, co-factor in lipid, protein &amp; carbohydrate metabolism.During the programme, officials found that parents were not aware about the diet chart especially what factors responsible for improving health.Parents were also called up at primary health centers and offered a set of guidelines to follow (apart from medicines). Children were also offered vitamin A tablets.The department has already covered over 25,000 children in 20 blocks of Allahabad district, which include Bahadurpur, Saidabad, Handia, Dhanupur, Pratappur, Phulpur, Bahria, Mauaima, Soraon, Holagarh, Kaudihar, Chaka, Kaudhiyara, Jasra, Shankargarh, Karchana, Meja, Manda, Urwa and Koraon.Meanwhile, officials also added that the health officials have been checking the health card of all the children enrolled under the scheme and they were given the best possible treatment.It is believed that around 30% children staying in villages suffer from malnutrition. Special teams have been constituted who have been assigned special task of covering every village where team members including health education officer, ANMs and doctors attending them.\"Teams of doctors equipped with weighing machine, measuring scale, common medicines and other medical equipments have been visiting villages and are also checking the status of medical health of school children,\" the CMO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348660", "title": "First amusement park project to be delayed by 2 months", "text": "SURAT: Surtis will have to wait longer to get their first mega amusement park on the lines of Disneyland. The recreational facility planned in Magob is not expected to go on floor before Diwali as Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to go for re-tendering of the project.Two firms had put in their bids in December when the tenders were floated. But, SMC found the price they quoted far too low.The Rs 125-crore amusement park to be developed on public-private-partnership is projected to come up in two years. It has now been effectively delayed by at least two months as new tendering process will take time.Talking to TOI, chairman of standing committee Bhimji Patel said, \"Looking at the present land rates, we found bids to be on a lower side and therefore decided to go for re-tendering. We even expect more private firms to come forward and SMC to get a better deal.The best rate quoted was Rs 3.6 crore per year with 15 per cent hike every three years and return of the land after 45 years according to land lease. This amounts to SMC getting Rs 443 crore from the private partner. This was considered \"low\" by the standing committee on Friday.The amusement park with as many as 27 rides will come up on 14 acres of SMC land on Magob-Dumbhal region, some four km from Surat railway station. It will house seven world-class rides for the age group between five years and 60 years. It will also have a family entertainment centre which would be equipped with a bowling alley, pool tables, 3-D and 4-D simulation theaters, console games, kids gaming center and kids play stations. It will also have a pool and boating facility, theme gardens, musical fountains, laser shows, hedge maze, souvenir shops, cultural events and artifacts.Two firms had put in their bids in December when the tenders were floated. But, SMC found the price they quoted far too low", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349749", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi academy needs infrastructure, not aircraft", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finance minister KM Mani sanctioned Rs 6 crore to the Rajiv Gandhi Academy for Aviation Technology (RGAAT) in this year's budget to buy a twin-engine aircraft and start new courses. It is a small consolation for an institution functioning out of a rented building. A RGAAT official said lobbyists are trying to increase spend on aircraft purchase while the real focus should be on infrastructure.By mid-year, RGAAT will have five single-engine aircrafts and one simulator while only two of their 45 students enrolled for training have obtained a Commercial Pilot Licence (CPL) clocking 200 flying hours. Students, who obtained CPL, completed a major portion of their course elsewhere.\"One of the reasons for the dismal performance of students is the lack of infrastructure. We have to operate out of the Trivandrum airport's airstrip that is shared by the Air Force and commercial flights. We are given last priority for take-offs . What RGAAT needs immediately is a new hangar and a new academy building, only then can courses like flight dispatch and cabin crew training, mentioned by the finance minister, be introduced,\" said an official from the academy.There is no one at the helm to steer the academy in the right direction. V Thulasidas has resigned from his post as executive vice chairman of the RGAAT two weeks ago after serving for three-and-a-half years. Tom Jose, secretary, transport (related to airport) - who is currently in charge of the institution - is unable to offer insight into the budgetary allocation.\"We need someone with technical knowledge at the top. There are some bad choices being made at the academy as more money is being invested on aircraft and less on infrastructure,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12350066", "title": "Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Obama's home state", "text": "With about one-fifth of the votes counted, Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts, had garnered 54 per cent of the total votes polled, with his nearest rival Rick Santorum, the former Senator from Pennsylvania, trailing behind at 29 per cent.A win in Illinois - Obama's home state -- was considered a must for Romney to bag Republican presidential nomination this summer.However even after this big win, American media said that the deal is not done yet for Romney.\"Mitt Romney got a much-needed victory in Illinois on Tuesday night, but his triumph is unlikely to change the dynamics of the GOP presidential primary,\" The Hill said, adding that Santorum is favoured to win the next contestants.The Republican presidential campaign now moves to the southern american state of Louisiana, which is headed by the Indian-American governor, Bobby Jindal.According to a latest poll, Santorum lead Romney by 13 points in this state.\"Mitt Romney won Tuesday's Republican presidential primary in Illinois, a victory that widened his lead over his chief rival for the nomination and will likely provide a jolt of energy to his campaign.\"Despite the victory for Romney, the race is unlikely to dramatically shake up the basic geometry of the race,\" The Washington Post reported.\"Though Illinois is a major prize for Romney, who will claim the majority of the state's 54 delegates, the victory does not close the door on Rick Santorum, who will also win a portion of those delegates and has vowed to soldier on,\" the daily said.It's the first time since 1988 that a Republican presidential primary has been relevant in Illinois, the Chicago Tribune said.The other two candidates, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul , had polled less than 10 per cent of the total votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348828", "title": "Retired shoulders for headless UPPCL", "text": "LUCKNOW: A headless organization running on retired shoulders. This sums up the state of affairs at UP power corporation limited (UPPCL), responsible for power supply in the state. This despite the fact that the utility is under the energy department headed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .It is almost a week since energy secretary and UPPCL chairman Navneet Sehgal, considered close to former chief minister Mayawati, was shunted out with the change of regime but nobody has been named to replace him.And while his seat continues to be vacant, the corporation is being run by over a dozen retired officials and engineers, incorporated into the system around two years back by Sehgal himself.In fact, some of these officials are looking after the crucial sections like the power purchase and even the accelerated power development reform project (APDRP) which is now rechristened as revised-APDRP.Meet Raj Kumar Jauhar, who holds the position of chief engineer, power purchase agreement (PPA). Jauhar retired on July 31, 2011 as superintending engineer from the UPPCL but was elevated to the position of chief engineer and has been given repeated extensions. The section which Jauhar heads deals with purchase of power.Likewise, Ramakant Pandey too retired as the SE in January 2011 but was not only given an extension but also promoted to the rank of joint secretary. So is the case of Sukumal Chandra Jain, who retired way back on July 31, 2009. He was brought back into the utility as executive director. Jain also works in the capacity of adviser to chairman, UPPCL.Another retired engineer, Rajiv, who has been provided extension three times post retirement, currently heads the projects worth crores under the centrally funded APDRP. According to UP Rajya Vidyut Parishad Abhiyanta Sangh, Shakti Bhawan, the UPPCL headquarters, has in all 14 such officials/engineers who are working post retirement and availing all the benefits they deserve.\"The state now has its youngest-ever chief minister. But it is ironical that such an important organization is running on retired shoulders,'' said Shailendra Dubey, secretary general of All India Power Engineers' Association. ``When they have a team of engineers who are relatively younger the charge should have been given to them,'' he said.The absence of a full-time energy secretary and a chairman, even though the charge is being handled by UPPCL joint managing director, haunts the UPPCL officials. ``The organization is increasingly getting directionless,'' said Sandeep Pandey, an executive member of the engineers' association. He said that a chairman is directly responsible for the supply and revenue monitoring aspects. ``But now there is absolute uncertainty,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349596", "title": "Another body found in stepwell", "text": "JAIPUR: Two days after an unidentified woman's body was recovered from Sagar stepwell in the Amber area, the body of a youth, her brother-in-law, was spotted floating in the same stepwell. Police said they had an affair and had eloped from their house in Surat (Gujarat) and committed suicide on coming to Jaipur about five days ago.The fact that the body of the youth could not be found on the same day has raised questions whether the police fished out the woman's body in a hurry without looking for any evidence related to her death. According to the police, the youth Kapil Solanki (23) was a resident of Subash Nagar in Surat. \"Someone spotted the body floating in the water on Tuesday morning and informed the police. The body rose to the surface after remaining at the bottom for almost two days,\" said a police officer. The police had recovered a woman's body from the same stepwell on Sunday. The woman could not be identified. Her body has been kept in the SMS Hospital mortuary for identification.On getting information about the body on Tuesday, a police team rushed there and took the body out. The police found an identification card in his pocket. \"There was also a card issued by a gym. We called up the gym in Surat and enquired about Kapil. Following which we got the cell phone number of Kapil's brother Kireet Bhai,\" said the officer. Kireet Bhai allegedly told the police that Kapil and his sister-in-law, whose name he didn't disclose, had been missing from their house since last week.\"Preliminary investigation suggests that the two had an affair and when they felt the family would not accept their alliance, they committed suicide,\" the officer said.Police are waiting for the family members to arrive in Jaipur. \"The family members have left for Jaipur. They will be questioned further regarding this,\" the officer added.When asked why the youth's body could not be traced on Sunday along with that of the woman, the officer said there was no indication of another body being in the stepwell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353615", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow snubs Kate Moss", "text": "It's not just our desi babes, who indulge in catfights and pass snide comments at each other, even the Hollywood divas indulge in this amazing sporting activity.This time it's Kate Moss , who has been put down well and proper by none other than Gwyneth Paltrow , who's known to speak her mind.The Hollywood actress put Kate in her place at Sir Philip Green's 60th birthday party in Mexico during a bit of verbal sparring on the beach, claim sources.\"\"Gwyneth had gone for a jog on the beach before the big birthday bash. Kate was out for a walk, eating crisps, when Gwyneth ran past. 'Kate said, 'Oi, what you out jogging for?' Gwyneth fired back, 'So, I don't look like you when I get old'. Kate was appalled for a second then spat back and threw some crisps at her. She said, 'Why don't you eat some f****** carbs,\" claims the source.In this melee of catty humour, the onlookers sure had a gala time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12349825", "title": "Cash-for-transfer: CM orders probe", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday informed the assembly that he had asked the home secretary to investigate the allegation of senior police officers taking money from juniors at the time of transfer posting.\"I have come across some reports in local newspapers that senior officers take money from juniors. I have asked the home secretary to investigate the matter,\" Munda said but he turned down the demand of the opposition to remove the director general of police.\"Let the investigation be over. We can take any decision only after the probe against the officer is proved. If the legislators have any evidence against him, they should submit it at the time of inquiry,\" said Munda.On the allegation that constables of a police training centre in Hazaribagh were asked to pay Rs 1,000 for a single day leave sanctioned by senior officers, the chief minister said the matter was being probed by the CID. Raising the matter, speaker C P Singh said it had come to his notice that constables were being asked to pay Rs 1,000 for a single day leave at the Hazaribagh-based police training centre and the matter required a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12349989", "title": "Chemistry paper had same mistake as text book", "text": "NAGPUR: The second chemistry paper of HSC examinations had a bigger mistake, due to incorrect data printed in the HSC text book itself, said SS Goyal, lecturer at VB Junior College.\"In the text book, the action of HI on isopropyl methyl ether is mentioned as methyl iodide, while the correct answer is isopropyl iodide. The same question appeared in the paper and the board has decided to give full marks to students who choose either of the two options in the MCQ,\" he said.Mistakes were also spotted in fisheries paper, an optional subject in the science stream. Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi) said, \"Spelling mistakes were galore in the fisheries paper, thus inconvenience to students. It is surprising that a question paper is set at the state level with so many people involved, and errors slip through so many levels %of verification.\"Rasesh Patel, an HSC student, said, \"Whenever there is an error in the question paper we ourselves get confused if we are wrong. Precious minutes are wasted trying to find our mistake, whereas the fault lies in the question.\"His friend Hemul Joshi said, \"The board gives bonus marks only if we attempt the question, but if we did not understand it in the first place then we won't attempt it either. Board should give bonus marks to everyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12348957", "title": "2 fish restaurants soon to please Mysore palate", "text": "MYSORE: Foodies, especially fish lovers in Mysore, soon can tickle their taste buds with exotic dishes. The Fisheries Development Corporation has plans to set up two exclusive fish restaurants, one in Gokulam and another at Sidlingapura.Managing director of the corporation V K Shetty told TOI that the outlets will be set up in Sidlingapura and Gokulam at the cost of Rs 40 lakh and Rs 15 lakh, respectively, in a month. Sidlingapura outlet will be bigger than Gokulam outlet and it will have cold storage facilities, high-end machineries and an aquarium centre. Byproducts of fishes like masala powder, pickles made of sea fish and dry fish will be catered to consumers. All types of fish will be made available at these outlets, he said.V K Shetty claimed that the prices will be moderate.\"Our objective is to provide nutritious food through variety of fish to people. The corporation is also contemplating extending its base to central Karnataka districts like Davangere and Chitradurga. Transportation is the main concern for us if we want to extend our base to other north Karnataka districts,\" Shetty said.At present, the corporation has outlets in Malpe, Gangolly, Bhatkal, Honnavar, Tadri, Mangalore and Karwar. Recently, they opened Mathsyadarshini restaurant near Cubbon Park in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348419", "title": "No security without private agencies: Cops 3,286, guards 1.5 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: Thanks to the skewed police-to-people ratio in the city - 1:457, the number of private security agencies seems to be growing by the day. Not just that, while there are 3,286 cops manning the city, the number of guards employed by the 300-odd agencies stands at a whopping 1.5 lakh.While there are a few agencies that adhere to the norms, there are many fly-by-night operators whose employees themselves are at times involved in criminal activities.In order to streamline these institutions, the Haryana police have asked all of them to obtain the compulsory licence under the Haryana Private Security Agencies Rules, 2009. So far, the deadline to register themselves has been extended at least thrice and the latest deadline is March 31 this year.According to police officers, several RWAs and companies complain regularly about the inadequate services by these agencies.\"There are several instances where private security guards have been found indulging in thefts, burglaries and even murders on the premises where they are hired. This happens because these agencies do not comply with the standards in the training, education and verification of their guards,\" said a police officer.\"We certainly cannot ignore their services since we do not have adequate manpower to guard the city. We have been requesting the state government to increase our strength but not much has been done in this regard so far. Once all these agencies are registered with us, we hope that together we can provide a better security ring to the city,\" the officer added.The agencies, on the other hand, claim that they are providing a good service. \"This sector is no more unorganized, there are about seven million private security guards across the country and over 1.5 lakh of them in Gurgaon alone,\" said Kunwar Vikram Singh, chairman of the Central Association of Private Security Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347947", "title": "Sharad Pawar calls PM's statement on allies 'unnecessary'", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCP chief Sharad Pawar took exception to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's comments about allies making decision-making difficult, calling it unnecessary and sweeping in nature.Reacting to the PM's remark that difficult decisions were becoming more difficult because of coalition compulsions, Pawar said, \"There is not even a single instance where NCP has caused any hindrance (for the government). Making such a sweeping statement has caused anguish and unease for us.\"The reaction highlighted how UPA continued to be on the edge after recent brinkmanship by allies like Trinamool and DMK. They had to be placated with concessions in the form of replacement of the railway minister and assurance to vote with the UN resolution on Sri Lanka. Both allies had threatened to withdraw their ministers from the government.The rocky relationship seems the reason why Congress, in a first, has begun to hold coordination meetings regularly. Parliamentary affairs minister Pavan Bansal said he would chair the meeting with UPA constituents thrice a week in which issues requiring consultations will be discussed.The idea to engage the government partners, who have been complaining of lack of coordination, stems from the growing troubles over decisions made by individual ministries. Pawar recently complained against the ban on cotton exports, a big issue on his turf of Maharashtra, which had to be later reversed.Pawar, who did not hide his displeasure over the PM's remarks, said he led a party with 15 MPs but had never diverged from the government as part of pressure tactics. He said, \"We maintain coalition dharma.\"The ruling camp has been rocked by feeling among allies that Congress was playing the big brother in UPA-2. TMC chief Mamata Banerjee complained in interviews that Congress was humiliating allies.Congress defended its track record in coalition politics. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"We have treated all our allies with extreme sensitivity and with utmost courtesy.\" He said all parties in an alliance could not come to the same understanding over every issue but divergence did not mean dissonance.\"He said Congress tries to walk the extra mile. \"We try to convince them with regard to the merits and imperatives of the proposals that we make. If we are not able to generate consensus, then we settle for whatever is the best sub-optimal solution available and that is the manner the coalition governments really run,\" he added.The recent Congress debacle in UP has led to new-found assertiveness among allies who seem eager to milk the political vulnerability of their biggest partner.The aggression from TMC and DMK, both not hesitating to threaten withdrawal of support, has nudged Congress to look at new partners. While Samajwadi Party remains a potential ally, Congress is also wary of depending too much on one party. The consideration seems to be behind its decision to placate TMC as against seeking a swap with SP.Congress is wary of any political accident that can cause mid-term polls, aware that it is weakly placed across states as evident in its recent decimation in four of the five assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12351907", "title": "Kerala election results: UDF candidate Anoop Jacob wins by over 12,000 votes", "text": "KOCHI: The Congress-led ruling UDF combine in Kerala on Wednesday received a morale booster when its nominee Anoop Jacob defeated MJ Jacob of the CPM-led LDF in the politically crucial Piravom assembly bypoll with a massive lead of 12070 votes.The result is yet to be announced officially by the Election Commission.The lead level of Anoop had surpassed even the wildest estimates of the political observers, as well as the internal assessments of both the UDF and the LDF. The UDF nominee late TM Jacob had managed only a slender margin of 157 votes in the last assembly elections in the constituency which is considered to be a traditional stranglehold Congress-led alliance.The bypoll was necessitated following the death of TM Jacob who was a minister in the present ministry led by the Congress leader Ommen Chandy. Anoop is the son of late Jacob.The victory has come in as a great relief to the UDF which currently has a strength of only 71 seats in the 140-memmebr state assembly.It may give some cheers to the Congress national leadership also in the backdrop of the humiliating setbacks that the party had faced in the recent assembly polls in different states.Kerala opposition LDF had suffered another setback recently when the CPM leader Selvaraj who was the MLA from Neyyattinkara had resigned from the Assembly. He was later expelled from the CPM as well.A bypoll to Neyyattinkara seat is also likely to be held within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12348251", "title": "Gujarat Technological University to hold interviews for three positions", "text": "Gujarat Technological University will conduct interviews for three important posts, that of chief accountant, registrar and controller of examination on March 23.Four applications have been short-listed for the post of registrar, one for controller of examination and two for chief accountant.Several officials of Gujarat University had also applied for these posts. However, their applications are learnt to have been rejected.A selection committee formed by GTU board of governance will conduct the interviews.Applications have also been invited for nearly 20 other posts in GTU. The process for short-listing these applications will be undertaken soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348731", "title": "\u2018Everyday is a celebration for Down\u2019s Syndrome patients\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: After several thousands of letters and years of campaigning, this year, the United Nations declared March 21 World Down's Syndrome Day. But, at Mathuru Mandir in Chennai, an institution for those with Down's Syndrome, celebrations are on every day to cheer each student's achievements.Just two months ago, they celebrated the fact that 31-year-old Babli Ramachandran became a yoga teacher to those with Down's. Before that, they celebrated because 21-year-old Aarti Krishnamurthy bagged two gold medals in swimming at the All India Disability Meet. There was another celebration when Shylaja R, 26, made a delicious batch of cookies and earned her first Rs 1,000.Mathuru Mandir founder Rekha Ramachandran, also Babli's mother, says their spirits haven't been dampened by the police asking her to postpone the 'buddy walk', a Down's Syndrome awareness walk scheduled for March 21, to the following Monday on account of the recent by-polls.\"For us, every day, every moment is a celebration, a breakthrough,\" says Ramachandran, who is also a board member of World Down Syndrome International.Ramachandran hopes the official declaration will help the campaign for education and employment that Down's Syndrome Associations in the country are running.\"I've been fighting for 30 years to get children integrated into mainstream schools but unfortunately there is still a stigma associated with Down's and the children are not accepted in society,\" she says. Down's Syndrome affects approximately one in 800 births worldwide.Pediatrician Dr Priya Chandrasekhar says she has noticed some changes in parental attitudes towards children with Down's Syndrome over the years. \"More fathers are getting involved in looking after the children. The instances of abandonment have come down and that is a promising sign,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348216", "title": "Government, special investigation team challenge acquittals in Sardarpura massacre case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) and the state government have filed appeals challenging the special court's decision to acquit 42 accused persons in the Sardarpura massacre case that took place following the Godhra train burning incident in 2001.However, the state government and SIT have not sought enhancement of punishment for those 31 convicts, who were awarded life imprisonment in November last year. These accused belonging to the Hindu community have been punished for killing 33 Muslims on March 1, 2002.The state government and SIT's decision of not seeking enhancement in sentence for convicts is in complete contrast to their decision taken last year in the Godhra carnage case, wherein they had sought death sentence in appeals before the high court for 20 convicts, who were awarded life imprisonment. In this incident, 59 passengers including karsevaks returning from Ayodhya were killed, and 11 Muslims were awarded capital punishment, while 20 others got jail term for life.\"As per SIT's instruction, the state government has filed an appeal challenging acquittal in this case, but the issue of enhancement of sentence was not before the court on Tuesday,\" said special prosecutor J M Panchal.Meanwhile, some of the victims in the Sardarpura case have also challenged the trial court's order of acquittal, but their challenge was limited to the case of 14 accused persons. They claim that there was evidence against these persons whose acquittal has been questioned.On November 9, 2011, designated judge S C Srivastava in Mehsana convicted 31 to life imprisonment, exonerated 11 persons for want of evidence, and let go of 31 others by giving them benefit of doubt.A bench of justices Jayant Patel and Paresh Upadhyay has scheduled a hearing next week on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12348609", "title": "Naxal shot at by comrades over sharing of spoils", "text": "GUNTUR: A naxalite was shot at by his comrades over a dispute on sharing of booty in the forests near Nagarjunasagar reservoir in Guntur district on Tuesday.Grandhi Venkanna was rushed to the government hospital here in a serious condition. The attackers have been identified as members of banned Janashakti group.According to Venkanna, three naxalites fired at him in the forest near Pondugula village in Dachepalli mandal after an altercation over sharing of booty. He said that he had quit the movement long ago. He said he was living at his native place in Gudur mandal of Warangal district. \"They called me to Pondugula with a promise to settle the dues and made an attempt to kill me to avoid payment,\" he alleged.After escaping from his fellow comrades, Venkanna reached the village and took the help of locals, who rushed him to Gurazala hospital in a 108 ambulance. Later, he was rushed to the government hospital in Guntur. He suffered bullet injuries on his neck and chest.Police have launched a manhunt to nab the naxalites who escaped into the forest after the firing. They, however, did not give much credence to Venkanna's version and suspect that he was actively associated with Janashakti group and arrived at Pondugula to share the booty.\"Differences might have cropped over sharing of the booty which resulted in the firing,\" a senior police official said. Police sent a special team to Venkanna's native place to ascertain his antecedents.Meanwhile, police in Palnadu region have been put on high alert on the possible entry of naxalites following Tuesday's shootout. There has been very little movement of naxalites of any group in the district in the last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12353183", "title": "AIADMK leads decisively in Sankarankoil bypoll", "text": "CHENNAI: The ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu is all set to retain Sankarankoil (SC) assembly seat with its candidate S Muthuselvi setting up an unassailable lead of 46,189 votes at the end of 18th round of counting. The byelection held on March 18 witnessed a high voter turnout of over 77%.According to special chief electoral officer D Raajendiran, Muthuselvi has polled 64,619 votes, followed by J Jawahar Surya Kumar (DMK) 19,430 votes, Dr T Sadan Thirumalai Kumar (MDMK) 15,908 votes and K Muthukumar (DMDK) 8,400 votes.Jubilant AIADMK cadres started celebrating their party's huge lead by bursting crackers here. In a statement, chief minister and AIADMK general secretary J Jayalalithaa said the result is on expected lines. \"We knew we would win, it was just a question about the victory margin,\" she said.Though the result of the by-poll, necessitated due to the death of AIADMK minister C Karuppasamy in October last, would not alter the political balance, it nevertheless is being watched keenly. During a verbal exchange with her former ally and Opposition Leader Vijayakanth in the state Assembly in February, chief minister Jayalalithaa had openly challenged him in the state assembly to show his strength in this by poll The two parties had contested on their own in the local bodies polls last year.The Vaiko-led MDMK contested its first elections since boycotting the April 2011 polls following a breakdown in seat sharing arrangement with then ally AIADMK .Counting commenced at 8 am at an engineering college in Sankarankoil under heavy 3-tier security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348443", "title": "Two nabbed with kerosene meant for ration shops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad nabbed two persons from Amraiwadi late on Monday night with 1,200 litres of kerosene procured from fair price shops.According to squad officials, a team led by inspectors R L Solanki, N D Chauhan and sub-inspector AJ Patel working on the tip-off, raided Bhagirathnagar industrial estate section III at 10.30 pm on Monday. The team found Virendra Jain alias Bablu, 40, a resident of Nagarvel Hanuman, Amraiwadi, and Rajesh Sharma, 43, a resident of Vastral, from the spot along with 1,200 litres of white kerosene and two litres of nitric acid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348713", "title": "PMPML to get 5.13 cr towards daily expenses", "text": "PUNE: The first general body (GB) meeting of the PCMC on Tuesday approved a resolution to pay Rs 5.13 crore to the PMPML as directed by the state government to help the organisation meet its daily expenses. A proposal to set up a separate PMPML office in Pimpri-Chinchwad to be headed by a class I officer for solving bus commuting problems in the twin township was also approved.In the meeting presided over by mayor Mohini Lande, corporators spoke about the various problems faced by PMPML commuters. They said there are no bus shelters at most bus stops causing inconvenience to commuters. Former mayor Mangala Kadam tabled a supplementary proposal that an office of PMPML be opened in the city with a class I officer at the helm to solve problems related to local commuters. Former mayor Yogesh Behl said there should be an independent PMPML office in the PCMC building.Meanwhile, the GB approved the municipal school board's budget for 2012-13 with an outlay of Rs 99.70 crore as suggested by the municipal commissioner, instead of the board's budget with an outlay of Rs 132.77 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350077", "title": "Upset with order, woman misbehaves with court staff", "text": "Mumbai: The Nirmal Nagar police are searching for a 32-year-old woman who misbehaved with the staff of the Bandra magistrate court on Monday.The woman has been identified as Rashmi Donde. She was reportedly upset with the court's order in a domestic violence case.Donde came to the court and tore a copy of the order in the presence of the magistrate. When the court staffers tried to stop her, she misbehaved with them and pushed them. She then fled the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347825", "title": "Special 1-day assembly session soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has convened a one-day assembly session on Wednesday to adopt a vote-on-account motion that will be moved on the floor of the house by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. The CM, who also holds the portfolio of finance, will present the vote-on-account motion, seeking approval for spending a certain amount out of the proposed budget outlay for 2012-13 for the first three months of the new fiscal year. This will help in meeting expenditure like payment of salaries till the budget for 2012-13 is formally announced.The Delhi government plans to convene a special assembly session around April 20 to present the budget. In normal course, the budget must be passed before April 1. But since the MCD polls are scheduled for April 15, a vote on account is needed. \"As the model code of conduct is in force, Delhi's budget cannot be announced now. The vote-on-account motion once adopted will cover the state's financial needs for the first few months,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350374", "title": "10,000 memory cards stashed in chocolate bars", "text": "Mumbai: Chocolates may be an unusual carrier of memory cards, but Customs officials at Mumbai international airport found the electronic chips spilling out of chocolate bars during a search early on Tuesday.Nearly 10,000 memory cards were brought in from Dubai by an Emirates passenger indentified as Liaquat Patel.Patel, a Nagpada resident, landed in Mumbai from Dubai at 3 am. He was on his way out of the airport through the green channel when he was intercepted by Customs officials.\"Patel travelled frequently between Mumbai and Dubai and was under the scanner for the past three months,\" a senior Customs official said.\"On Tuesday, a team led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede searched his luggage. Nothing suspicious was found initially. However, when officers checked the chocolates they discovered memory cards in them. The modus operandi is very unique,\" he added.The accused was arrested and produced before a magistrate's court, who granted him bail. Memory cards are sold on the black market in Mumbai, Nagpur and Pune, said a Customs source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349234", "title": "Cops failed to anticipate, stop the violence: CID", "text": "BANGALORE: An internal inquiry into the March 2 disturbances at the City Civil Court complex here has reportedly indicted city police for lapses and lack of adequate preparation to nip the trouble in the bud. On that day, advocates vented their ire on mediapersons and police personnel.The report submitted by R K Dutta, DGP, CID (Special Units and Economic Offences) to the state government on Tuesday indicted the jurisdictional deputy commissioner of police, assistant commissioner of police and inspectors for failing to anticipate trouble.The 50-page report is silent on who started the trouble and how it escalated into large-scale arson and rioting and damage to public property, home ministry sources said. It doesn't recommend any disciplinary action against policemen.The clashes that broke out between advocates and mediapersons soon after former minister G Janardhana Reddy was taken out of the complex was not \"properly anticipated or assessed in advance\" by the city police, it said, adding that the situation could have been brought under control by intervening in the scuffles between lawyers and mediapersons. \"Absence of prompt response from the police resulted in the trouble going out of control and later turning into a violent confrontation between advocates and policemen in the afternoon,\" sources said quoting the report.Observing that security arrangements were inadequate, the report observed that lapses were evident as the police were not in \"riot gear\", a primary requirement in such volatile situations. Armed policemen too had not been deployed in adequate numbers.When TOI contacted Dutta, he said it was not possible to disclose the report's contents as he was not permitted to speak about it in public. \"I have submitted the report to the government. There is no recommendation to take disciplinary action against any officer. My mandate was to look into circumstances that led to the disturbances at the court complex on March 2,\" he said. It's up to the government on the next course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12344459", "title": "Enlightened soul", "text": "One who is rich in enlightenment will not indulge in any sinful action, since his conscience is guided by intellect fully illumined with Truth. Acarangasutra 174 * Enlightenment doesnot mean any ambition. If it is an ambition, then again you will start fighting for it. Enlightenment simply means being in a state of let go...Reassert your being. Love yourself and respect yourself, and try to be just yourself. Osho * Love one another unconditionally and you will be enlightened . Dattatreya Siva Baba * To know the eternal is called enlightenment/ Not to know the eternal is to act blindly, to result in disaster. Tao Te Ching 16 * Life isn't about finding yourself; it's about creating yourself. Author unknown", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12350954", "title": "Brahmaputra diversion survey work begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: India has started survey work to divert the Brahmaputra through a gravity link canal taking off from Jogighopa and joining the Ganges just above Farakka to meet its water shortages in the western and southern parts of the country under its ambitious inter-state river linking project.The exercise has taken off even as fears of China damming the Brahmaputra in Tibet continue to loom large. The plan envisages construction of a 457-km-long link canal and a dam on the Manas besides a dam and barrage on river Sankosh - the two tributaries of Brahmaputra - which originate from Bhutan .The Brahmaputra, which originates in Tibet and finally drains out in the Bay of Bengal together with the Ganges, accounts for 29 per cent of the total runoff of all rivers in the country.According to the status of the river-linking project that was submitted by minister of state for water resources and minority affairs Vincent H Pala in reply to a question in Rajya Sabha on Monday, the survey and investigation work for the Manas-Sankosh-Tista-Ganga (M-S-T-G) link and Jogighopa (at Brahmaputra) -Tista-Ganga at Farakka alternative link have been taken up.The ministry of water resources (MoWR) had formulated the National Perspective Plan (NPP) for water resources development in 1980, which proposed inter-basin transfer of water from surplus basins to deficit basins and areas. The National Water Development Agency (NWDA), which was set up in 1982 for carrying out various technical studies to establish the feasibility of the proposals of NPP, has identified 14 links under Himalayan Component and 16 links under Peninsular Rivers Component.The project, which was announced by former Prime Minister AB Vajpayee in 2002, was not implemented until the Supreme Court ordered the government last month to do the same in a time-bound manner as the delay has resulted in cost escalation.The starting of the survey on the Brahmaputra, which is one of the main feeder rivers to Bangladesh , has raised concerns in the neighbouring country. The 'Daily Star' reported, \"India seems to be quite indifferent to the havoc the project will wreak on agriculture, environment and ecology of the neighbouring countries, especially Bangladesh.A recent report published in the daily referring to the study conducted by a team of experts highlighted the dark side of the Indian river-linking plan on Bangladesh, as it would cause \"saline death\" to half the country. \"The impact assessment report forecasts ecological disaster for our beloved motherland, death of Teesta and three other rivers, decline in river water and sedimentation, rise in salinity of soil, surface and ground water, damage to agriculture, fisheries and navigation routes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349823", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General knocks Vishwajit into a political coma", "text": "PORVORIM: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) report has lambasted former health minister Vishwajit Rane for recruiting an additional 315 staff to run the north Goa district hospital at Mapusa without any justification. These appointments were subsequently approved by then chief minister Digambar Kamat, the report said.CAG also pointed out to non-utilization of machinery and equipment costing 12.56 crore due to delay in non- commission of hospital.The report, which was tabled in the assembly on Tuesday, pointed to unfruitful expenditure of an additional 1.64 crore for the upkeep of the hospital. The report observed that though the hospital was completed and fully equipped by March 2009, the new premises were not occupied. In September 2010, a few outpatient wings began functioning for half a day.Despite demands by doctors and staff for shifting to the new premises, as well as the deteriorating condition of the Asilo hospital, the new district hospital remained non-functional till August 2011, the CAG pointed in its report. \"The non-commissioning of the hospital resulted in non-utilization of machinery and equipment costing 12.56 crore installed in the new hospital during their defect liability period, most of which have already expired\" the report stated.The Audit further noticed that the department proposed recruitment of 315 personnel for the new district hospital in addition to the existing staff (312) functioning at the Asilo hospital in Mapusa.\"The Administrative Reforms Department (ARD), after detailed study, recommended the creation of 145 additional posts. A committee was constituted, headed by the finance secretary, to scrutinize the recommendations of the ARD. The scrutiny committee reassessed (May 2008) the additional requirement for the new hospital and recommended the creation of 113 additional posts. However, on the insistence of the health minister, the same was subsequently enhanced to 200. This was subsequently approved by the chief minister,\" the report stated.It also said that the delay in the commission of the hospital resulted in infructuous expenditure on salaries of the staff recruited for the project. Thus, the government incurred a total expenditure of 1.64 crore during period 2008-11 towards of the upkeep of the hospital, including 97.41 lakh paid to a private party under a contract for sweeping and swabbing the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351780", "title": "Katy Perry to perform in Chennai", "text": "The singer will be in the city in April to kickstart the upcoming edition of the cricket league...It can't get bigger than this! If sources are to be believed, Hollywood actress and singer Katy Perry will be performing here on April 3. The occasion will be the IPL opening ceremony and it is said that special efforts have been taken to fly in the California Gurls singer. This is perhaps the first time that a leading international act is being brought to Chennai. And being associated with cricket, it has already sent the youngsters into a tizzy.IPL Chairman Rajeev Shukla says, \"We look forward to Ms Perry's participation at the Opening Nite. A performer of her calibre makes the occasion even more special for us - players, organisers and fans. The verve and originality of her music matches that of the competition and we look forward to an inspired performance from her.\"\"Katy has a large following of young fans in India that compliment the T20 Cricket format enthusiasts, I look forward to a vibrant performance of her hits,\" adds Venkat Vardhan, who is coordinating the opening night event.Apart from Katy, there's a bevy of Bollywood stars lined up to perform for the grand affair that will mark the opening of this year's cricketing extravaganza. Amitabh Bachchan will make it for the event too and will host the ceremony. . \"Opening extravaganza in Chennai.. and yours truly a small part of it... nervous as hell,\" he tweeted.And the Khan who's rocking the BO, Salman, will also be present. He and Priyanka Chopra will be a part of the show and they'll reportedly be shaking a leg to some popular chartbusters. And, dancing sensation Prabhu Deva promises to entertain audiences with his dance moves. Looks like Chennai is set to witness an entertainment extravaganza like never before this April!(With Contributions by Srinivasa Ramanujam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349869", "title": "Lawyers end strike as govt transfers 2 top cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Lawyers in Karnataka called off their two-week-long court boycott on Tuesday after the government transferred two jurisdictional police officers in connection with the violence in the City Civil Court complex on March 2.The announcement by the Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) came as DGP (CID) R K Dutta submitted his findings on the violence.\"We have called off the strike. All our member advocates will return to the courts on Wednesday. This is in response to the assurance given by the home minister and the law minister that the government would implement the Dutta report. They also said action would be initiated against the police officers concerned. We have given them five days to take action. We will intimate our decision to end our boycott to the Karnataka High Court chief justice on Wednesday,\" AAB president K N Subba Reddy informed TOI.Deputy commissioner (central) G Ramesh and Ulsoorgate assistant commissioner K N Jitendranath have been transferred to the north-east division and Central Crime Branch respectively. BR Ravikanthe Gowda will take Ramesh's place, while B N Nyamagouda, CCB ACP, will replace Jitendranath. Ministers R Ashoka and S Suresh Kumar visited the complex premises where the striking advocates were camping and spoke to the AAB office-bearers. Speaking to reporters later, Ashoka said: \"I have promised them we will take action against DCP Ramesh and ACP K N Jitendranath. Normalcy should return to the courts at any cost.\"Ashoka is also believed to have promised the AAB that action would initiated against all police officers indicted in Dutta's report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348687", "title": "SIT to coordinate probe into poppy cultivation", "text": "PUNE: A special investigation team (SIT) of the state police, led by additional police commissioner of Sangli Digambar Pradhan, has been appointed to coordinate investigations into the illegal cultivation and trading of poppy in the state. The decision was taken at a meeting of state police officials in Pune on Tuesday.So far, 26 cases have been registered in seven districts regarding illegal cultivation and trading of poppy. Over 69 farmers and four traders have been arrested under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985, for unauthorised poppy cultivation.Besides Pradhan, five officials have been included in the SIT to monitor and coordinate the daily progress of investigations. Sudarshan Munde, police inspector from Parli tehsil of Beed district, who is currently heading the investigation, will now receive guidance from the SIT, said Pradhan.Speaking to the TOI, Munde said, \"Illegal poppy cultivation was discovered in Parli and its roots were traced to Nanded and Latur. Current investigations have revealed that truck drivers taking a halt in Nanded, would consume a concoction of the poppy straw soaked in water. The misuse of the consumption license, allocated to select people from the Sikh community, has also come to light, during the investigation. The SIT will help us investigate whether the poppy was smuggled to other states or to urban areas in the state.\"The Sikh community has a prominent base in Nanded city. According to Shrikar Pardeshi, district collector of Nanded, the state excise department had issued licences to some members of the community in the mid-70s allowing them to consume less than 450 gm of opium at one time on medical grounds. Now, though most of the licence-holders have passed away, others were misusing the licence to purchase and trade in illegal opium.\"We have sought information from the state excise department about the licences allocated to the individuals, their consumption limit and the period of licence renewal,\" said Pardeshi. \"It will take another three days to come to any conclusion regarding how many licences were actually issued and how many are being misused,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348669", "title": "\u2018Stress contributing to addiction among women\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Stress in women, especially in the age group of 31 to 40 years, is the biggest contributing factor directing them to addiction to alcohol, anti-depressants, sleeping pills and substance abuse, says a survey conducted by Baya Karve Women's Study Centre in four de-addiction centres across the city.The study, conducted over the last two years, pertains to 371 women, between 18 and 60 years of age, having undergone de-addiction between 2005 and 2011 at four different de-addiction centres in the city. These include the Krupa Foundation, Muktangan De-Addiction Centre, Manasvardhan De-Addiction Centre and Anandvan De-Addiction Centre.\"Women in the age group of 31 to 40 years comprised almost 28.57% of the cases, the highest in the study. Around 23.45% women were addicted to alcohol and substance abuse for a period between one and five years on an average. Those with academic degrees were the highest - 28.8%. Out of the 371 case files, 173 women, or 48.63% were homemakers, while nine were retired. A total of 54.98% were married. Unmarried or single women comprised 19.6%, where as 11.59% were divorced and 9% were widows. Moreover, 23.18% of these women earned less than Rs 1,000 per month,\" said Mrunalini Chitale, chairperson of the Baya Karve Women's Study Centre.\"The objective of the study is to spread awareness on de-addiction and creating empathy for women who were or are into addictions,\" said Chitale.Stress, peer pressure, marital discord, stigma of a divorce and the abuse suffered from relatives, are some of the factors leading to addiction among women. Starvation, physical abuse and witchcraft were some of the tricks used by family members of some women to steer them off from these addictions, Chitale added.\"We also consulted de-addiction experts for the study, and found that generally those afflicted by addiction, be it man or woman, have the tendency to hide their addiction from the rest of the family instead of seeking immediate help. Those addicted have a tough time accepting the fact that they need help,\" she said.However, the study could not reveal the data for certain parameters. \"We got no details on reasons behind stress that eventually led them to addiction, the exact number of women who got back to their addictions post-rehab stint, and those who were re-admitted, the income earned by working women and their collective family income. Also, we could not have direct interaction with women undergoing de-addiction at three of these centres,\" Chitale said.This is an ongoing study, she said, adding, \"We hope to publish the findings in our centre's in-house journal, 'Vedh,' in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348589", "title": "'Bounties for Indian technical textile sector'", "text": "SURAT: While the Union Budget presented has ignored the textile industry, it seems to have showered bounties on the Indian technical textile sector.Arun Jariwala, president of Indian Technical Textile Association (ITTA), told TOI, \"The Indian technical textile sector is poised to register a speedy growth in the coming years as it has got special attention in the union budget 2012. There are key sectors like geo-tech, agri-tech, medi-tech, etc. which have been covered as the priority sectors for growth.\"Jariwala said that the finance minister has reduced basic customs duty on raw materials for manufacturing of adult diapers from 10 and 7.5 per cent to 5 per cent with countervailing duty of 6 per cent and special countervailing duty has been withdrawn.Also, the budget has allotted Rs 500 crore to start a pilot scheme in the 12th five-year-plan for promotion and application of geo-textiles. The imports of aramid yarn and fabric used in the manufacturing of bulletproof helmets have been exempted from the custom duty.There is an announcement of Rs 5,000 crore worth of India opportunity venture fund, which will help the fast-paced development of the small and medium companies in technical textile sector.India's technical textile market could grow four fold to become a $37 billion industry by 2020, provided issues such as lack of investment and absence of research and development are addressed.A report by FICCI-Techno pack stated that the Indian technical textiles market has been registering a growth of 11.25 per cent per annum, which now stands at $8.25 billion. Of the 12 technical textiles segments, the report identifies buildtech, geotech, meditech and protech would drive the growth of the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12349620", "title": "Woman sets up goons to kill HIV positive lover", "text": "NAGPUR: She wanted to get rid of the man diagnosed as HIV-positive as he was pestering her for sexual favours. The woman was afraid of being infected with the disease. Shunned by his wife, the man was desperate for sexual relief from his lover with whom he was in relationship for around three years. The mistress roped in three young neighbours with a promise to pay Rs 70,000 to eliminate the man for ever.Deepak Purke, an attendant with the Bank of Maharashtra branch in Ayodhya Nagar, was taken to a desolate place near Paunapur in the outskirts of the city on February 13 last month before being stabbed to death. The joint effort of the special squad of assistant commissioner of police RS Pawade and Kalamna police saw the case being cracked with the help of the call details records. Four people, including the mastermind Anita Chaudhari, have been arrested on Tuesday.Along with Anita, the police have also arrested two brothers Tejram and Mukesh Moundekar, and Kishore Katwe, all in their 20s, for the murder. The alleged assailants are residents of Lalganj. Head constable Sanjay Wankhede, Anil Karne and Sanjay Bangarkar of the special squad picked up the assailants.Police said that Purke, father of two, entered into a relationship with Anita, a mother of three, even while he was having an affair with another woman. Anita's husband had passed away around five years ago. Purke did not have a cordial relation with his family members and often stayed out. He also stayed with Anita on a number of occasions at her place.Police said that Anita was given a lot of money by Purke. She had also kept his bike. Soon, however, there was a breakdown in the relationship. Learning about Purke's relationship with Anita, his family member thrashed her. She reported the matter to the police and got Purke's parents and siblings booked for attempt to murder in 2010.Police said Purke's health became the prime issue of discord between Anita and him. She contacted Kishore and sought his help in eliminating Purke. Kishore roped in Tejram and Mukesh. She even brought them to Shantinagar where Purke resided so that they could identity their victim.It was the call details of the bank that gave police the first clue. Four suspicious mobile phone numbers cropped up before the police. Anita had initially said that she had only one SIM card. But police soon found out that she was possessing more than one.PI Rajesh Padvi of Kalamna police station said one SIM was used to coordinate murder plot. Anita had also given a cellphone to Mukesh to coordinate the actions.On the day of murder, Anita invited Purke to take his bike. Kishore took Purke as pillion and drove towards Kalamna after they met near Harihar temple. Mukesh and Tejram followed them on another bike. They convinced Purke that the bike was kept in a field near Paunapur where on reaching he was stabbed to death.Police said that Mukesh was traced with the help of his girlfriend with whom he had being communicating regularly and had also gone for an outing the day after the murder. Anita apparently had paid only Rs 35,000 till date. Police have recovered the bike of the victim and other evidences.Assailants wanted money for sisters' marriageTwo of the four assailants, arrested for Pradeep Purke's murder, agreed to do the job as they wanted money for their sisters' wedding slated for later this year. Tejram and Mukesh Moundekar, who were apparently given Rs 12,000 each for the murder, were roped in by Kishore Katwe. They even spent the money on wedding-related expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349757", "title": "Nirmala suffered silently", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The case of fifty-six-year old Nirmala, who died at the hands of her drunkard husband, has nothing unique about it. That was probably one reason why, an essay that described her miserable plight did not win any prize in an essay contest.The essay written by a close acquaintance of the deceased, was among the entries submitted at an essay contest organized by a city based NGO for women empowerment, Expressions India Society, on the International Women's Day.\"The contest had numerous entries that dealt with similar subject\", Gurdeep Kaur Venu, secretary of the NGO told TOI. Her words were filled with disappointment on being unable to bring timely help, which would have saved a precious life. \"We were planning to initiate a campaign to support women like Nirmala, when the terrible thing happened,\" she said. Now they plan to start a campaign to provide legal assistance to help those like Nirmala.The identity of the victim was revealed to Gurdeep when the news of the murder appeared in the media the other day. The essay was written by a woman who was closely acquainted with Nirmala. But she refrained from revealing her identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349854", "title": "PU maths paper leaked, exam now on April 3", "text": "BANGALORE: Thousands of second-year PU students who tiptoed into the exam centre for the mathematics paper on Tuesday morning were in for a rude shock when the authorities told them that the examination had been called off following paper leak. The exam will now be held on April 3 from 9am to 12.15pm.The paper leak came to light when some TV channels reported late Monday night that the copies of maths question paper were being hawked for sums varying from Rs 500 to a shocking Rs 10,000 on the premises of some colleges in Chintamani.Chikkaballapur police arrested two persons - Pradeep of Chintamani and V Venkatesh of a Kolar village. District police chief T D Pawar said Venkatesh was in possession of question paper copies and Pradeep was looking for students to sell them.Around 1.55 lakh students were to appear for the exam at 856 centres. The geography exam scheduled for the same day took place as planned. Getting a new date for the mathematics exam wasn't easy: April 1 was ruled out as AIPMT exam was slated for that day; and April 2 couldn't be considered as some SSLC exam centres would have overlapped with the PU's. Hence, April 3.Primary and secondary education minster Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri has ordered a CID inquiry into the leak and promised action against the miscreants.The Department of PU Education denied paper leak initially. Later, they secured a copy from the tahsildar around 1.30am to confirm an hour later that it was, indeed, a replica of the original. Since the decision to postpone the exam was made in the night, the authorities told the students about the cancellation at the exam centres.Sources said the paper was leaked around 4.30pm on Monday and sold in three private colleges in Chintamani. Lecturers allegedly tried to secure copies for their students. Later, the papers made their way to Malur and Mulbagal via photo-copying. There was a buzz that the paper was leaked online.A clueless PU department suspects that the leak may have taken place at the sub-treasury level. The question paper is printed, stored and distributed through a time-tested system. After the question papers are printed in a press whose name and location are kept confidential, they are taken to sub-treasury in trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349022", "title": "Hypercity staff to be booked under SC, ST Act", "text": "BHOPAL: Four employees of a departmental store who were recently booked for heckling and forcefully confining a sitting MLA inside a mall in the city here, will also be charged under relevant sections of the SC/ST Atrocities Act.State home minister Uma Shankar Gupta on Tuesday assured the legislators in the MP assembly that the miscreants who manhandled tribal MLA Panchiram Menda have already been charged under serious sections of the IPC. The House has earlier demanded that section under the SC,ST Atrocities Act be slapped against the store staff.Menda, Congress MLA from Dhampuri assembly constituency in Dhar district, was harassed after the Hypercity staff noticed his five- year-old child picked up a biscuit pack without his notice and it was not billed while he shopped at the departmental store. The matter was raised through a call attention motion raised by Congress MLAs Govind Singh, Vijendra Singh Malahera and Purushottam Dangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348162", "title": "Gandhinagar civic body moves HC to impose taxes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The newly constituted Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation (GMC) has approached the Gujarat high court, seeking directions to the state authorities to delegate powers to impose taxes on citizens in order to generate revenue.In a petition filed by GMC, standing committee chairman Praveen Patel and mayor Mahendrasinh Rana, it has been contended that despite having a duly elected body, GMC has not been allowed by the state government to collect taxes. They have also complained that the BJP-ruled government neglects the demands of the Congress-ruled civic body and it cannot discharge its duties in absence of funds.The petitioners claims that the state government has been ignoring their repeated representations seeking release of various funds meant for urban development. They have argued that besides Rs 11 crore grants in lieu of octroi and collection of Rs 2 crore towards professional tax, the civic body does not have any income to meet the requirements of the area. Also, the civic body's main income is in form of property tax and other charges, but the state government does not permit them to impose tax.The petition has dubbed action on part of the government as malicious. The government never wanted to constitute a corporation in Gandhinagar, but had to do so upon HC orders in response to a PIL. The petitioners have also argued that the prevailing problems would convert the corporation into a lame duck and the state government's failure would not be noticed by voters. This petition may come up for hearing later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348635", "title": "23 more people test positive for H1N1", "text": "PUNE: As many as 23 people, including six children, tested positive for swine flu in the city on Tuesday, taking the total count of infected people to 63 since March 5.Health officials will be checking up on the schools where the children go to. Going by the experience of 2009, when scores of students came down with the infection, triggering closure of many institutions, the health officials say they are taking every precaution to ward off the spread among children.\"Among the 23 positive patients, a few are children who have been found infected with the pandemic H1N1 influenza,\" Shyam Satpute, assistant medical officer of health told TOI. \"Their parents have been asked to quarantine them at home. We have started investigating their school addresses so that we can take further precautions.\" The children range in age from two to six. \"Two of them are being treated at Noble Hospital and Ruby Hall Clinic. They are recuperating,\" Satpute said.Since the spurt of H1N1 cases began, this is the first time that such a large number of positive patients has been reported in a single day.The condition of two patients being treated at KEM hospital and Prayag hospital continues to be critical and both are on ventilator support, health officials said.The number of throat swabs coming to NIV for testing has increased in the last few days. \"We have received 35 samples in the last two days,\" said Mandeep Chadha, deputy director of NIV.On May 2, 2009, the NIV had received its first throat swab sample from Hyderabad. The institute started receiving samples from Maharashtra from June 2009 onwards, most of them from Pune and Mumbai.Of the total number of throat swabs that came in for testing at NIV from June 2009 to August 2010, 31,366 samples were from Maharashtra alone. Nearly 5,000 samples were from other parts of the country. Of the total samples received from the state, 6,889 cases had tested positive, with an average 22 per cent infection rate over the year.On August 10, 2010, WHO director-general Margaret Chan announced that the H1N1 influenza virus had moved into the post-pandemic period. However, localised outbreaks of various magnitudes are likely to continue.In Pune, the transmission of the swine flu virus went down in 2011. \"In 2011, we at NIV received 1,400 samples for testing. Among them only 2 % swabs tested positive for swine flu,\" Chadha said.Again, in March this year, scientists at NIV have seen a 10 to 15% rise in swine flu cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352389", "title": "Raj Babbar\u2019s li\u2019l Rockstars", "text": "Their relationship has been questioned time and again by the media. But once upon a time, Smita Patil's son Prateik did share a loving bond with his father Raj Babbar, brother Arya and sister Juhi.Ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar captured one such memorable moment at Raj's brother Kishan's wedding in Mumbai.The fact that the four Babbars have hardly ever been in the same frame in recent times makes this one special.It is endearing to see the doting daddy Raj get down on his knees to play with his two sons Arya (dressed in a suit) and Prateik (wearing a tee shirt, pants and sporty nikes). And while Raj plays the caring father, his daughter Juhi, now married to television actor Anoop Soni, like the good elder sister takes care of her younger siblings.Prateik looks the naughtiest out of the three Babbar children, with his sister trying hard to keep his enthusiasm in check. And though the actor, now all grown up, may choose to drop his father's surname, once upon a time he was his daddy's pet. And Raj Babbar doesn't need to pen the book he plans to prove it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347576", "title": "SP, BSP team up to bail out Congress in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is difficult to believe that they were locked in such a bitter confrontation until earlier this month. Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party , both target of Rahul Gandhi 's \"loot\" and \"goon\" jibes through the month-long battle for Uttar Pradesh, came to the rescue of UPA government on Tuesday, helping it get the better of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha.Support from UP players enabled the government to prevail in the trial of strength over reference to the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in the President' s address. The tally (105:83) would have read different, if BSP and SP - with a combined tally of 21 in the Upper House -had voted along with the Opposition.The outcome immediately set tongues wagging about what could be Congress's leverage with SP and BSP, and re-ignited speculation about whether Mulayam Singh Yadav will join the UPA sooner than later. It marked a testimony to the skills of Congress managers who once again got the arch-rivals in UP to come to the government's assistance. BSP, which had provided indirect support to the government by walking out of the Lok Sabha , was generous in helping UPA by coming out in the open to vote against the Opposition's amendments in the Upper House.Earlier, six Trinamool Congress members, consistent with the party's decision to bark at the government without biting it, had made themselves scarce during voting, which provided respite to the UPA but no guarantee against a certain defeat of the sort that it controversially managed to avert during the voting on Lokpal Bill last December.The vote on Lokpal Bill had seen Trinamool, SP and BSP joining forces with the Opposition on the ground that the legislation marked an encroachment on states' powers.Opposition and Trinamool have objected to the powers vested in the NCTC on the same ground: intrusion into the constitutionally guaranteed to states. However this time, both SP and BSP decided not to force the issue, saying that they were satisfied with government's assurance that it would look into the concerns of states.Sources said that government managers like parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal and his colleague Rajiv Shukla had also worked on Independents in the House: a precaution that seemed ultra-sensible when 14 members of the UPA failed to make it.The ministerial duo showed their nimble-footedness when they agreed to put an AIADMK- sponsored amendment criticizing Sri Lanka for its handling of Tamil issue to vote. DMK would have found it difficult to oppose the amendment moved by V Maithreyan and supported by CPI's D Raja on the emotive issue.But with NDA, Left and BJD having already walked out, the ministers reckoned that its southern ally could be spared the embarrassment of voting against an amendment championing the cause of the Lankan Tamils. DMK members swiftly headed for the exit.The vote on the thanksgiving motion had to be called after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's assurance that the next step on NCTC would be taken only after full consultations with the states failed to pacify both BJP and Left parties.TMC, which had moved amendments on the issue, left the House before voting on a division. However, five members of SP voted against the amendments again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349779", "title": "Breastfeeding can save 22% of newborns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dramatic health benefits have been proven to pass from a mother to her newborn through breast feeding. Experts say breast milk is packed with nutrients, vitamins and minerals and carries antibodies from the mother to help the baby combat life-threatening disease. The WHO and Union health ministry recommend exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months. They say breastfeeding should begin within an hour of birth and should be on demand, as often as the child wants day and night. However, fewer than 50% mothers in India follow this.Swati Popat Vats, president of Early Childhood Association says when a baby is born, the only organ that is ready but not developed is the brain. Vats said \"A baby is born with trillions of neurons which are not connected. The neurons require covering of a particular kind of fat which is essential for the child's brain to develop. This fat is available in right amounts in the mother's breast milk. Breast milk also help build the child's immune system.\" Experts say nearly two-third of the brain weight is phospholipids and long-chain fatty acids. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachi-donic acid ( AA) are key fatty acids. Human milk contains 30 times more DHA than cow's milk. According to WHO, infants should get 20 mg DHA/kg every day. Breast-fed babies have at least eight points higher IQ in later life as compared to formula-fed babies.Dr Arun Gupta, chair of the Global Breastfeeding Initiative for Child Survival said starting to breastfeed immediately after birth increases chances of survival of babies. \"If mothers start breastfeeding within an hour of birth, 22% babies who die in the first 28 days (about one million newborns each year) could be saved. Likelihood of death increases significantly each day the start of breastfeeding is further delayed,\" Dr Gupta added.Breast milk is also economical as the baby requires no other food or liquid, even water in the first six months. \"Exclusive breastfeeding is an important part of building optimal child nutrition during a baby's first 1,000 days failing which the damage is irreversible,\" Dr Gupta added. The milk produced in the first few days after childbirth, called colostrum, is rich in protective antibodies. It helps increase the baby's immunity, protects his intestines, and strengthens his respiratory system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349613", "title": "\u2018Cong lacks women who can win polls\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan on Tuesday said the party lacked enough women leaders who could win elections in proportion to the 33% quota being sought for them through the women reservation bill pending before the Parliament.The ruling party's president was addressing an assembly of Rajasthan Mahila Congress members at the Pradesh Congress Committee headquarters here. Advocating quota for women in both houses of Parliament and state assemblies, the Congress president said political parties need not wait for the reservation bill to be passed, as nothing stopped them from distributing election tickets to as many women candidates.\"But I cannot guarantee assembly tickets to 33% women candidates in the next polls since we would then need 66 women who can actually win elections,\" Chandrabhan said, referring to the assembly elections due in December 2013. The state assembly has 200 seats. \"The party would, nevertheless, field more women in the coming elections than it did in the last elections (December 2008),\" he hurriedly added.Chandrabhan pointed out that the elected women representatives at the Centre and the state were largely those who had political backgrounds. The party president said district and block Congress committees that do not have 'enough' women office-bearers would not be approved. \"Every district and block Congress executive committee should have at least 7 to 8 women office-bearers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12348978", "title": "Mangalore police get 2 more sniffer dogs", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Police has got its first pair of sniffer dogs that are trained exclusively to sniff out narcotics and drugs. Fifteen-month-old labradors Karna and Arjuna, who had undergone training for 11 months and passed all the tests at the Dog Squad Training Centre in Bangalore, joined city police on Tuesday. Raviraj, one of the two handlers of the dogs said, \"Basic obedience, useful obedience, marching and parade are the primary trainings given to all sniffer dogs.\"\"Karna and Arjuna are specially trained to detect drugs like charas, ganja, opium, brown sugar and cocaine. They can carry out search operations in locations like buildings and vehicles. They can sniff more drugs if they are trained further,\" he added. Only an officer of the rank of deputy commissioner of police can conduct tests for sniffer dogs.\"Dogs are selected based on the performance and the percentage of marks obtained in various tests,\" Raviraj said. Raviraj will be the care taker of Karna, while Arjuna will be taken care by Sadashiva Devannavar. Karna and Arjuna will live in separate accommodations provided in the spacious dog squad centre located near the city police commissioner's office. With the addition of two dogs the total strength of the dog squad has increased to six. Dobermen Don and Maya, and labradors Sandhya and Yathi are the other dogs in the squad. Their menu includes boneless mutton, egg, rice and noodles. Police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said that addition of two exclusively trained sniffer dogs to the dog squad would help city police to keep a strict tab on drug peddlers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349753", "title": "Govt offers job to Vava Suresh", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vava Suresh, the snake-catcher from the city who has caught over 28,000 deadly reptiles, is finally being recognized by the government.Forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar said in the assembly that the government was ready to give a job to Suresh at the snake park that would be set up at the Kottur forest area near Kattakada in Thiruvananthapuram.The park, which will be a Snake Rescue Centre, is being planned to benefit researchers. The park will come up adjacent to the Elephant Park at Kottur. The minister assured that Suresh will be free to pursue his favourite job of snake catching from any part of the state even though he will be given a job at the snake park.However, Suresh who is yet to get any communication in this regard said that he would not prefer a government job since he would not prefer working permanently anywhere outside Thiruvananthapuram.\"This is my hometown and I don't want to go out of the district. I am happy that the government has shown interest in giving me a job at Kottur. But there is no guarantee that I will not be transferred at the whims and fancies of the forest officials. I will join only if I get an assurance that I will be placed here permanently,\" said Suresh.Suresh has so far caught over 28,000 deadly snakes which include 24 King Cobras. Suresh, who hails from Sreekaryam, started the snake-catching at the age of 13. \"I have been catching snakes for the past 26 years and have spent lot of money on treatment. I have received snake bites several times and I had undergone treatment with help from well-wishers. This is the first time that the government has recognized me,\" said Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347870", "title": "Mossad didn\u2019t interrogate Kazmi: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Israeli intelligence agency Mossad has not questioned Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested in connection with last month's Israeli diplomat's car bombing, the Delhi Police told a local court on Tuesday, refuting the journalist's claim.The special cell of the Delhi Police told a trial court that \"no agency of any other country has yet come to interrogate the accused\".Filing a written reply before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, Delhi Police said if any request is made by foreign agencies in the future than they will have to allow it. \"India is a part of the international convention fighting against terrorism and as per the convention we will have to allow other investigating agencies to interrogate the accused,\" said Delhi police counsel Rajiv Mohan.In its reply, the police stated that no agency from any other country till date had come to interrogate Kazmi. \"The applicant has merely shown his apprehension without giving any instance. Yet, it is undertaken that all the provisions will be carries out after adopting the due procedure established by law,\" the reply stated.During the arguments, Kazmi's counsel Vijay Aggarawal said, \"Not only foreign agencies but also the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and the Intelligence Bureau (IB) are interrogating him even as his custody has been given only to the Delhi Police.\"To this the Delhi Police said, that no such interrogation by any other agency had taken place. They however added that there was no bar on RAW and IB interrogating him. Kazmi was arrested in connection with the bomb attack on an Israeli embassy vehicle on March 7 and was sent to 20 day police custody.Responding to Aggarwal's allegation that cops of the special cell were breaking rules by not wearing their uniforms, the police's reply stated, \"It is submitted that special cell officials work on cases of a highly sensitive nature especially operations against culprits involved in terrorist activities...the officials of special cell are required to wear plain clothes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349258", "title": "Fake certificate racket kingpin held", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested the kingpin of fake certificate racket, who is an ex-employee of DAVV University, here late on Monday evening.The police have arrested Rafique Qureshi, who was absconding since the racket was busted, from Manik Bag area. On Monday, the police got a tip-off about his presence in Manik Bagh, cordoned off the area and arrested him.The accused has reportedly confessed of producing fake certificates for Rs 10,000 to 25,000, though the police believe that they used to charge somewhere between Rs 50,000 to Rs 80,000. Police informed that even non-residential Indians were the clients of the gang.The police have sent seized documents to the university for verification. They have confiscated more than a dozen fake mark-sheets, migration certificates and around 100 photographs.The police had busted the gang on January 27. They had already arrested three persons, Vikram, Krishnakant and Dewan Narendra Singh, in the case. Qureshi had quit his job from DAVV in 2009. The police are preparing to take him on remand for the interrogation, Anil Singh Thakur, inspector of Chhotigwaltoli police, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350054", "title": "'Spitting an inherent character of Indians'", "text": "Mumbai: Spitting is an inherent characteristic of Indians, said the Bombay high court on Tuesday while hearing a petition challenging the power given by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to clean-up marshals to fine offenders. The association of ready-mix concrete truck owners had moved court after its vehicles were detained by clean-up marshals for dirtying roads. The vehicles, the association claimed, were released upon payment of Rs 10,000 as fine each.The association's advocate Mukesh Vashi argued before a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka that the power to fine is sovereign. Questioning how private persons could impose fines and detain trucks, Vashi asked, \"I have not dirtied the road. Who will decide if I dispute the fine?\"The judges observed that the entire exercise will be a parody if there is no conviction. The court was told that marshals also keep a watch on those spitting on the road. \"We cannot believe that people don't spit. It (spitting) is an inherent character of our people. See the road. See the high court (building). There is a tendency among our Indian people,\" said Justice Majmudar. \"It is difficult in our country. You cannot introduce any change,\" he added.BMC advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni said the idea behind clean-up marshals is not to collect money, but to deter offenders. But the judges perusing the annexures to the bylaw under which the BMC has delegated the power to fine to marshals wondered how a fine of Rs 1,000 could be levied for washing a vehicle on roads. Justice Majmudar said, \"In Bombay, there is street parking on both sides.\"The judge observed that it is the duty of every citizen to keep the city clean. \"Civic sense of the people is required to be improved. If public and private work 100% together, then the city will look different. If foreigners come here, they will say it is a clean city,\" said Justice Majmudar.Admitting the petition to decide if marshals can act as agents of the BMC and impose fines, the judges said, \"Prima facie, we do not doubt the laudable object in framing the resolution.\" They said that the petitioner or any person who has grievance with regards to fines may appeal before the zonal deputy municipal commissioner. The judges said that in the larger public interest, it would not be proper to grant interim order staying the marshals from imposing fines, except that the agency (appointing them) must maintain regular accounts. In case the petition succeeds, the amount may be refunded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12348672", "title": "Second loco begins service on Nilgiri Mountain Railway", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The second indigenous oil-fired engine was put into service in the Nilgiri Mountain Railway (NMR) with four passenger coaches on Tuesday.After completing several trial runs between Mettupalayam and Coonoor, the new engine chugged uphill with four coaches, fully occupied with passengers, reached Coonoor from Mettupalayam.According to a Coonoor railway station official, the four passenger coaches, including a first class coach, were fully occupied with over 200 passengers. The journey was smooth and the loco will return to Mettupalayam on Wednesday with passengers, said the official. The loco has been put on trial for the last one month and never developed any technical snags. On Tuesday, the service was started successfully, added the official.The second indigenous oil-fired loco engine was rolled out from the Golden Rock workshop in Trichy on February 6.The first indigenous oil-fired loco, a first of its kind made at Golden Rock work shop rolled out in February 19, 2011. The second new loco is an addition to the Nilgiri Mountain Railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347750", "title": "Not easy to be poor when poverty ends at Rs 34.67", "text": "NEW DELHI: Half a roti and a bowl of sattu (roast gram flour) in chhachh (buttermilk) is lunch for children at a squatter's colony in North Delhi. With inflation gnawing on their already meagre portions, fruit and milk are rare treats. But these visibly malnourished children do not count among the city's poor as their per-head cost of survival exceeds Rs 34.67 per day - the Planning Commission's new 'poverty line' for cities.A day after the commission wiped off lakhs of urban poor with its number trick, TOI spoke to families ranged on the poverty line to find out what living on Rs 34 a day means.\"If a person living on Rs 34 is not poor, what is he? We spend much more than Rs 34 per head everyday and still can's make ends meet. Our children can't eat vegetables every day: even tomatoes are Rs 15-20 a kilo. Milk costs Rs 20 per pouch. The government must be out of its mind,\" said Sukhmati, who lives with her husband, son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren in the colony. The couples work at a drain close by their shanty. There are no toilets for them.Rickshaw puller Radhesham laughed when told 5 crore people had broken out of the poverty trap in 2009-10, as per the Planning Commission. \"That's because the very poor people like us don't get the yellow card (for 'below poverty line' families) anymore. Now that Rs 34.67 is the cut-off, all the poor will disappear. I earn Rs 100 a day but have no savings because food and medicines cost so much,\" he said. His wife Gomti needs expensive medication for a severe skin allergy. \"We have just spent Rs 600 on my medicines,\" she said.At Moolchand Basti under the Ring Road Bypass, a family of 15 subsists on bare essentials, spending Rs 2,100 per month on wheat flour. They grow vegetables like radish, spinach, onions and tomatoes on the riverbank but eat them sparingly. \"We sell most of our produce at the Daryaganj market and earn Rs 5,000-6,000. We spend less than Rs 34 per person, but that's because we don't need to buy vegetables. Nobody can live with dignity on just Rs 34 a day in this city,\" said Chando Devi, the matriarch, \"This big a family needs 150kg wheat flour a month, and rice. Dal is a luxury\".Life is tougher for poor migrants. Alfred Joseph came from Kerala for treatment of a neurological condition 21 years ago. He had to stay back as he ran out of money. When his electrical engineering diploma failed to get him a job, he took up work at a nursery. \"I deliver flowerpots at houses. The rickshaw rent alone takes away Rs 800 per month. I had adopted an ailing child, and his meals and medicines cost a lot. I spent Rs 50 everyday last week on medicines,\" Joseph said.High inflation in the last two years has put Joseph under tremendous strain. He keeps putting off a much needed eye operation although his vision is failing.Anand Bahadur, who migrated from near Lakhimpur in Assam 15 years ago, is in a similar situation. \"I spend Rs 60 just to move around, and on tea and snacks. And I earn roughly Rs 100 everyday. Would you call me rich? It's a very stressful life trying to earn enough so that my children don't sleep hungry,\" said the ragpicker. Bahadur said he felt the number of poor had been increasing. His perception, based on common sense, actually agrees with the Asian Development Bank's recent report that predicts a 10% rise in food prices could push almost 3 crore more Indians into extreme poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349114", "title": "Why should we prepare for Maths exam again?", "text": "BANGALORE: Shiela Kumar arrived at her II PU exam centre on her dad's scooter when an official at the gate asked her to go back home. He said the Maths exam has been postponed, pointing to the black board notice. For a brief second her face lit up in relief, but fell the very next moment.\"Does that mean I have to prepare all over again?\" she wailed. \"What is the point in being honest? My parents have always asked me not to cheat in exams. When the entire world is not following it, why should I? I feel so cheated,\" she said as she climbed back on to the scooter. Shiela was echoing the feelings of thousands of students who were to appear for the exam on Tuesday. Since the confirmation of the leak came only early in the morning, there was no way that the department of PU education could inform the stakeholders about the change. Students duly arrived in the morning for the exam that was to start at 9am, only to be turned back.Colleges were informed about it when PU officials arrived with the set of question papers for the Geography exam. Immediately, staff was deployed to pass on the message. \"Students were asked to go back immediately as the Geography paper was on, and we didn't want it to be disturbed,\" said Roshan Lobo, principal, St Joseph's PU College.\"This is so unfortunate. I had to take leave for a day. Usually, I drop my daughter and go to work. Today, I had to go back and drop her home by which time I got delayed and had to take off. The department has to be more proactive about handling exams as such leaks have happened before,\" said Chandrashekhar S, a parent at St Joseph's College.\"It's so disappointing. My students were all set to finish off with Maths, which is one of the tough subjects. They were mentally prepared to face it. Now, they have to go through the ordeal again,\" said Joshua Samuel, principal, Baldwin's Methodist College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349134", "title": "Bidari stays on till month-end at least", "text": "BANGALORE: DG &amp; IGP Shankar M Bidari got temporary relief from the high court on Tuesday when it ordered status quo with regard to the top post.The division bench headed by Justice Dilip B Bhosale set March 28 as the next date of hearing of the government's petition challenging the March 16 order of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Bangalore bench.Advocate general S Vijay Shankar, arguing on behalf of the government, said there was no challenge over empanelment of Bidari in the original application filed by AR Infant before the CAT, and the tribunal had exceeded its jurisdiction in annulling it. The government also contended that the directive for appointing Infant on adhoc basis is unwarranted for and lacks jurisdiction.The CAT had said Bidari's empanelment had been done without the Union Public Service Commission knowing about excesses allegedly committed by the Special Task Force headed by him as found in the Justice AJ Sadashiva Committee report.The CAT also recorded that the case resembles the CVC case involving PJ Thomas, and termed Bidai's appointment \"the result of non-application of mind and deliberate suppression of material facts\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351716", "title": "Hyderabad ladies at a designer store", "text": "The city's lovely ladies made a beeline to preview the latest bridal collection at a high end designer store.Brideto-be Upasna K a m i n e n i , who has become a social recluse of late, walked in, looking rather pretty in a pink sari. After she unveiled the line, guests caught up on fashion and gossip. A few were seen indulging in some serious retail therapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349082", "title": "Patna University Teachers\u2019 Association to work for solution to teachers\u2019 problems", "text": "PATNA: The newly elected office-bearers of Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) will work collectively for the betterment of service conditions and fulfillment of the long-pending demands of university teachers.Puta president P K Poddar told TOI here on Tuesday that all the seven office-bearers, irrespective of their past affiliation, are moving together from one college to the other to ascertain the genuine problems of teachers and chalk out strategy to resolve them. He said that their first priority would be to get the backlog of all promotion cases cleared by the university. All cases of pending promotions, including those of teachers of 2003 batch, would have to be cleared by the university at the earliest.Screening of such promotion cases in some subjects has already been taken up, Poddar said. Puta would also press the university authorities for payment of various types of arrears of university teachers. Teachers have not yet been paid the arrears of the Fifth Pay Revision in 1996 and no process has been initiated so far for payment of arrears of the Sixth Pay Revision in 2006. The association would also work for getting all the vacant sanctioned posts of teachers filled to overcome the problem of teachers' shortage, he added.Retired teachers: A delegation of the Federation of Retired University Teachers' Association of Bihar led by its president, Ghanshyam Prasad Singh, met deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi here on Tuesday and urged him to expedite revision of their pension without imposing any rider. Modi assured the delegation that there would be no discrimination whatsoever in fixation of their revised pension on the ground of time-bound or merit promotion.He also assured sympathetic consideration of their other demands, including merger of 50 percent Dearness Relief with pension with effect from January, 2005, payment of UGC pay arrears from January, 1998, to all retired teachers and withdrawal of the University (Amendments) Bills, 2011, passed by the legislature in March, 2011. PU exams: Patna University BA, BSc and BCom Part III honours examinations of 2012 commenced here on Tuesday on a peaceful note. No untoward incident was reported from any centre of examination, said PU vicechancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. The LL B Part III examination of PU was also held peacefully at all the centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348374", "title": "13-year-old runaway kid found in Ajmer, kin elated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 13-year-old child, who fled from the city after being threatened that he would be expelled from a madrassa, was found from Ajmer. As he was repeatedly trying to contact his father and brother, a team of Shahpur police went with his parents to bring him back from Rajasthan on Tuesday.Police said Hamid Abdul Rashid, 13, a resident of Salatwada in Shahpur, is a student at a madrassa in Dholka. On January 7, he went to the madrassa where he was asked to bring his parents with him the following day as he had violated various rules of the institution and was threatened to get expelled for indiscipline. He did not return on that day after which his parents started a search, but in vain.\"We got a call from him on March 16. It was rather a missed call as he had made 20 missed calls on my and his brother's numbers. When we called up on that number, a man answered it and said that he owns a shop in Jaipur and he doesn't know us. We, however, had a hunch that it might be a call from Hamid and we pursued the matter. We approached Shahpur police and informed them about the development. The police took help of the crime branch and located the number to Ajmer,\" said Abdul Rashid, his father.The family soon got the confirmation that it was indeed Hamid in distress when he called up on March 19 and stated his address. Without any delay, the family took a private vehicle, got two policemen and drove off to Ajmer where he was found from a market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348838", "title": "Clock Tower set for golden evenings", "text": "LUCKNOW: The magnificent Hussainabad Clock Tower will tick again soon. The renovation of the Nawabi period monument is nearing completion of its fifth phase. Once done, the tower will be illuminated through focus and flood lights. The work is to be completed by March end.Secretary, Hussainabad Trust, OP Pathak said, \"The restoration work was undertaken in April 2010. Spread over six phases in two years, the project has lived up to the expectations of those associated with it. Only the last leg is left and we hope to finish it soon.\" It all started after several unsuccessful attempts to revive the antique piece. Initially, there were plans to change the dysfunctional clock. When this news was flashed in the media, several Lucknowites opposed the move while a friends' duo offered to repair the old one.One of them is Akhilesh Agarwal, a retired mechanical engineer having expertise in precision engineering. The other is Captain Paritosh Chauhan who retired from the merchant navy recently. Later, former chief engineer with public works department, BK Shrotiya also joined them. Together, they worked on the project and found that though a large number of important parts were missing, the job of repairing the clock was not impossible. The efforts changed the fate of this clock tower which had been lying dysfunctional since 1984.First, the face of the clock facing the lake in Picture Gallery was repaired. Then, the clocks on the other sides were made functional. Next, repair of gongs was undertaken. In the last phase, the top of the Clock Tower is to be repaired and illuminated.Hussainabad Clock Tower is 67 feet high and built in the European style. Its construction began in 1885 under the flagship of Hussainabad Endowment Trust. Two years later, the Clock Tower was completed and dedicated to Sir George Cooper, the first governor general of Avadh. Experts repairing it said that the clock is a complicated structure. \"It is actually a brilliant consolidation of four individual clocks fused together to form a fifth one (which is the Clock Tower),\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12349057", "title": "This nomad is now a KAS officer", "text": "Dharwad: He belongs to 'Sudugadu Siddaru', a nomadic tribe that predicts the future of people as a means of earning their livelihood. But nobody predicted his bright future. If he has written his own destiny, it is through sheer determination.Durgesh Rudrakshi, the tribal boy, has today become an inspiration for youngsters in his community by clearing the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) examination.Rudrakshi hails from Kuntalanagar in Koppal district. His father Krishnayya and mother Doddayelamma encouraged Durgesh's desire to be educated and helped him join school.Belonging to a nomadic family, it was inevitable for Durgesh to travel along with his parents and go to schools in respective places. He completed his primary education at Lokapur and Dyamapur and joined high school in Kukanur. He also completed his pre-university at Kukanur.Later he enrolled for TCH and completed degree at Karnataka College in Dharwad before taking up a job as a teacher at Bogur government primary school in Dharwad.Inspired by the academic glow in Dharwad and guidance by teachers at Karnatak College, Durgesh took KAS examination in 2007 and cleared it. However, he did not get an appointment order and took the examination again in 2010 and came out with flying colours securing 28th rank.Speaking to TOI, Durgesh attributed his success to the sacrifices his parents and brother made. He recalled the bad times, when the family had to mortgage their belongings to get loan to finance his education. He also recalled with reverence the support extended by Professor Usha Murthy during his college days.Now that he is ready to don the role as an assistant commissioner, Durgesh wants to enlighten the nomads about the importance of education and provide them shelter to settle down at one place. Having experienced poverty and hunger and the humiliation associated with them, Durgesh has pledged to serve society with humility and be an upright officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350325", "title": "Costly BKC bus fare irks commuters", "text": "Mumbai: The recently started bus service to the Bandra-Kurla Complex has evoked resentment among some office-goers because of its high fares.The special service-funded by the MMRDA-was started from Bandra and Kurla stations and was priced at Rs 10.A section of office-goers has been grumbling about the service as the bus fare is higher than the regular buses routes which go to the area. The fares from Bandra station range from Rs 4 to Rs 7 depending on the area in BKC you are travelling to while the fare from Kurla to BKC is Rs 7.MMRDA officials said BEST was pleased with the service and was now thinking of introducing AC buses to help the BKC office-goers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12351208", "title": "Charanjit Singh Atwal elected Punjab assembly speaker", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Lok Sabha deputy speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal was on Tuesday unanimously elected speaker of the Punjab assembly and Dinesh Singh Babbu as deputy speaker.The name of Atwal, a senior Shiromani Akali Dal leader, who was the assembly speaker from 1997 to 2002, was proposed by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, seconded by BJP's Chunni Lal Bhagat and Congress legislature party leader Sunil Kumar Jhakar.BJP's Babbu represents Sujanpur seat in Pathankot. His name, too, was proposed by Badal, seconded by Bhagat and Jhakhar.Meanwhile, a day before Punjab governor Shivraj Patil is scheduled to address the assembly, Atwal asked the opposition members to maintain the dignity of the House and not to indulge in walk-outs.\"I have seen that opposition has generally made it a rule to stage a walkout during the governor's address. It's a wastage of time. The governor's address is important to the people of the entire state and the members should behave responsibly,\" he said. In his short address, Badal added that bonhomie was required in the House so that decisions are taken in the interest of the people.\"This is why I had invited all the Congress members to the swearing-in ceremony of the SAD-BJP government. However, no one turned up. I guess all the Congress leaders were too shocked by the defeat of the party to react to my invite,\" he said.Former Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh and former leader of opposition Rajinder Kaur Bhattal were not present in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352452", "title": "Dodged this one!", "text": "Pritam isn't exactly guilty of lifting Pyaar ki pungi from the disputed Iranian songWhoever saw this coming? For a music director maneuvering his decade-long discography in Bollywood through a minefield of 'inspired' international compositions, Pritam Chakraborty emerges largely innocent in perhaps the first serious legal threat coming his way.Iranian pop band Baborax has dispatched a legal notice to our undisputed prince of plagiarism for lifting the intro drum and bass loop from their ditty Soosan Khanoom for Agent Vinod's Pyaar Ki Pungi. But this time, you must believe, Pritam's hands were not exactly in the cookie jar.Mumbai Mirror, on March 14, had first pointed out how the infectious bass-driven percussion sample that kicks off Pyaar Ki Pungi and stays through till the chorus, is an unmistakable clone of the opening portion of Soosan Khanoom. Barring this similarity though, the two songs, melody or rhythm-wise, are chalk and cheese. It's another matter that Pritam manages to channel a jumbled-up feel of Hasan Jahangir's megahit Hawa Hawa other than rhythmically leaning on Kaalia's Jahaan Teri Yeh Nazar Hai.As for the disputed percussion sample, it isn't so outlandish as to be just one-of-its-kind. In the time of digital music-making softwares stacked with sound libraries full of thousands of free samples, it's easy to pass off a niggling five-second-long drum loop as a purely original effort. Except that the human ear discerns something more. That explains why it's pretty clear that Pyaar Ki Pungi's initial portion seems fished straight out of the Barobax number.In the end, Pritam's fortune clearly favours his bravery. He could've avoided this legal hassle (read free publicity) simply by not using the loop so indiscreetly at the start. But that's not him. Be it ripping off the Korean song, Sarang Hae Yo, note-by-note for the Race hit Pehli Nazar mein or repainting Indonesian band Peterpan's Tak Bisakah as Kya Mujhe Pyaar Hai for Woh Lamhe, Pritam has spun a career out of treading on thin ice. Luckily for him, this time, he's standing on safe ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12348591", "title": "New NCR plan aims to avoid land acquisition row in future", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the one lakh homebuyers of Noida Extension are waiting for the NCR Planning Board's meeting on Thursday to shed some light on the fate of the projects, the new state government has already launched the process of formulating a new sub-regional plan for the NCR region to ensure \"holistic development\" of the area.Once the new plan is formulated, all departments and concerned agencies will coordinate to bring about time bound development in the NCR. The new plan will also ensure that situations similar to the Noida Extension-Greater Noida land acquisition fiasco do not surface again.The sub-regional plan that will define the land use and other development activities in the region will be effective in Ghaziabad, Baghpat, Gautam Budh Nagar, Meerut, Bulandshahar and Panchsheel Nagar. It focuses on issues like housing, industries, commercial development, roads, transport, health and education among other things.While a meeting held on Monday evening in which the state housing department made a presentation to the chief secretary's steering committee regarding the new sub-regional plan remained inconclusive, sources said work has already begun in association with several other departments to resubmit the plan as soon as possible.\"The idea is to take into account the population and the infrastructural and development needs of these districts and to come up with an all encompassing development plan. Yesterday's presentation had a lot of gaps and so the chief secretary has ordered a revised presentation be prepared as soon as possible,\" said Anil Kumar Gupta, the new industrial development commissioner.\"It will take into account all aspects of development, be it the micro need for new roads, flyovers, schools and colleges, hospitals and better public transport arrangements or macro issues like housing and industrial development. The new sub-regional plan will be in conformity with the NCR Regional Plan to ensure systematic development across the six districts,\" Gupta said.\"It is a step forward and the new plan will take into account all aspects of development and serve till at least 2031,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12348052", "title": "Blind kids block road, protest assault on varsity student", "text": "Varanasi: The blind students of Hanuman Prasad Poddar Andh Vidyalaya blocked the Durgakund Road under Bhelupur police station limits on Tuesday in protest against the alleged assault on a university student who visited their school to talk on their behalf with the school authorities.The students, especially of class IX and X of this school, are protesting for the past few days alleging that they are being served poor quality food in school as well as in the hostel.When the district officials contacted the school authorities, they said that the school gets no government aide for running class IX and X at this school, which also provides boarding facility to the blind students up to class X. As there is a provision of funding for the students up to class VIII, the students up to this class have no complaints. But the students of high school have many complaints.Reports stated that on Tuesday, some students of a university reached the school to talk to the school authorities on the behalf of blind students. It was alleged that during the talks, the school authorities assaulted one of the varsity students, identified as Vinay Shukla. Angered over the incident, the students came on the road and blocked it outside the school.On receiving information of the incident, ADM (city) M P Singh reached the incident site.He asked the students to give a written complaint of assault on Vinay by school authorities. The police would investigate the matter after lodging an FIR in this connection, he said, adding that the students were also asked to submit their other grievances, which they have against the school authorities so that the district administration could initiate appropriate action. After these assurances, the blind students called off their stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12349789", "title": "Gujarat\u2019s agricultural universities to expand", "text": "VADODARA: Touted as one of the biggest steps in Gujarat's agriculture sector, four agriculture universities of Gujarat will expand their wings by starting at least a dozen colleges across the state that will include horticulture, agriculture biotechnology and a special woman tissue culture institute.It is for the first time after the erstwhile Gujarat Agricultural University ( GAU) was split into four agricultural universities in 2004 that such a major academic expansion is taking placing in agri education sector of Gujarat.If Anand Agricultural University (AAU) will start three new colleges including a horticulture college and two agriculture colleges, the Navsari Agricultural University ( NAU) will start four new colleges including two agriculture colleges, an agriculture engineering college and an agriculture biotechnology college.Junagadh Agricultural University (JAU) will start three new colleges including a horticulture college, an agri-engineering polytechnic and an agriculture college.Sardar Krushinagar-Dantiwada Agricultural University will start two new colleges including a horticulture college and an agriculture college.All this is being done as Gujarat which has carved a niche in agriculture growth by surpassing the national average is facing a tremendous shortage in skilled manpower to support the growth of agro-based industries, rural banking system and faculties for academics.\"Every year, there is a demand of nearly 35,000 agriculture graduates across the country whereas the supply of such graduates is 20,000 on the upper side resulting in a huge deficit of skilled manpower.In fact, Maharashtra and Rajasthan presently produce more number of agriculture graduates compared to Gujarat. The state government has granted us the permission to start the new colleges to meet the futuristic demand of agriculture graduates,\" AAU's vice-chancellor A M Sheikh told TOI.The university will begin academic operations of two colleges from this year.\"We will be starting agri-biotechnology college at Surat which will be the first run by a Gujarat based agricultural university. This college will also house a special tissue culture training institute only for women,\" said NAU's vice-chancellor A R Pathak.Last year, the intake capacities of all the four existing agriculture colleges of Gujarat were doubled.\"Despite this there is crunch of skilled manpower. Of the nearly 450 graduates that pass out every year from these agriculture colleges, nearly 70 percent opt for higher studies. This leaves only a handful of graduates for recruitments even in agriculture department. We are happy that Gujarat government has accepted our demand and the new colleges will come up as per Indian Council for Agricultural Research guidelines,\" added Pathak.\"Even in the private sector, the demand for agriculture graduates has increased significantly. The permission to start the new colleges means that the requirement is finally being visualized as not only agriculture graduates, there is an acute shortage of professionals even in allied disciplines,\" said JAU's vice-chancellor N C Patel.Each new college will have intake 40 to 50 students and around Rs 40 crore would be required to set up each of the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348058", "title": "Force without direction, senior posts lie vacant", "text": "GURGAON: It's not just the lower ranks, several posts of even senior police officers have been lying vacant for quite some time now, which, in turn, is posing a major problem for proper vigilance in the city.This is when the Haryana police chief says that the city requires a different level of policing as compared to other parts of the state. DGP R S Dalal, who was in the town last week, has stressed on having officer-oriented policing in Gurgaon. By this, Dalal meant not only DCPs and ACPs, but also more sub-inspectors and inspectors in the police department.However, the ground reality is quite opposite. Important posts like that of ACPs and DCPs along with joint commissioner of police, sub-inspectors and inspectors are lying vacant.According to official data, as compared to seven sanctioned posts of DCPs, only four are filled. Similarly, out of 17 ACPs, 10 posts are lying vacant. Out of 67 inspectors and 165 sub-inspectors, 56 and 142 posts have been filled respectively.Sources said no ACPs are posted in DLF and Bhondsi, while officials like DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal and DCP (west) Abhay Singh Rao are given the additional duty of DCP (crime) and DCP (headquarters). Gurgaon police plan to depute one ACP on MG road on night duty, but acute shortage of such officials will pose a challenge to them.A senior official said there is definitely a need to increase the number of senior cops in the city which would help in better policing.There is also a major crisis of head constables and constables. As many as 1,393 vacancies of constables and 452 head constables are lying vacant in Gurgaon.Dalal has announced that these vacancies would be filled soon while around 1,000 constables are likely to join Gurgaon police by August this year. Gurgaon will also have a full-fledged commando battalion to deal with terrorist activities very soon.DCP (headquarters) Abhay Singh Rao said that besides increasing manpower, focus should also be on modernization of the department which will not only streamline policing but also help in better surveillance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347656", "title": "Cheat firm directors extradited from Vietnam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Absconding directors of multi-level marketing company Gold Sukh Trade India Ltd, which allegedly duped its investors over Rs 300 crore in Rajasthan, have been extradited to India from Vietnam with Interpol's help, a CBI spokesperson said on Tuesday.Rajasthan Police had requested the CBI to issue Red Corner Notices against the firm's directors Mahendra Nirwan, Neetu Nirwan, Manvendra Pratap Singh Chauhan, Pramod alias Bablu Sharma and Asha Sharma following which the agency coordinated with authorities in Bangkok and Hanoi that led to their arrest and deportation.The company had allegedly duped thousands, who had fallen for the promise of 27 times more returns of their investments in only 15 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12353400", "title": "Fire at private clinic in Midnapore, patients evacuated", "text": "MIDNAPORE: In a close shave, more than 43 patients were saved after a fire broke out in a private nursing home in Midnapore town of West Bengal - around 150 kms from Kolkata on Wednesday morning.The incident comes close on the heels of the AMRI Hospital fire in Kolkata where 91 persons were killed in December 2011.Spandan Nursing Home, the clinic where the fire occured, is the biggest private clinic in Midnapore town.Around 8.40am, employees of the five-storied clinic noticed thick smoke bellowing from the basement of the building. They raised an alarm which alerted locals who reached and started rescue operations.The employees and eyewitnesses claim that the fire broke out inside a room in the basement where huge quantity of electric cables were stored. The pharmacy of the clinic is also located just beside the room where the fire broke out.The fire brigade was informed. But even before its arrival, locals joined hands with employees to rescue patients who were stuck in different floors of the clinic. Luckily, the clinic does not have any centrally airconditioning system and employees broke the glass panels of the windows to disperse the smoke which had reached up to the top floor.Along with the fire officials, elite police force camped in Midnapore for anti-Naxal operations joined the rescue work. Some of them scaled up to the higher floors from outside walls and rescued several patients. One sustained minor injuries but finally the rescue team managed to bring out all the patients including 4 kids safely. They were shifted to Midnapore Medical College and two other private nursing homes.After a three-hour long fight, fire brigade managed to bring situation under control. ePolice havdetained two top officials of the nursing home management and will soon initiate a case against the clinic. Tarapada Dhal, the Chief Medical Officer of the district claimed that after AMRI incident both health and fire department inspected the clinic and suggested specific guidelines to follow, but they did not comply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348824", "title": "Court declares Raut offender in Pujari case", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Tuesday declared Yogesh Raut, one of the main absconding suspects in the gang rape and murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari, as a proclaimed offender. Raut had escaped from police custody from Sassoon general hospital on September 17, 2011.The court had earlier issued a non-bailable warrant for arresting Raut so that he could face trial with three other suspects in the case. Inspector S S Shinde (crime) of Yerawada police station filed a detailed report on the efforts made by police for tracing Raut after the warrant was issued.The report filed before the court by lawyer Sachin Thombare,who is assisting special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar, gives elaborate details about the police's visit to Raut's residence at Golegaon in Khed and other places, but he was not to be found.Police have recorded statements of Golegaon villagers and Raut's family members including his wife who is staying at Aundh, but all said that Raut had not visited his residence after he had escaped.The report states that police had conducted an inquiry with tour operators, at state transport bus stands and railway stations to trace him as he was a driver by profession.Thombare prayed for issuing a proclamation order against Raut.The judge issued the order under section 82 of the Criminal Procedure Code on the grounds that there was no immediate hope of arresting him as the warrant against him could not be executed. The order gives Raut 30 days to appear before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353100", "title": "Rana Daggubati can dance", "text": "Actor Rana Daggubati seems to be attracting a lot of attention these days. If not going shirtless and showcasing his buff body, the actor's steamy pictures with RGV's latest muse, Nathalia, have grabbed him enough media attention.But his contemporaries from the industry are talking about neither. In fact, it is Rana's dance moves that have his friends from Tollywood shocked! The actor recently posted the video of the title track of his forthcoming film, \"Naa Ishtam\" on a micro blogging site for his followers. The movie starring Genelia sees Rana shaking a leg like never before to the song. Voicing his surprise, good friend Ram Charan Tej took to his micro blogging profile and posted, \"Can't believe rana the gaint cud dance like this... Superb bro.. U rocked it...all the best (sic)\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349496", "title": "Speeding may land you in jail in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a series of fatal accidents due to overspeeding in the city, Delhi Police is now mulling ways to jail those who drive their vehicles above the prescribed speed limit.\"We will propose that those who drive at speeds which are excessive should be detained and their driving licences seized and suspended, based on photographic evidence by the courts, apart from fines etc. \"Over speeding also has jail terms as well. We will take up with the court that in excessive cases jail terms be given,\" Satyendra Garg, Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic), said.In several cases of drunken driving, drivers were sent to jail. Last year, a total of 18073 motorists were prosecuted for drunken driving of which 2,960 were given jail terms and 2,212 driving licenses were suspended.Garg also said city would soon have sophisticated cameras to check overspeeding.\"We have been, ever since mindless cases of people driving at 150 km and above, have come to notice, looking for devices which can check over speeding particularly in night.\"Yesterday I had a look at a system on ground which was beautifully taking photos of vehicle, number plate and the driver even at 100 plus speed in night with details of speed at which vehicle was driven. Soon the capital should have these cameras and we can rein in devils at wheels who over speed and are dangers to themselves and to others,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348502", "title": "Now, driving licence at home by speed post", "text": "GURGAON: Now Gurgaon residents won't have to visit the regional transport office ( RTO) again and again and stand in a queue to get their driving licences and vehicle registration certificates. These documents will be delivered to the applicants through Speed Post. The district administration on Tuesday said that it would start the home delivery system in the Gurgaon sub-division of the district from April.The spokesman said that to start the service, the department of posts will sign an MoU with the District IT Society (DITS). A separate counter will be set up in the E-Disha centre at mini secretariat and there will be an office of India Posts. The consumers will have to pay Rs 20 extra to DITS for availing themselves of this service. Initially, areas falling in Gurgaon tehsil and Manesar tehsil would be covered.He said that at the time of dispatch of the document intimation will be sent to the applicant through SMS stating that the RC or DL has been prepared and sent through Speed Post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350099", "title": "Gadkari has long meeting with RSS", "text": "NAGPUR: National president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday spent a few hours with RSS top bosses in two meetings. It started off at Smriti Mandir at Reshimbagh and later extended to the RSS headquarters in Mahal area.While Gadkari avoided talking to the media, the RSS did confirm the meeting.Around 10.30am Gadkari visited the Reshimbagh office of the RSS, which was the venue of the three-day Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha, the all important representative body of the Sangh parivar that elects top RSS office-bearers. He met RSS Sarsanghachalak Mohan Bhagwat and his deputy Bhaiyyaji Joshi for almost two hours. Later, they moved to the RSS headquarters in Mahal and spent more time closeted in important deliberations.This is the first meeting of the BJP president with the RSS bosses after the recent elections in five states where the party emerged with mixed results.While it performed poorly in UP and lost Uttarakhand in a close political battle, it wrested Goa from the Congress and retained power in Punjab as an ally of Shiromani Akali Dal .Gadkari's meeting with the RSS bosses assumed more importance in light of the crisis gripping the BJP in Karnataka where former chief minister Yedyurappa has revolted claiming support of 70 MLAs. However, Joshi told reporters that Gadkari's meeting had nothing to do with day-to-day politics or working of the BJP.While admitting that the political crisis in Karnataka was serious, Joshi said the BJP and Gadkari were capable of resolving the crisis.Gadkari is known to enjoy RSS blessings that came into play in his ascendancy as party chief. His term is ending in December and if it is to be extended, the BJP will have to amend its constitution which has provision of only term at the top for an individual leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348864", "title": "Jayant Chaudhary resigns as MLA", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Jayant Chaudhary on Tuesday resigned from the membership of UP legislative assembly while opting to retain his Mathura parliamentary seat. He submitted his resignation to principal secretary of Vidhan Sabha.Son of RLD chief Ajit Singh, Jayant, had contested from Mant assembly constituency in Mathura and won the seat defeating six-time MLA, Shyam Sunder Sharma, who contested on a Trinamool Congress ticket.Jayant had contested the elections in a bid to strengthen the position of RLD and consolidate party ranks in the west UP. In fact, he was projected to play an important role in case RLD, which contested the assembly elections in alliance with Congress, managed to get enough seats.However, the party received a heavy drubbing with its tally getting reduced from 10 in 2007 to 9. With Jayant vacating the seat, it could once again be open for Shyam Sunder Sharma to get back his seat. This may further reduce RLD's strength.RLD sources said that the party would not like to lose the seat at any cost. Speculations are rife that Jayant's wife, Charu, might be fielded from the seat whenever by-poll happens. Party workers said that final call would be taken by Union civil aviation minister and RLD chief Ajit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350178", "title": "Misprint in HSC papers gives full marks to students", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is some good news for HSC students. All students, who attempted questions of chemistry, physics-II and fisheries having printing errors, will get full marks.For physics-II, the misprint was worth almost 10% of the total marks. Debashis Bhowmick, vice-principal of Nuva College and a PhD in physics, said, \"Question number five was about finding the shortest wavelength for Paschen and Brackett series in hydrogen atom. However, instead of mentioning the symbol for angstrom, they printed a symbol which made no sense.\"Sanjay Charalwar, principal of Mohota Science College, said, \"The board has committed an error in printing and the usual practice is to give full marks to students who have either attempted the question or even written the question number in the paper.\"There were two such errors in the chemistry subject, with one mistake each in paper-I and II. SS Goyal, lecturer at VB Junior College said, \"In the first paper, there were numericals to be solved using Hess' Law but the data was wrong. They had printed H2O gas whereas H2O liquid should have been mentioned. The board has decided to give full four marks to anyone who attempted the question.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "sivasagar", "code": "12350883", "title": "Scribe assaulted in Sivasagar", "text": "SIVASAGAR: A reporter of a private TV news channel was severely injured after being attacked by the coal mafia in Sivasagar district on Tuesday.Police said Bipin Hazarika had gone to Geleki town to collect information on illegal open cast mining of coal when he was attacked by a group of people suspected to be involved with the coal mafia.Hazarika was seriously injured and his camera was snatched away. The attackers fled after the incident, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12349302", "title": "Gurgaon after dark is a nightmare", "text": "GURGAON: When the boomtime spirit of Silicon Valley settled in Gurgaon, it became corporate India's new address. Job avenues opened up, there was a real estate boom and the city was straddled with flyovers and dotted with malls. Gurgaon was hip and happening. But this didn't ensure security for its citizens. Gurgaon by dark remains a nightmare.Ask those returning home from work late at night. They may be pressing on the gas, but danger lurks in the shadows. There are criminals waiting in ambush on every street, ready to loot your car and leave you mugged and battered on a lonely alley.At least that was the scenario last year when carjacking was routine. Though police don't have separate record on carjacking since these crimes are covered under motor vehicle theft, officers admit auto-lifters continue to run amok at night. These gangs strike at will despite police claiming they have increased night patrolling. It's worse for those who don't have a car to reach home.So, if they land on the Gurgoan expressway or near the Metro station at night, they are stranded. Often people can be seen flailing at passing cars for a lift. But hitch-hiking is no fun. You can be mugged and dumped on the road a few kilometres away. \"People are beaten up, robbed and thrown out of the car at secluded places by criminals. The police are squarely to be blamed,\" said Gurgaon Bar Association president Kulbhushan Bhardwaj.At least 12 cases of carjacking and robberies were reported in the past one year. Though police have nabbed several criminals, carjackers continue to roam the streets, particularly at DLF-II , Bilaspur Chowk on NH-8 , Gurgaon Expressway, Faridabad Road and Golf Course Road. But police patrolling has not been intensified on these stretches.\"We must admit there has been major failure in policing . In an effective mechanism , police officers must sensitize their constables in these areas. There should be more focus on these zones and local cops should be made accountable. Holding weekly or monthly meeting of SHOs have not helped create a sense of security,\" said a senior police officer.People from within the rank say the priority for police should be to identify crime-prone areas and deploy cops to curb such incidents.\"If this is the standard for road safety, why can't we find the black spots to check crime? Had that been the practice, we would not have to wait for a gang rape to happen to deploy a group of women cops outside Sahara Mall on MG road,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12344539", "title": "Young agents of positive change", "text": "The period of youth is pivotal for human development. A critical period of perso-nal change, this is when you begin to consciously explore and apply your knowledge, values and beliefs about individual and collective life. You take on new responsibilities, becoming agents of change in your communities. Young, you are not victims in need of others to solve your problems. Rather, your age group represents a tremendous source of intellectual and social potential waiting to be developed and channelled towards socially constructive ends.The future will depend a great deal on the manner in which educational programmes and methods are designed to release your latent potential, preparing you for the world you are to inherit. The connection between education and individual and collective well-being is well established and it is imperative to focus on a particular dimension of education, namely education in service of commu-nity, which, in our experience, is central to the transformation of individual and community life.Forces that influence the intellectual and emotional development of a child are not confined to the classroom. Media, technology, family, peers, the wider community and other social institutions convey messages that may be reinforcing in some respects and contradictory in others, which could add to your confusion - about identity, moral purpose and social reality. As such, formal education needs to go beyond the exclusive aim of helping you to secure gainful employment. Educational processes need to assist you to recognise and express your potential while developing in you the capacity to contribute to the spiritual and material prosperity of communities.The concept of a twofold moral purpose - to develop your inherent potential and to contribute to a transformation of society - provides an important axis of the educational process. Many educational programmes perceive young people as mere receptacles of information. To challenge these trends, the Baha`i community endeavours to develop a culture which promotes an independent way of thinking, studying and acting, in which students see themselves as united by a desire to work for common good, supporting one another and advancing together, respectful of each one`s knowledge.Knowledge is the key if you wish to flourish. Access to knowledge is the right of every human being. The responsibility to generate new knowledge and apply it in socially beneficial ways rests on your shoulders. In the same way, the creation of an environment conducive to this process is a duty of every government. Without access to knowledge, your meaningful participation in community affairs is not possible. The primary focus of educational processes, then, must be to build capacity in young people like you to participate fully as protagonists of social progress.Inequities of girls' access to quality education must be addressed for this would have a 'multiplier effect'- it results in reduced chances of early marriage, greater likelihood of their informed and active role in family planning, reduced infant and maternal mortality, enhanced participation in social, economic and political decision-making and promotion of economic prosperity. The equality of men and women, boys and girls is a fundamental truth about human reality and not just a desirable condition to be achieved for the good of society.Contributed by the Baha'i Office of Public Affairs, India , on the occasion of Naw Ruz, the Baha'i New Year. Contact dea@ibnc.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349931", "title": "Comptroller and auditor general of India slams govt for forest policy delay", "text": "PORVORIM: The comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG) has pulled up the Goa government for dragging its feet in notifying the state forest policy-meant for sustainable management of forests-even five years after the national forest commission had recommended a policy for every state.In its report for the year ended March 31, 2011, CAG has found that while the management plan for one wildlife sanctuary was prepared, the same for the other wildlife sanctuaries and one national park were yet to be formulated.The audit also revealed there were delays in utilization of funds under centrally sponsored schemes meant for protection of forests, their conservation and development.The report was submitted to the Goa assembly at a time when the forest department was patting itself with the latest India state of forest report - 2011 which has shown an increase in tree and forest cover.The CAG report pointed out that the national forest commission in March 2006 recommended that each state should have its own forest policy within the broad parameters of the national forest policy, 1988, to address issues pertaining to conservation of natural forests, increasing sustainability of forest cover and social forestry programmes.The state forest department prepared a draft forest policy in May 2009, and in August 2009 constituted a committee to study the draft policy and give recommendations. Based on the suggestions, the draft policy was finalized and forwarded to the cabinet in March 2010 and was published in April 2011 in the official gazette inviting suggestions within 60 days. The final notification was yet to be notified, CAG noted.CAG also observed that the government failed to approve working plans of the forest department which are meant for scientific management of natural forest areas, though the plans were finalized by the department two years ago.As for the management plans, only the one for Cotigao wild life sanctuary was approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "dachepalli (guntur)", "code": "12348618", "title": "ACC plant reopening hopes brighten", "text": "DACHEPALLI (GUNTUR): Chances of reopening the Andhra Cement Company (ACC) plant at Dachepalli have brightened after the new management has agreed to clear 75% of the wage dues.Sources said Jaypee Group is preparing the final document to sign an agreement with the workers' unions in April. If everything goes well, the plant would be reopened in June. The plant was closed in October 2010 after the previous owner, Dunken Goenka Group of Kolkata, declared a lockout leaving workers and their families in the lurch.Jaypee Group paid Rs 300 crore to Goenka Group to pick up a majority stake in Andhra Cements in November last. Thanks to their association with Jaypee, Goenka Group could divest their stake in ACC, sources said. It is learnt that Jaypee may pump in another Rs 400 crore to upgrade the plant. The new management is willing to clear 75% of the wage dues in 4-5 installments and pay Rs 10,000 each as one-time bonus to the workers before formally launching operations. The Dachepalli plant has a production capacity of 1.5 million tonnes.The management offered to pay only 25% of the wage dues, which did not go down well with the workers who demanded 18 months' wage dues and an ex gratia as a precondition for reviving the plant. Deputy commissioner, labour, Eusuf Shaik, threatened to prosecute the management if it did not meet the workers' demands.Local MP Modugula Venugopala Reddy and legislator Y Srinivasa Rao of TDP too kicked up a big fuss, refusing to co-operate with the management unless it settled the row over wages. As per the labour department assessment, the management owed Rs 10 crore to the workers towards wages.Before declaring lockout, Goenka Group had initiated plans to upgrade the plant capacity to 3.5 lakh metric tonnes and secured a loan of Rs 400 crore from financial institutions two years ago. However, the group withdrew from the business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349236", "title": "Expected a storm? March was a breeze", "text": "BANGALORE: A sea of policemen, punctuated by an occasional black coat. The scene at the City Civil Court complex on Tuesday said it all.A massive police buildup of 5,000 personnel, including a platoon of Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF), ensured that lawyers' threatened protest to lay siege to Vidhana Soudha in defiance of ban orders, fizzled out.Contrary to the claim of Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) that 5,000 to 10,000 lawyers will take part in the protest, the turnout at the complex, from where the march was to commence, never crossed 1,000, police said.Tension prevailed for most part of the day, though. Armed to the teeth, the men in khaki stood outside the complex gates at 10am. The road to KR Circle was barricaded. Policemen were in the dark about when lawyers will start their march. The orders from the top were clear: arrest anyone who violates the ban order.Both sides were not leaving anything to chance, given the unsavoury events of March 2. Police personnel and advocates were seen wielding cameras and taking pictures to have \"all evidence in place\" in case things turned nasty.The men in khaki and black coats did not trade a word. Close to 1,000 lawyers gathered on the complex premises. A banner was tied to two parked buses. Through the day, a microphone fixed to an autorickshaw blared the speeches of lawyers seated on a makeshift stage.As the day wore on, murmurs were heard about lawyers hitting the road. The police strength in front of the complex only increased. Cops stationed near Vidhana Soudha were redeployed near the court premises.At 12.55pm, a convoy of home minister R Ashoka and law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar arrived. The ministers' car had moved only a few metres inside the compound when lawyers stopped it.Both ministers walked into the AAB office, where they met office-bearers. The netas emerged out of the complex at 1.30pm.Ashoka told mediapersons that they had asked AAB office-bearers to call off their strike and promised that action will be taken based on CID DGP RK Dutta's findings on the March 2 violence.Suresh Kumar said, \"For 14 days, there has been a lot of inconvenience to all. We have requested lawyers to disperse and withdraw their boycott.\"It was clear the storm had blown over, at least for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12348823", "title": "Short-staffed city cops struggle to curb felonies", "text": "COIMBATORE: While burglary and chain snatching incidents are on the rise, city police are unable to resolve many of these cases, as criminals continue to loom large on the horizon.Chain snatching cases have been reported mostly in RS Puram, while burglary cases have been reported in Saravanampatty police limits. Three burglary cases have not been solved in Saravanampatty and two chain snatching cases in RS Puram are yet to be solved. A chain snatching incident and burglary are yet to be solved in Kuniyamuthur and Singanallur police limits.City police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy had formed 15 special teams recently to curb illegal and criminal activities including illegal lottery, illicit liquor, gambling and prostitution. He warned police officers that he would come down hard on them if they failed to crackdown on the rampant illegal activities.Police officials seem to be busy conducting raids to curb illegal activities, neglecting their patrolling duties. \"Visible policing methods are very effective in curbing crime. If police engage in round-the-clock patrolling, chain snatching and burglaries will decline,\" said a senior police official who wished to remain anonymous.\"Police officials have failed to collect information on suspects. There is a shortage of staff in the crime police department. Officers are not motivated to achieve breakthroughs. Senior police officers should focus on high profile burglary and chain snatching cases, showing the way for the younger officers,\" he added.\"We cannot concentrate on multiple cases at the same time. However, our senior officers don't understand this. The police commissioner rebukes us for not being able to solve crimes. But we are short-staffed and over-burdened. While the city population has increased to 16 lakh, we have only 2,500 police personnel to protect them,\" said a police officer from the crime department.On January 2, a burglary case was reported at KRG Nagar near Ganapathy. J Alwin Francis, 34, a physical education teacher at a private school had gone with his family to Bangalore on December 23. He returned home on January 2, and saw 20 sovereigns of gold jewels and some silver articles missing from the house.On the same day, burglars broke into the house of Ashok Kumar , a software engineer, residing at Maniyakaran Palayam and decamped with 57 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs 52,000 in cash. The incident came to light when the software engineer and his wife returned home after celebrating the New Year at their ancestral home in Pollachi.On March 18, burglars broke open a house at Kumaran Nagar near Ganapathy, decamped with 40 sovereigns of gold ornaments. The house belonged to M Rangarajan (53), owner of a tea plantation in Nilgiris, who had gone with his family to the Murugan temple in Palani.On March 5, burglars decamped with 24 sovereigns of gold jewels from a house at Rajiv Gandhi Nagar.All the above cases are yet to be solved. When contacted, police commissioner Sundaramoorthy said that officers, including deputy commissioner (crime), are undergoing a training programme. \"We are doing the best we can to nab the culprits. We are facing severe man-power shortage which makes it very difficult for us to curb criminal activity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12348806", "title": "Siruthuli invites city residents to join in 'Walk for Water'", "text": "COIMBATORE: Siruthuli, an NGO, will join hands with the district administration and corporation to kick-start the cleaning process of all water bodies by clearing the debris and planting trees along the bunds. The first of the lakes that will be cleaned up will be Valankulam, which is most polluted as it is present in the centre of the city.In a press release, Siruthuli said it is inviting the residents of Coimbatore to be with it during the kick off function and a rally of 3km at 7am on Thursday starting from the corner of HDFC Bank on Tiruchi Road opposite St Francis Convent. The walk will end at the Sirthuli's office at 8.30am.\"The residents of Coimbatore have always been there with every initiative of Siruthuli and have helped to make it a success. We invite you to join hands with us in the 'Walk for water' on March 22 - World Water Day ,\" the NGO said in the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348451", "title": "Sewa shows the way to Kyrgyz women's group", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Hillary Clinton visited the city in 2009, so impressed was she with the catalystic role Sewa played in individual women's lives, that she termed it \"as one of the most effective women's organizations in the world\". And Sewa (Self Employed Women's Association) has now extended its efforts internationally by sharing its 'Manager ni School' - a unique programme to build up managerial capabilities in grass-root leaders with 15-odd women from Kyrgystan.This 10-day seminar, funded by the US department of state's office of global women's issues, concluded on Tuesday amidst the jovial women singing native songs and with Kyrgys savories they prepared for everyone as their goodbye gift.And as a token of appreciation, they also presented a traditional rug to the US Consulate General Peter Haas. Highlighting Sewa's success in promoting women's empowerment through entrepreneurship, Haas said, \"I am honoured to be here to celebrate the great work of the women business leaders from Kyrgystan and Sewa's record of accomplishment in promoting women as entrepreneurs, community leaders and agriculturalists.\" Being a part of a Kyrgys women's organization 'Kurak', the experience at Sewa has been important for these women. \"Kurak is a group consisting of women in business, law and those with experience in community working,\" said Altynoi Karasaeva, a member of the team. \"We are impressed to see the trust Sewa has earned from people and the government. An important lesson we have learnt is organization and how it helps step-by-step growth, from grassroots to the upper level.\"Karasaeva is a Kyrgys scientist researching on poverty reduction. She has so far visited various countries like Malayasia, Mongolia, Israel, and Spain to understand developmental modules. The others in the group have a background in animal husbandry, agriculture, weaving and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348888", "title": "Furnish details of judges\u2019 security: HC to UP govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the state government to furnish the details before it regarding the steps taken to provide security cover to the judges who delivered verdict in Ayodhya shrine title suits and the lawyers who represented Hindu parties. A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice DK Upadhyay further enquired from the state government, whether it took up any investigation into the information received about this threat perception. The court has posted the matter on March 22 for next hearing. The bench further directed its registry to intimate about the issue to Chief Justice Syed Rafat Alam and senior judge Justice Uma Nath Singh, so that the security committee of the court may look into the matter and take appropriate actions, if required.The order came of the petition filed by a local lawyer Ranjana Agnihotri, who was one of the lawyers, who had appeared before the special full bench comprising Justice SU Khan, Justice Sudhir Agarwal and Justice DV Sharma representing Hindu sides.The petitioner demanded security in view of the terror threat to her.She had placed a letter sent by deputy superintendent of police of Anti Terror Squad, Gwalior (MP) to the president of Oudh Bar Association on January 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349963", "title": "Goa's growth rate dropped, finds economic survey", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa economic survey, presented to the legislative assembly on Tuesday, notes that as per the advance estimates for 2010-11, the growth rate has dropped to 8.30%.In the chapter on \" macroeconomic perspective\", the survey notes that the growth rate over previous years in respect of gross state domestic product (GSDP) at constant (2004-05) prices depicts that the economy which grew at 10.02% in the beginning of the 11th Plan (2006-07), dropped to a growth rate of 5.54% in 2007-08 and in the subsequent two years, the growth of the state's economy stabilized at around 10%.As per the advance estimates of GSDP for 2010-11 at constant prices, primary sector registered a growth rate of -1.46%. This is attributed to the steep fall in the growth rate of mining and quarrying, which is one of the sub-sectors under the primary sector. The secondary sector registered an increase in its growth rate from 5.70% in 2008-09 to 8.77% in 2009-10. However, in 2010-11 its growth rate dropped to 6.80%. Tertiary sector which had a growth rate of 15.26% in 2008-09, witnessed a downward trend with a growth rate of 11.13% in 2009-10 and stood at 11.98% in 2010-11, the survey states.Sector-wise composition of GSDP at constant (2004-05) prices shows that the tertiary sector accounted for 50.51% of the GSDP followed by secondary sector with 38.20% and primary sector with 11.30%.In agriculture, the economic survey notes that contribution of agriculture to GSDP at constant (2004-05) prices, in 2010-11 is 3.15%. The negative growth of -10.38% under the agriculture sector in 2008-09, increased to 5.37% in 2009-10(Q). However in 2010-11, the growth rate dropped down to 1.54%, the survey states.In power, the survey notes that Goa has no power generation of its own and that power of about 454MW is obtained from neighbouring state grids. The power generated by the private sector in Goa is 36MW. The present peak demand requirement of Goa is of the order of 550MW. To meet the deficit, various short term and long term measures are taken up. During the year 2011-12, under this sector, the gross revenue likely to be generated is Rs 1000 crore, the survey projects.In health sector, the survey notes that the new district hospital at Mapusa was commissioned and the construction of the district hospital at Margao is in progress. The diabetes registry was also started in June 2011, the survey states.To cater to the increased tourist flow, the hotel bed capacity in Goa has gone up from 44,066 in March 2010 to 47,065 as on March 2011. In all, 2,17,810 foreign tourists and 10,87,848 domestic tourists visited Goa up to August 2011. The corresponding figures for the calendar year 2010 are 4,41,053 foreign tourists and 22,01,752 domestic tourists.Dwelling on industries, the high-powered coordination committee (HPCC) has approved proposals in respect of 21 units during the year 2011-12 (up to November 2011) with a total investment of Rs 1594.54 crore and an employment potential of 2504 persons, the survey states. It also states that the HPCC has collected a regularization fee amounting to Rs 1.55 lakh from 17 units towards registration/graduation/expansion or diversification of the large units and Rs 20 lakh from four units towards regularization during the year 2011-12, up to November 2011.Regarding the demography, the economic survey states that as per the provisional figures of the population census 2011, the population of the state stands at 14,57,723, registering decennial growth of 8.17%. The population growth rate in the state has dropped from 15.2% in 2001 to 8.17% in 2011, the lowest since liberation. After 1971, the population growth rate of Goa is on the decline. In 1971, the growth rate was 34.77% which declined to 26.74% in 1981 and further declined to 16.08% in 1991, the survey states.The literacy rate in Goa has moved up from 82.01% in 2001 to 87.40% as per 2011 census. Goa has surpassed the target of literacy rate of 85% set by the Planning Commission to be achieved by 2011-2012, according to the economic survey.Sex ratio in Goa as per 2011 census is 968 females per 1000 males, which is above the national average of 960. Further, the sex ratio in Goa has improved from 960 in 2001 census to 968 in 2011. However, the child sex ratio has declined from 938 in the last census to 920 as per the latest census. Even the proportion of child population in the age group of 0 to 6 years, to the total population has declined from 10.8% in 2001 to 9.6% in 2011, the survey states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349001", "title": "Rare Rs 40 crore idol stolen from Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: Two days after the theft of a Ganesha idol of Kalachuri era in Shahdol district, a rare 9th century idol of Sun god was stolen from a temple under the Archeological Survery of India (ASI) in Sagar district on Tuesday, triggering speculations that a gang looking for precious graven images is active in Madhya Pradesh. The idol is said to be worth around Rs 40 crore.Five unidentified miscreants brought a vehicle to cart out the idol and decamped with it, police said.The Sun god's idol, measuring 5.3 feet tall and 31 inch wide, estimated to be worth Rs 40 crore in the international market belonged to the erstwhile Pratihara dynasty, and it was one among the treasure trove of 140 precious graven images of Sun God in the country.Former ASI superintendent G L Raikwar has written a book on this magnificent Sun god's idol in a standing posture in Rehli tehsil of Sagar district - a part of the improvised Bundelkhand region, a historian said. \"This stone-carved idol by Pratihara dynasty is worth Rs 40 crore in the international market,\" Government Garha-Kota College principal Dr S M Pachouri told TOI.Madhya Pradesh has two other ancient idols of Sun god consecrated in Tikamgarh district, he added.The idol was stolen possibly an hour after Monday midnight, Sagar superintendent of police Pramod Verma said. The SP said a fisherman, who was around, saw five men from a long distance.He had passed on the vehicle number to the police, the SP said adding this was the only lead in the case. Verma said that the ASI watchman wasn't around when the theft took place. Prima-facie, it looks that an outside gang was involved in the theft, Verma said adding that such idol fetch good price in the international market. \"We have registered a case against five unknown persons,\" he added.Two days back, a Ganesha idol worth Rs 20 crore was stolen from Singhpur in Shahdol district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349593", "title": "Gold Sukh honchos lived life king size", "text": "JAIPUR: With Rs 80 crore in their pocket, the four main directors of Gold Sukh had a lot of cash to splurge and live life king sizeThe directors had a blast while using the money swindled from lakhs of investors as they stayed in 5-star to 7-star hotels costing around $ 1250 per month. They travelled business class and wore branded clothes and watches. The Jaipur police investigating the case said that the Gold Sukh directors had evenly distributed Rs 20 crore each and were having a real good time during their 'hide out' period.\"Initially, the directors, including Manvendra Singh , Pramod Sharma, Mahendra Nirwan and Narendra Singh along with their spouses moved to Bankok where they stayed at 7-star and 5-star villas. Later, they shifted to Hanoi in Vietnam where too they were residing in a villa with a rent of nearly $ 1250 to $ 1700,\" said Karan Sharma, additional deputy commissioner of police (ADCP) who is heading the investigations of the case.Sharma also added that five arrested directors who were from brought from Hanoi were planning to move to England. \"They had even got a fake passport to move to England but before they could do that they were nabbed by the Vietanam Police on Feburuary 4,\" he added.He added that the accused had various bank accounts in these countries and also lockers.Sharing an interesting story, Sharma, said, \"When our team raided their residences, it was revealed that Manvendra Pratap Singh had hidden nearly $32,000 in a jar containing laxatives.\"He added that the police have recovered nearly $29,400, E 32000, 600 gram gold jewellery, expensive mobile handsets (15), simcards (18), watches(3), pendrive and hard disks.Police added that these directors were also visiting the bars and the best of restaurants.According to the police, the directors had even attempted to bribe the Vietnam Police but none of their tricks worked well with the police. \"During their 3 month hideout period, the directors freaked out and were thoguht that they could be arrested,\" the officer added.Police said that with the arrest of five main directors of Gold Sukh Trade India limited, more money will now come out of their coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347636", "title": "Vaccine security tops health ministry's agenda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, vaccine security tops the Union health ministry's agenda.Buoyed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's push in his budget speech to ensure availability of life- saving vaccines at all times, the ministry is finalizing a Cabinet note on setting up of the Rs 594-crore integrated vaccine park near Chennai.First, the proposal will be sent to the finance ministry for its approval following which it will be placed before the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA).\"We expect to take the project proposal to the CCEA in next three weeks. Once approved, the park will be completed in 36 months,\" ministry officials said.The unit will have the capacity to produce 100 million doses each of pentavelent vaccine, measles vaccine, HIB and BCG, 140 million doses of Hepatitis B vaccine, 25 million doses of vaccine against Japanese Encephalitis and 20 million doses of anti-rabies vaccine.Spread over 100 acres at Chengalpattu, the park is expected not only to meet the country's needs of the six primary vaccines included under the Universal Immunization Programme (UIP) but also to produce several new-generation vaccines. The UIP targets 2.7 crore infants and 3 crore pregnant women every year, and is one of the largest in the world.A ministry official said, \"The department of expenditure was developing cold feet over the proposal. Now with Mr Mukherjee's push for the park, we expect to get a quick clearance. The park will ensure vaccine availability during an emergency, insulate vaccine prices from arbitrary escalation and reduce dependence on importing vaccines.\"Experts say being entirely in the public sector, the park will help bring down the price of vaccines. The Expanded Program for Immunization (EPI) in India was launched in 1978. However for almost two decades, UIP did not add any additional vaccine. However, since 2006, vaccines like Hepatitis B, second dose of measles and Japanese Encephalitis (JE) vaccine have been introduced.According to the ministry's National Vaccine Policy document, UIP and its core antigens have made a significant impact on the burden of diseases in the country and directly contributed to reducing child mortality.It says \"However, the regular production and supply of these vaccines, in a setting where majority of manufacturers are increasingly paying attention to the newer vaccines is a big challenge. There is limited production capacity of these vaccines in public sector units and the involvement of private sector manufacturers is required to ensure that supply of UIP vaccine is not threatened.\"It adds, \"India should be able to ensure quality, safety and efficacy of all vaccines that are either indigenously produced or imported for the use in the country. Achieving this requires a robust regulatory mechanism to be in place. Furthermore, the implementation of immunization program should be put in the perspective of broader goals of National Health Policy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12348976", "title": "Power discom hands hefty power bills to below poverty line families", "text": "INDORE: Electricity bills are giving unexpected shock to around 50 below poverty line (BPL) families of Sanjay Nagar in Sanwer Tehshil. Residents, who earn their livelihood by working as daily wagers, have reportedly received electricity bills for a month in a range between Rs 15,000 and Rs 30,000 each from MP Western Region Power Distribution Company (MPWRPDC).The power discom (MPWRPDC) has allegedly handed inflated bills to around 50 BPL card holders in the region, who were paying Rs 100 for usage of three months till January. The affected people are now running from pillar to post in order to get relief from burden of excess electricity bill.Ishwar Singh, a daily wage earner, said, \"I have got an electricity bill of Rs 30,309 for my connection. I don't have anything more than bulb and a fan as electric gadgets in my house.\"Antar Singh, a labourer, who has got an electricity bill of Rs 18,000, said that till last month, he was paying just Rs 100 once in three months. \"Now they are threatening me to pay the bill or else they will send me to jail,\" said Singh adding he was not in position to pay such a huge amount. But his requests to the electricity department fell on deaf ears.The power discom has not even spared the deceased while sending huge bills. Showing the death certificate of his son, Bharat Singh, another victim, said that his son died two years back and now the power discom sent them a bill of Rs 17,000 in the name of his son Jitendra. Interestingly Bharat received two bills - one in his name and another in the name of Jitendra.\"How they sent two electricity bills to one family that too one in the name of a member, who is not alive now,\" said Singh adding that they have approached everyone taking up their problem right from the electricity department to collector but to no avail.Sanwer MLA Tulsi Silwat said, \"Electricity department is doing injustice to the poor. Inflated bill is a major problem of the power discom.\" Silawat is now planning to raise the matter in the state assembly.However, superintendent engineer (operation &amp; maintenance) of MPWRPDC, Kailash Shiva, who is in-charge of Sanwer area, claims that it is matter of misprint and they have fixed it.\"Meter reading of the some of the consumers were wrong, which resulted in generating wrong bills. We have instructed to record the reading again,\" said Shiva adding that bills were a little more because now they are charging as per meter reading.He further said that department installed the meter to all single phase users in February and now they are charging accordingly. Earlier people were charged flat so the bills were less. Now it would be more, he said. BPL card holders get 25 units of free electricity. \"Now on we will take meter reading and deduct 25 units from BPL consumers and the rest will be charged,\" Shiva said.On sending bill to the deceased, Shiva said he would look into the matter.The power discom did not even spare the deceased while sending huge bills. Bharat Singh, a victim, said that his son died two years back and now the power discom has sent them a bill of Rs 17,000 in the name of his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12348280", "title": "Medical personnel attackers to get rough treatment", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Attack on medical personnel or on hospital premises is all set to be a non-bailable offense, inviting up to three years of imprisonment, or fine of Rs 50,000 or both.The state government will be introducing a Bill in the ongoing state assembly, which says that there has been \"sharp rise in violent attacks on medical personnel and hospital premises in Gujarat's hospitals, which leads to considerable hardship to ordinary patients. There is so far no law to curb such attacks.\"Suggesting that there is a need to \"protect both medical personnel, including the doctors and the staff by coming up with a strong law to curb violent attacks\", a statement of objectives attached with the proposed Bill says, \"There is a need to provide strictest possible provisions in the law in order to ensure that these do not take place again.\"The Bill is likely to be presented in the state assembly during the last three days of the current session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12347938", "title": "2 babus, General, Brigadier arrested in Adarsh scam", "text": "Mumbai: In a hectic day for investigations into the multi-crore Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society scam, a retired brigadier and two former bureaucrats were arrested by the CBI in Mumbai on Tuesday, while a retired major general was held in Hyderabad.The first arrests in the Adarsh scam included defence estates officer R C Thakur and Brig (Retd) M M Wanchu, both of whom were promoters of the society, and ex-deputy secretary of urban development P V Deshmukh. While they were held in the city, Maj Gen (Retd) A R Kumar, ex-general officer commanding (GOC), Maharashtra, Gujarat &amp; Goa Area, was arrested in Hyderabad. Sources said Maj Gen (Retd) Tej Krishan Kaul has agreed to present himself before the CBI soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348557", "title": "RTA official held in auto registration fraud case", "text": "HYDERABAD: An employee of the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the auto registration fraud.Central Crime Station (CCS) police arrested P Raghavender, a senior assistant working at RTA central office, Khairatabad.On February 19, Trimulgherry RTO Y Satyanarayana Rao lodged a complaint with the police alleging that one A Raji Reddy of RC Puram got several new auto-rickshaws registered through fraudulent methods.After preliminary probe, the police found that Raji Reddy, in collusion with RTA staff, managed to get 52 vehicles registered in his name by submitting genuine documents of only five of them.Whenever an old auto registered in the city is found not working, it would be condemned at the RTA junkyard, Nagole, and a proceeding order is issued. A new vehicle can be purchased and registered on the same old number.\"Reddy originally owned five autos, but in connivance with RTA staff managed to secure registration for 47 more vehicles in his name. Raghavender, who then used to work at RTA, Trimulgherry, facilitated registration of 17 autos,\" CCS inspector B Pratap Kumar said. Raghavender was arrested on Tuesday and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349300", "title": "New twist in Norway child custody case as father files for separation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Misfortune and uncertainty are dogging the two children - Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) - separated from their parents by Norway's Child Welfare Services. In a dramatic unravelling of the case, the children's father, Anurup Bhattacharya, has filed for legal separation from his wife, Sagarika. Not just that, he now wants the kids to remain in Norway and their uncle, who was to get their custody, no longer wants to be their guardian.The fast-paced developments took place after Anurup filed for separation, alleging he was being repeatedly beaten by his wife. Possibly fearing estrangement from her children, Sagarika is learned to have threatened to sue the uncle, Arunabhash Bhattacharya, if he were to take the children's custody and bring them to India. This made Arunabhash decline their guardianship.The scheduled March 23 hearing of the case at a court in Stavanger, Norway, has been put off. The children will remain in the care of CWS instead of being handed over to Arunabhash as per an agreement signed by the parents, uncle and CWS. Two diplomats, Banashri Bose Harrison and M Gandhi, who were supposed to be present in Stavanger for the custody hearing on Friday, are cancelling their travel.'Kids happier with foster parents'The entire case was upended this week with Anurup revealing the deep fissures in the marriage that caused the Norwegian government to take the steps it did in the first place. Anurup went to the extent of clearing child welfare services' name, deflected the blame to Sagarika and her \"severe psychological problems\".Even Arunabhas, the uncle , was quoted as saying that the children seemed happier with their foster parents (who are also Indians), while worrying that he may not be able to give the same support to them in Kolkata. Sources said the domestic condition of the Bhattacharyas was no secret to the Norwegian authorities. According to Gunnar Torensen, head of CWS, the parents have been under intensive counseling for months before the state intervened to put the children in foster care. In an interview earlier this month, Toresen described the children as seriously \"damaged\" , suffering from \"emotional detachment disorder\".The children were apparently subjected to violence or had witnessed severe violence at home. The Bhattacharyas had explained the traumatized condition of the children as a result of them being separated from their parents. The Norwegian government and the MEA, who had taken up the expenses for this case and frequent travels by the family and officials, will no longer do so. The new circumstances throw new light on the case, and make the vilification of Norway in the Indian media and public discourse unfair.It had been argued that Norway's skewed laws had allowed the children to be taken away from their biological parents. The Bhattacharyas had also said their children had been taken away because of cultural differences - such as, the fact that the children were fed by hand, or that they slept with their parents. This was greeted with shock and disgust in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12350974", "title": "Jazz band from Georgia wins hearts", "text": "GUWAHATI: A jazz band from Georgia, Tbilisi Big Band, enthralled hundreds of musical aficionados from the city on Monday at Shrdhanjali Kanan, a park located in the heart of the city. This was the first jazz concert to be held in the open air in the city.Led by Dinara 'Dini' Virsaladze, a noted jazz pianist from Tbilisi in Georgia, the musical soiree saw three other musicians accompanying the keyboard player. David Masteranov played the guitar, Nika Abashmadze played the drums and Levan Deisadze played the bass. The audience enjoyed the music played by the bass guitarist the most and Deisadze didn't fail to make the audience applaud in sheer ecstasy his dexterity on the bass guitar. The concert was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) in association with Guwahati Metropolitan Authority ( GMDA).The one-hour concert was attended by families, senior citizens and youngsters. The audience cheered the band by clapping and swaying to the music played by them. They even gave the group a standing ovation at the end of the concert.In her maiden India tour Dini Virsaladze said that she was captivated by the sights and sounds of the country. \"I am so grateful for this amazing response from the people. I will definitely think about returning to this country. This is my first time here and it is exotic and enthralling,\" said Virsaladze, who has also worked with Indian musician Amit Chatterjee at a concert held in Georgia early this year. She has been performing with the Tbilisi Big Band since 2003, and performs at the Tbilisi Conservatoire, Philharmony, Opera House, Rustaveli Theatre and other music hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12348328", "title": "Tech boost for land resurvey: Government", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government on Tuesday announced it would go ahead with the resurvey of land using modern technology in another 12 districts in the financial year 2012-13. The announcement came amidst sharp criticism from the opposition Congress that such resurvey work, so far being done in eight districts of the state, has been carried out in an \"extremely callous and roughshod manner.\"Speaking in the Gujarat state assembly, state revenue minister Anandiben Patel said, \"We began the digitized resurvey of land in 2009, and currently the work is on for Jamnagar, Patan, Gandhinagar , Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Kutch, Banaskantha, Vadodara, Surendranagar and Tapi districts. We plan to complete the resurvey work in 2015.\"Taking strong exception to the way the resurvey work is being done, senior Congress legislator Arjun Modhwadia said, \"There exists a tradition of resurvey since the Moghal days. The British did such a survey in 1895, creating a new mechanism to identify and provide land titles. In independent India, the work of resurvey began in 1951 and ended in 1958, when officials went around each plot of land and measured it, making verifications on the ground. While we are using modern technology, unfortunately a private agency is doing the job in Gujarat without caring to verify land titles of the farmers.\"Alleging major irregularities, Modhwadia said, the private agency is yet to complete even 50 per cent of the work, though it has been handed over 80 per cent of funds. He added, \"In Jamnagar, I was told the agency's men do not even care to verify land title details with farmers. In fact, there are cases when the farmers are forced to sign up papers of resurvey, even though they have serious doubts about their details. A complete inquiry should be carried out under a sitting High Court judge, as the method of full of flaws, and there is a danger of major quarrels in villages once the resurvey details are out.\"Patel, however, justified the resurvey and the plan to further intensify it by saying that anyone wanting to buy up land will be able to see details online, including the value of land as assessed by the government. \"A pre-printed notice is generated for any of the computerized details even now. We plan to extend the digitization of land titles to the urban areas\", she said, adding, \"A separate land document sans crop and irrigation details would be generated which would only include ownership details and liabilities, if any, and the type of land ownership.\" This would further help make land marketable.Modhwadia also alleged that the state government has handed over huge pieces of common grazing land to industrialists. He said, between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2010, 105.40 crore square metres of such land has been lost. Only in Kutch and Surat, 2.21 crore sq metres of land was handed over. \"Poorie Foundation was given 10 lakh sq metres of land in Gandhinagar, while Larsen and Tourbo another eight lakh sq metres of land. And the state government has charged just Re 1 as token rate to both. This at a time when the poor are not given any plots of land\", the opposition leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348869", "title": "Mulayam ki pathshala on personal conduct, discipline", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday convened an unusual emergency meeting of the party. It was in fact a crash course in personal conduct and discipline in public. The aim of the session was to send a clear message. \"Non-performance may be acceptable, but indiscipline will not be tolerated at any cost.\"What prompted the meeting was the Sunday evening incident in Jyotiba Phule Nagar, where supporters of newly sworn-in minister Mehbood Ali opened fire in the air to celebrate his homecoming.The two-and-half hour meeting saw 50-odd senior leaders and ministers attending it. It also saw a completely different face of an otherwise politically correct Mulayam Singh Yadav. The session started off with Mulayam's 30-minute monologue: \"Ek baat jo hum log bahut samay se kehte aa rahe hain. Humko apne acharan par niyantran karna hoga, warna yeh janta humko kabhi maaf nahi karegi\" (One thing that I have been saying since a long time. We will have to keep a check on our personal conduct, else the people will never forgive us).What followed next was a detailed description of dos and don'ts for the ministers and ensuring that their conduct does not come under public scanner for scrutiny. Exemplifying with real life instances that he had come across in his political career, Mulayam was clear that if the leader wants to keep a check on the behaviour of the party workers, he can do it and with ease.He said, \"When I became a minister for the first time and thereafter chief minister, there was not a single instance of party workers bursting fire crackers, what to talk of firing in air. It was because everyone knew that I will never approve of it. This is precisely how you people have to go about it.\" Mulayam then described in detail the damage that such incidents cause on party's image.By the time the session came to a close, Mulayam Singh announced the names of five supporters of Mehboob Ali who fired in air in Jyotiba Phule Nagar on Sunday evening and expelled them from the party for a minimum of six years. \"There have been instances, where workers from rival parties have joined our party, indulged in activities, which brought disrepute to our party,\" Mulayam said explaining the reason behind ban on new membership.In the words of a minister who attended the meetings, \"All through the session, Netaji (as Mulayam is referred to by party workers) sounded serious like never before. His message was terse and clear. 'Every leader will be directly responsible for any complaint of misconduct against any party worker of his region.' So it was everybody's responsibility to ensure that such incidents do not take place.\"It was not hard talking all the way. Mulayam also presented himself as a guardian and mentor to all those who wanted any help from him. \"If you have any problem within the party or with the administrative officers, tell us. We will ensure that your problems are taken care of. But, in no situation should you or your supporters take law in own hands,\" Mulayam said. Outlining the seriousness of the issue, SP supremo pointed out that every party worker and leader is under the scanner for more than 24 hours a day. One careless and wrong move of an individual will wash away all the efforts of the party to come out clean, which cannot be allowed.The first break in the meeting came after Mulayam switched over to the second topic on the agenda, \"Ensure that your presence is felt in the public domain at least within your own constituency throughout the year. This will not only make people feel that your are around, but also motivate you as well to take up their problems because every time you will face them, they will question you about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349775", "title": "Karikkakam temple festival from March 28", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Elaborate arrangements are underway in view of Karikkakam Devi temple festival which will begin from March 28. Kerala water authority will distribute five lakh litres of drinking water for the devotees free of cost.Three temporary bridges will be built across Parvathy puthanar. The construction of one of the bridges has already begun.There will be heavy police security throughout the festival days. Besides, CRPF will depute 100 jawans during the festival to ensure the security of devotees.The famous Karikkakam pongala will be held on April 3. It will begin at 10.30 am and will conclude with a 'tharpanam' at 2.30pm.A week-long festival will commence with a public convention on March 28.Actor Jayaram will inaugurate the cultural programmes organized in connection with the festival. Singer K S Chithra will be honoured on March 29 with an award instituted by the temple trust.The award comprises of citation, plaque and cash worth Rs 25,001. Transport minister V S Sivakumar will present the award to Chithra.A cultural convention will also be organized on March 29. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the convention.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb, sports minister K B Ganesh Kumar, M A Vahid MLA will be present on the occasion.Temple trust secretary S Anilkumar said that the trust will launch a host of initiatives like mass-wedding, education aid for poor children, constructing homes for the homeless as part of the festival.The festival will conclude on April 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nuzvid/hyderabad", "code": "12348611", "title": "Mangoes may cost a bomb", "text": "NUZVID/HYDERABAD: Mango, the king of fruits, could become dearer this summer. With the crop in about 40% of the nurseries in Nuzvid region having suffered damage due to adverse weather, the price of the fruit is likely to go through the roof. Consumers may be forced to shell out as much as Rs 200-250 to buy one kg of mango. The crop in Ranga Reddy and Medak districts is also hit because of late flowering.Farmers had been spending sleepless nights in the last three months to save the crop. The Nuzvid region supplies a major chunk of mango to the state. The 'Banginapalle' mango from Nuzvid is the most sought after in the local and international markets. According to the latest predictions, the crop yield would come down by at least 40%. While mango is being grown in 64.58 thousand hectares in Krishna district, the yield is expected to be around seven tonnes per hectare against last year's 8-10 tonnes.\"The heavy rains in January had severely damaged the crop. We could protect the flower in about 60% of the total area,\" a senior official of the horticulture department said. Farmers had to struggle to see that the flower survived the adverse weather. But despite their efforts, the flower was frail.\"The delayed flowering is worrisome. The only hope is that farmers could get a good price since the yield is expected to be very low,\" said horticulture officer S Ahmed. He said the yields are expected to be in two-three spells instead of one in normal conditions.Normally, the flowering stage ends by the second week of December and the fruit begins to grow by January. After most of the flowers were damaged in the January rains, it took time for second flowering. Janakiramaiah, owner of a mango nursery at Tiruvur, explained that extremely low temperatures during the nights in the winter had also caused irrecoverable loss.In RR district, mangoes usually hit the market in mid-February itself. But the harvest has already been delayed by one month. However, as a result of drought, dip in ground water and high labour costs, the stocks have not arrived in the market yet. Horticulture officials said the crop loss would definitely lead to a major jump in the fruit rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349908", "title": "No-trust move against Batim sarpanch", "text": "PANAJI: A no-confidence motion has been moved against the sarpanch of Batim, Francis D'Souza, by four members in the seven-member panchayat.D'Souza who was the sarpanch since the beginning of the term has been charged of malpractices, and, among other issues, of not implementing resolutions passed by the gram sabha. The no-confidence motion has been signed by Cruzinho Pereira, Deepali Kavlekar, Agnelo Ferrao and Luzinha da Cunha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12349999", "title": "City crossings to get facelift", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of Mahakumbh, to be held in the city early next year, preparations have begun to give facelift to all 20 major crossings. In this connection, a team of the National Road Construction Research Centre visited the city on Monday and conducted a survey of these areas.The team will prepare a design of the works to be undertaken by April and submit it to Allahabad Development Authority(ADA) which in turn would complete the entire project by September this year.Among the crossings earmarked for facelift include Subhash Crossing, Thornhill Road Crossing, Rambhawan Crossing, Yamuna Bank Road, Colvin Hospital Crossing, Medical College, high court crossing and others.The road dividers will be constructed within a distance of 50 metres from these crossings in order to regulate smooth movement of traffic. Besides, zebra crossings will be constructed alongwith road markers.An expenditure of Rs 7.27 crore will be incurred in executing the whole project which would be completed within a timeframe of six months, said chief engineer, ADA, Triloki Nath.He said while conducting the survey, the team will also take note of the vehicles passing through these crossings. Accordingly, traffic lights will be installed to maintain the flow of traffic on this route.An expenditure of Rs 7.27 crore will be incurred in executing the whole project which would be completed within a timeframe of six months, said chief engineer, ADA, Triloki Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12350900", "title": "Ulfa demands Rs 20 lakh from Chabua hospital", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The management of St Luke's Hospital in Chabua, which recently received an extortion note of Rs 20 lakh from Ulfa, has appealed to the outfit to withdraw its demand.At a press meet on Tuesday, the hospital authorities made it clear that being a charitable institution, the hospital was in no position to fulfill the demand of the outfit. St Luke's Hospital, situated 25 km from here, had received the demand note signed by Ulfa's acting finance secretary Jibon Moran on February 9.\"On November 18, 2011, I received a phone call from a person who said he was calling from the Ulfa headquarters. He demanded Rs 20 lakh for the outfit. Two days later, the demand was repeated on the phone. Finally, on February 9, an extortion note on Ulfa letterhead addressed in my name was sent to our hospital. The incident has come as a shock for us as ours is a charitable institution that has been selflessly rendering medical service for the poor and needy people for a very long time. We earnestly appeal to them to withdraw their demand,\" said St Luke's hospital chairman N Stephen Nag.St Luke's Hospital, Chabua, which is the first charitable medical centre of the region, was set up in 1923 by the Diocese of Assam (now Diocese of North East India). At the request of Reverend Packenham Walsh, the first Anglican Bishop of the Assam Diocese, the Society for Propagation of Gospel in London sent sister Helen RS Lawson to run the hospital. Since then, the hospital has been providing healthcare services to the people of the region.\"We provide medical assistance to about 6000 patients every month. Apart from that we render our services in villages and tea gardens,\" added Nag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348448", "title": "City students not keen on part-time summer jobs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The once popular trend of doing small summer jobs to earn some pocket money seems to be fading away as city students now prefer internships and courses that offer valuable experience over cash. Students in the city say that this summer its unpaid internships that are in huge demand as they consider them to be more beneficial in the long run. Courses for GRE, IELTS and other competitive exams are also among the top items in the list for students this summer.Contrary to popular belief, money is not what matters when it comes to spending the summer productively for youngsters. Harita Singh, a student of IBS said, \"I am currently doing a two-and-a-half month long unpaid internship at a well known company. It may sound like a lot of work for nothing in return but I am very happy as this experience would help in the long run. I got a chance to work in the department of my choice and I really don't mind working for free.\"Nehal Saraogi, another student going for an unpaid internship this summer, revealed that improving her skills and learning something new were of utmost importance to her, \"I don't even look at the money aspect in these things. I just want to grow and be independent,\" she said.Apart from joining unpaid internships, students are also joining NGOs to do their bit for society. Siddanti B, one such student from St Francis College said, \"I have been working with an NGO for the past one year and wish to devote more time to it this summer. Working with children and helping them learn something will make me feel much better than just doing a summer job.\"\"The trend of doing summer jobs for pocket money is diffusing as we feel that summer holidays are the best time to get involved in something that will help us build the much needed confidence before entering the professional world,\" said Ravi Kumar, a student of Bhavans Vivekananda Degree College. He added, \"Many of my friends and I are planning to join courses like SAP and other computer skills development programmes, personality development and managerial skills development courses that will add to our resumes. Summer jobs are usually done to replace someone on vacation and I feel they don't offer the experience that a course or an internship offers.\"Many students are even investing in their hobbies. Jasleen Kaur Marwa, a student of Villa Marie Degree College said, \"I am interested in choreography and I would be focusing on choreographing wedding performances or taking classes for children this summer.\"Another group of students from various city colleges has started a production company which will make short films and organise photography workshops. Shreyansh Dungarwal of St Mary's College, Yousufguda and a member of the production company said, \"We are investing our own money in this venture for no financial gain. But more importantly we will get to learn a lot from each other in the process. This is much better than just sitting in an office for a few hours for some cash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352229", "title": "Kya Yaaron gets \u2018Lucky\u2019!", "text": "Following the success of films that are set in the backdrop of the IT industry, Rabi and Siddhartha, graduates from IIT-Madras, have come out with their offering, Software Hardware... Kya Yaaron.Rabi says the film is a satirical take on the lives of techies during the recession period. The duo has already released a feature film earlier, Silicon Jungle, which was criticallyacclaimed.He says, \"This film deals with a group of IT guys whose lives change when recession strikes. We have focussed on how the equation between the friends change, but in a humourous way.\"Chennai-based Siddhartha, who's handling the camera for the film, says, \"We auditioned several actors before finalizing on the lead. We shot the film last year in Chennai and other places. There are three foreign actors - two Japanese and a Canadian - who play important roles in the film.Though the film will release in English, there will be a smattering of Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi, Hindi and other languages in it.\" He adds excitedly, \"One of our actors is a good friend of singer-composer Lucky Ali . He heard our story and was so impressed that he let us use his song, Yeh Zindagi..., from his recently-released album.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349156", "title": "Uncertainty prevails over daily water supply", "text": "BHOPAL: The water supply in the state capital is being held for ransom to party politics. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is unable to clarify whether it would be in a position to ensure daily water supply to the city or alternate day supply.Under pressure from the opposition, the BMC that decided for daily water supply in the city, after a gap of three years, is now coming to terms with reality as the water availability in the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir is unlikely to last till June end. Experts and residents have already written to the corporation opposing the decision and questioning its rationale and timing. The Mayor had last month announced that the BMC would revert back to the alternate day water supply in the city, but the opposition councilors in the municipal corporation say the mayor cannot roll back the decision without taking it to the council. A confused municipal corporation has now left the issue to the state government.The civic body started daily water supply in February second week this year, but technical problems have hit the supply as majority of the colonies are not being benefitted by it.Mayor Krishna Gaur was not available for comments on Tuesday while the commissioner BMC Rajneesh Shrivastava said everything depended on the state government, now.\"It was on the order of the government that we commenced daily water supply in the city,\" BMC commissioner said. \"however, if the government orders to change the daily water supply to alternate day supply till April 15, them we can revert back to the original, otherwise the situation remains the same,\" he added.However, Congress corporator and spokesperson of the party in municipal council Girish Sharma termed it a politics played by the mayor. \"She can't revert the decision taken by the Council on her own; if she wants she has to go through the Council.\"However, a senior municipal corporation official admitted, \"water stored in the Upper lake is not sufficient to last till the monsoon arrives in the June last week\".\"Looking at the present scenario of water available in the resources, it seems difficult that the water will be sufficient for the summers if daily water supply continues,\" he said adding, \"If the rainfall this monsoon is very low, the city will be facing major water crises.\"Bhopalites are having an access to almost 64 mgd water from these three sources : Kolar is providing around 34 mgd, 20 mgd is coming from the upper lake and 10 mgd from the Narmada.Presently, the Kolar dam has around 14.30 million cubic meters (mcm) water while its full capacity is 270 mcm. The dead storage of this dam is 5 mcm. Moreover, the upper lake has only 1660 million cubic feet (mcft) while its full capacity is about 1666 mcft. The dead storage of upper lake is 1652 mcft.Under pressure from the opposition, the civic body is now coming to terms with reality as the water availability in the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir is unlikely to last till June end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348321", "title": "CM runs up Rs 10.10 lakh phone bill in 3 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister and the ministers of the state cabinet have run up a bill of Rs 1.17 crore on their office and residence telephones during the past three years.The government revealed that information in reply to a question of Congress's Babra MLA, Bhavku Unghad.The reply stated that the bills of chief minister Narendra Modi amounted to Rs 10.10 lakh. Of this, the bill of the BSNL phone at his residence was Rs 8.02 lakh.Revenue minister Anandiben Patel's bills totaled Rs 3.31 lakh, of which Rs 1.56 lakh was registered by her office phone.Interestingly, the telephone bill of minister of state for education Jaysinh Chauhan was just Rs 54,614. Minister of state for home Praful Patel and minister of state for law and parliamentary affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja have not claimed their residential telephone bills.The Congress leaders said that the data pertained to just BSNL bills.Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said that another question asked last week had revealed that Modi had used private chartered planes five times in 2003 at the cost of more than Rs1.25 crore. Modhwadi said in 2004, the number increased to 16 at the cost of Rs 3.59 crore; in 2005, he used private planes 21 times at the cost of Rs 3.48 crore. He said the number went up to 24 times at the cost of Rs 4.99 crore in 2006; in 2007 and 2008, the numbers of air trips by the CM in private planes were 34 and 42 respectively at the cost of Rs 3.23 crore and Rs 3.2 crore.The phone bills of CM and his cabinet ministers amounted to Rs 1.17 crore. The bills cover residential and official phones. The Congress is fuming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349149", "title": "\u2018Bihar\u2019s share of power diverted to AP, Assam\u2019", "text": "PATNA: The unallocated power of eastern grid of central power plant meant for the five states in eastern region is being diverted to Hyderabad and Guwahati. The plant's stalled capacity is 4940MW, of which 15% is unallocated and reserved for Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Sikkim for emergency requirements.As per the rules, unallocated power could not be diverted to states which are in a position to sell electricity so the states like West Bengal, Odisha and Sikkim would not be given power from this head and only Bihar and Jharkhand have their claim over it. But, of the 741 MW unallocated power, Bihar is getting only 256 MW and Jharkhand only 140MW, while the remaining 345 MW is being diverted elsewhere illegally, former chairman of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh electricity boards Rajib Ranjan alleged on Tuesday.\"This 345MW power should have been given to power-starved Bihar,\" said Ranjan, a JD (U) MLA. He alleged that 150MW was diverted to southern grid and 194MW to north eastern grid. The unallocated power cannot be diverted from one grid to another, he said, adding ironically, the southern grid already has 1083MW unallocated power.Praising the efforts of the Nitish Kumar-led government, he said Centre is continuously ignoring the rights and interests of the state as a result of which no new power plant could be set up and Bihar could not achieve the required pace of development due to power scarcity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350057", "title": "Lake silt being dumped in nullah", "text": "NAGPUR: If you live in south Nagpur, watch out for water logging this monsoon. The huge amount of silt excavated from Sonegaon lake and being dumped along side Swawlambi Nagar nullah that starts from Hingna and runs along Narendra Nagar Ring Road is all set to choke it. The effect may show during monsoon when nullah could breach its banks. The nullah receives water from all major residential areas in south Nagpur.As part of rejuvenation of Sonegaon lake, NMC has restarted desilting work. The civic body received Rs 3.24 crore for Sonegaon. The contractor assigned the desilting work is reportedly dumping the silt or debris from the lake along the nullah which runs close by. It is being done during night hours, alleged residents. Residents of Swawlambi Nagar have decided to raise the issue with Nagpur Municipal Corporation. They pointed out that already with encroachments around Sonegaon lake, every monsoon they faced flood like situation.\"Memories of last monsoon's flooding are still fresh in parts of city abutting the nullah and with construction waste from Narendra Nagar flyover still clogging the drain, fears of another waterlogged season are rife,\" resident of Swawlambi Nagar Dr Shrikant Paranjape said.The dumping of silt has also created hygiene and sanitation problem in the locality. \"It stinks throughout the day. Residents in the vicinity can't even sit in courtyards,\" rued Sheela Joshi, another resident. It has also become a major mosquito breeding site, she added.When the water level rises during rainfall, residents fear, the nullah will overflow into Swawlambi Nagar. \"Until last year, the colony was waterlogged with foot-deep water after light rain. The silt from the lake has almost choked the nullah. This year, if the situation remains the same, we will have to shift from this place to another locality, they claimed.Besides Swawlambi Nagar, localities like Shastri Nagar, Sahakar Nagar and Jai Prakash Nagar will also be affected. According to residents, the flow in the nullah has to be restored before the monsoon, or else it will lead to a big problem. If not cleared in time, it will result in back flow of the sewage.Deputy engineer (in-charge of NMC's rejuvenation project for Sonegaon lake) Mohammed Israil refused to comment stating he was busy inspecting sites. Assistant municipal commissioner (Laxmi Nagar zone) S M Jaidev said that if true, it was illegal. He assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348902", "title": "Kidney transplant: Govt hospital hits 1,000 mark", "text": "CHENNAI: For several days, 23-year-old Shanmugam (name changed) spent time in intensive care unit of the Government General Hospital undergoing dialysis. On Tuesday, he underwent a renal transplant - a gift from his mother- and doctors say he is recovering well. With that, the hospital crossed a milestone -- the 1,000th kidney transplant.\"One thousand is a lot to celebrate,\" said hospital dean Dr V Kanakasabai. \"All these transplants were done free of cost for patients, most of whom are poor,\" he said. He congratulated the doctors and paramedical staff in the transplant team, which had done 909 live-related transplants and 91 cadaver organ transplants. Transplant teams posted pictures and messages on Facebook.GH has the largest, active organ transplant programme in the state's public sector. The doctors haven't followed up on all the patients, but they say many of them continue to visit them for follow-up treatment and free drugs. At the GH alone, more than 300 patients come every month to collect drugs; many others are directed to district headquarters hospitals and medical college hospitals in their districts.On Tuesday, when urologist Dr R Jayaraman and his team walked out of the operation theatre, many were reminded of the day former nephrologist Dr M A Muthu Sethupathi did the first renal transplant in the hospital along with transplant surgeons Dr Chinnasamy and Dr Ashok Kumar in July 1987. That day too, the patient was a 16-year-old boy, who received a kidney from his mother. Dr Muthu Sethupathi who was doing renal transplants in Government Royapettah Hospital since 1982 was transferred to GH in 1987. He retired in 2000. But even today, many of his patients visit the hospital for follow-up and free medicines. \"Many things have changed since then. Patients today are better informed. More importantly they get free drugs,\" said Dr Muthu Sethupathi. Until recently, transplants were done free of cost, but patients had to spend Rs 10,000 a month on immunosuppressant drugs, which they have to take lifelong post transplant to avoid transplant failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347845", "title": "Sri Lanka seeks rethink; India stands ground on UN resolution", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, India directly told Sri Lanka on Tuesday that it will go by domestic opinion in voting at the UN Human Rights Council on the US-initiated resolution even as the island nation sought a review of India's decision as expressed by PM Manmohan Singh in Parliament.Citing \"strong sentiments\" expressed in Parliament in favour of the resolution, foreign minister S M Krishna told his Sri Lankan counterpart G Peiris in a telephonic conversation that India could not ignore the views held by several MPs over the issue.Peiris called Krishna on Tuesday saying India should not vote in favour of the resolution because of its \"cordial and strong\" relations with Colombo. According to official sources, he also said that Sri Lanka was facing a tough situation because of the resolution and that any decision by India to vote against it would prove divisive.\"Foreign minister agreed that the two countries enjoyed exemplary ties but at the same time, reiterated the views expressed by PM Manmohan Singh in Parliament,\" an official source said, adding that Peiris also promised fair investigations into alleged war crimes.Krishna asked Peiris to look into the recommendations made by the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission report. The resolution against Sri Lanka at the Council seeks implementation of the report.Peiris's call to Krishna came after the PM's statement on Monday, amid pressure from coalition ally DMK, that India was inclined to vote for the resolution if it helped give the Tamils in Sri Lanka equality, justice and self-respect.He added that India has stressed on reconciliation and healing of the wounds of the Lanka Tamils. \"We have asked Lanka govt to stress on meaningful devolution of power,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348461", "title": "Opposition brings govt to its knees", "text": "HYDERABAD: A united opposition on Tuesday forced the state government to concede to a debate in the Assembly for discussing the controversial 26 GOs and the role of tainted ministers who were issued notices by the Supreme Court in a case relating to the amassing of illegal wealth by Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy.It took more than four hours of intense debate and two business advisory meetings for the opposition to arrive at a consensus and finalize March 28 as the day to discuss the controversial 26 GOs and the role of tainted ministers. The decision ends a six-day stalemate in the Assembly, where opposition members have stalled the proceedings insisting for the dismissal of all tainted ministers.Earlier in the day, a united opposition led by Congress' political ally, MIM, took the government to task for not coming forward to discuss the issue of tainted ministers and their role in issuing controversial orders. Finding itself in a spot, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu took objection to the opposition's demand and pointed to ongoing CBI investigation into the case. \"The CBI will soon file a chargesheet. They are investigating whether there is a mala fide or ulterior motive in issuing the 26 GOs in question. But, members must realize that the matter is sub judice,\" he said.The government however eased its stance and pushed the ball in to speaker N Manohar's court saying they would abide by his directive on the matter. \"We are always ready for a debate,\" Reddy said.Majlis floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi lashed out at the government saying it was sad that the state has been reduced to 'scam pradesh' with a new scam coming to light every other day. \"Corruption has reached unprecedented levels. Never in the history of the state have six ministers and eight IAS officers issued notices by the Supreme Court in a corruption-related case,\" he said.In the evening, unprecedented scenes were witnessed in the Assembly with the entire opposition boycotting the proceedings, accusing the government of stifling their voices and bulldozing their way to pass bills of public importance without a discussion. Members of Telugu Desam, MIM, TRS, CPM, CPI, BJP and Lok Satta walked out of the assembly in a huff taking strong objection to the conduct of the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12347714", "title": "C M Ramesh hid criminal case in RS affidavit: Ex-aide", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a development that may threaten to come in the way of TDP candidate C M Ramesh's election to the Rajya Sabha, a former business partner of his has alleged that a criminal case is pending against Ramesh in the Amberpet police station and that he has 'wilfully' not declared it in his election affidavit.P Seshaiah Nayudu, the former business partner of Ramesh, submitted a memorandum to this effect to chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal here on Tuesday. \"Ramesh misrepresented himself as a franchise representing Engineering Projects (India) Ltd, a Government of India enterprise, with no legitimate authority. It is also a fact that Ramesh has taken away Rs 4.7 crore as mobilization advance on account of a contract relating to package No 33 of Handri Niva Sujala project without performing 'nil' obligation while we did perform the project work in the status of sub-contractor. This act is worse than swindling/pocketing public money,\" the memorandum said.Nayudu's prayer to the election commission was that \"In view of the facts mentioned above and to arrest the entry of individuals with criminal attitude who do not deserve such a high position, we pray your good selves to reject his nomination since he tried to hide facts while filing his affidavit under oath.\" Ramesh filed his RS nomination on Monday and the same was scrutinized on Tuesday. Wednesday is the last date for withdrawal of nominations.Nayudu moved the court of the IVth additional chief metropolitan magistrate at Nampally in Hyderabad, on November 17, 2011, seeking action against Ramesh on the above mentioned charges.The court in turn directed the Amberpet police station to investigate and report the charges and submit a report by January 31, 2012. The Amberpet cops registered an FIR on December 23, 2011, and booked cases against S P S Bakshi, a businessman, Dilip Reddy, chief manager of SBI, Tany Kumar, DGM of SBI, CM Ramesh, director of Rithwik Projects Ltd, Yadava Reddy, managing partner, Ravinder Rao, businessman, and M Srilatha, wife of Ravinder Rao. They were booked under IPC sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 341 (wrongful restraint), 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 409 (criminal breach of trust), 418 (cheating a person whose interests the offender was bound to protect), 447 (criminal trespass), and Cr PC's 156 (3) (police officer's power to investigate a cognizable case). According to police sources, the Amberpet cops could not submit their report to the court by the given deadline of January 31 and sought some more time to complete their investigations.In his nomination papers and affidavit filed before the Assembly secretary, CM Ramesh said he is not facing any criminal cases nor he has any criminal record in the past. When contacted, Ramesh told TOI: \"I am not aware of the case. How can I be responsible for a case for which I did not receive any notices.\" But legal experts say any candidate who hides facts about his assets, liabilities and pending criminal cases can face action from the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12348394", "title": "FIR against 26 Maoists in kidnapping case", "text": "Berhampur: Police registered cases at Daringibadi police station in Kandhamal district against Maoist leaders Sunil and Manoj along with 24 others on Tuesday in connection with the abduction of the two Italian nationals and two Odia youths on March 14 last from a jungle on Ganjam-Kandhamal border.The cases were registered under sections of Unlawful Activity Prevention Act, Arms Act and Criminal Law Amendment, against the Maoists based on the complaint lodged by Santosh Kumar Moharana (28), who was released by Maoists after three days of captivity, police said.Moharana and Kartika Parida, who were working with Bosusco Paolo, one of the kidnapped Italians, were released on Saturday night. Another Italian abducted by the rebels was identified as Claudio Colangelo.After reaching Puri, Moharana lodged a complaint with Sea Beach police station in Puri, which was forwarded by Puri police to Kandhamal police to formally register as FIR. \"We have registered cases based on the FIR lodged by Moharana,\" said Kandhamal SP J N Pankaj.Narrating the episode in the FIR, Moharana said all four of them reached Daringibadi on March 12 for a four-day trekking trip. After a night halt at a church at Gada Pakhal, they went to the forest on March 14. They walked for about one-and-a-half hours in the jungle and then took a bath in a river. Thereafter when they were preparing to cook food, at least eight armed persons asked them to lie face down at gun point. The quartet complied and the rebels tied their hands and blindfolded them. They were then made to walk for several hours in the jungle after which the Maoists quizzed them about their identity. Moharana added in the FIR they were not harmed in any way while in rebel captivity.Mohanran said in his FIR they were accompanied by two old and weak persons, who guided them out of Daringibadi on the way back from Maoist captivity. He said the Maoists had given them two CDs, instructing to be handed over to two Bhubaneswar-based journalists after reached the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348401", "title": "Italian hostage crisis sparks mass tourist cancellations in state", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Panic gripped Odisha's fledgling tourism industry following mass cancellations of visit to the state in the backdrop of the Italian hostage crisis.Tour operators said they received a spate of communications from their counterparts in other states and abroad cancelling, in particular, package tours, most of which were scheduled for the last week of March and next month. \"I had at least four package tours planned in the coming weeks. All have been cancelled. A major tour operator from Italy promoting a regular series of tours to Odisha has cancelled five bookings till October. The operator is now thinking of diverting the tourists to other states in the country,\" said Benjamin, a city-based tour operator. \"Many visitors have expressed their concern on the situation and are thinking of cancelling their program to Odisha,\" he pointed out. Yugabrat Kar, a tour operator in Puri, echoed similar woes.Maoists kidnapped four people on March 14 from a jungle on Kandhamal-Ganjam border, including two Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, both of whom remain untraceable.Benjamin said 'Foreign and Commonwealth office', a London-based organization that reviews situations in other countries and issues advisories to prospective tourists, has 'advised against all travel to specific regions of India and against all but essential travel to other specific regions of India'. \"There is a high threat from terrorism throughout India. Terrorists have targeted places in the past which Westerners are known to visit, including public places such as restaurants, hotels , railway stations, markets, places of worship and sporting venues,\" Benjamin quoted the advisory note as saying. \"Violent extremist groups are also active in rural areas of Bihar , Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , West Bengal and Odisha. Two Italian tourists were reportedly abducted by a group of Maoists from Daringbadi area of Kandhamal district, in Orissa on 14 March 2012. Foreign visitors have not previously been targeted by Maoists. The Orissa government has recently imposed severe restrictions on the movement of tourists, especially foreign tourists, inside areas inhabited by tribes people,\" the advisory added.Tour operators felt the state government since the incident has not shown much sincerity in facilitating quick release of the two Italians. \"It is nearly a week. There is no visible effort made so far for defusing the situation,\" said a tour operator. He said after the government put restrictions on foreigners' visit to tribal areas recently, affecting tourist to a great extent, the kidnapping of the Italians has added salt to the injury.Adding to the atmosphere of fear among visitors is the specific demand of Maoists asking the government to ban tourists' visit to tribal areas as the first step for release of the two Italians. Tour operators admitted they feared the extremists might attack tourists and would not hesitate to kidnap them in case they took them there. \"The situation has been so complicated that it has become impossible for tourism to survive in the state, a trade that had been generating handsome income for locals,\" said a tour operator. As per official reports, Odisha receives around 60,000 foreign tourists every year, nearly 5,000 of whom visit tribal areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348836", "title": "Union Public Service Commission gets new nodal counsel", "text": "CHENNAI: Advocate P Chandrasekaran has been appointed nodal counsel for the Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC) in the Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT). Deputy secretary Rashmi Sinha passed an order on this issue last week.Chandrasekaran, who is at present senior panel counsel for the Central government, will represent the Centre in service matters involving all India service officers in IAS, IPS, IFS and IRS, besides service and allied matters concerning some category of officers in the Union territory of Puducherry.Chandrasekaran has more than 25 years of experience and has represented the Dental Council of India and hundreds of schools, colleges, nationalized banks as well as primary cooperative banks, besides the Airport Authority of India and the FCI before the high court and Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350125", "title": "CM asks officials to 'consider' a government engineering college in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan last Friday asked the principal secretaries of higher and technical education, planning and finance departments to \"consider\" the demand of a government engineering college in Nagpur University area. TOI on February 10 had reported quoting joint director of technical education for Nagpur region Gulab Thakre that Nagpur University would be devoid of a government engineering college after formation of Gondwana University.State EGS minister Nitin Raut who was earlier following this demand, took up the issue with Chavan again after the TOI report and apprised him of need of such an institution in the city for benefit of poor students. Raut, who represents North Nagpur constituency, explained to CM that the government engineering college in Chandrapur, currently affiliated with Nagpur University, would be transferred to Gondwana University from forthcoming academic session (2012-13). He pointed out that government polytechnic (GP) in Nagpur's Sadar area had 22 acres land where government-run engineering college could be set up.He cited instances of Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (formerly VRCE) and even Government Chitrakala Mahavidyala that initially commenced functioning at polytechnic premises. The EGS minister lamented that Nagpur being second capital of state and one of the fastest emerging cities didn't have a government engineering college that can impart education at subsidized rates.He said NU was already having 58 engineering colleges, one of the highest in country, but all except Chandrapur college, Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) and National Power Training Institute (NPTI) wee privately owned. The latter two offered specialized courses in chemical and power engineering respectively, which left students with no option but to join private colleges that charge exorbitant fees.Citing government's policy of having one government engineering college in every university area, Raut requested the CM to make an announcement in this regard during presentation of budget by the deputy CM Ajit Pawar in state assembly. TOI, while quoting Thakre, had reported that he had already dispatched a proposal to the directorate of technical education (DTE), Mumbai. Even NU registrar Mahesh Yenkie backed the move stating currently only LIT offered courses at concessional fees of 25,000.Earlier, NU had VRCE under its jurisdiction but it became a deemed university in 2002 on being upgraded into a NIT. Till 1983, Government Engineering College in Amravati was under NU, but naturally went to Amravati University after latter's formation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349574", "title": "Venue facelift for Tagore anniversary", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Commemoration of 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore has done the city some good. For after years of neglect, one of the city's oldest auditoriums, the Rabindra Manch is finally getting a makeover.\"The project to restore the Rabindra Manch was started as part of the Tagore centenary celebrations. Based on the Detailed Project Report (DPR) we are expecting a funding of Rs 14.23 crore from the government of India. The project is on a 60:40 ratio basis wherein 40% cost would be chipped in by the state and the central government's total project cost could go up to 15 crore. Rajasthan has a rich tradition of art and culture and numerous local artists who are looking forward to the completion of the project,\" said Neetu Rajeshwar, manager, Rabindra Manch.The facility would be developed into a full-fledged cultural centre. The project that commenced in November last year with an amount of Rs 17.5 lakh released in the first phase is almost halfway through. As part of renovation and modernisation of the existing auditoria all over India and the setting up of new Tagore complexes (Parisars), with aesthetic design and multiple facilities, the air-cooling system would be replaced with air-conditioners, the stages as well as floors would be renovated.\"Only after a visit and approval of the work by the members of the National Appraisal Committee, Sanjana Kapoor, director, Prithvi Theaters, Mumbai and Nissar Allana, director, Theatre &amp; Television Associates, Delhi, and approval of the final DPR that the remaining work of building a cafeteria and other facilities would be undertaken,\" Neetu said.So far, the 711-seat auditorium was largely hired only by schools for their annual functions or by associated institutions for theatre.\"In order to celebrate and commemorate this anniversary year in a befitting manner in India and overseas, a National Committee (NC) was constituted by the Government of India two years back with the mandate to frame policies and lay down guidelines for the commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore,\" said a source.The high-level committee is headed by the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh along with Sonia Gandhi, Jawahar Sircar, secretary, ministry of culture, S M Krishna, Pranab Mukerjee, Ambika Soni, Dr Karan Singh and other prominent names.\"The GoI intended to use the occasion to rekindle interest in the life and works of Tagore. If 2010-11 was for preparatory activities, the main commemoration year was to be after his 150th birth anniversary in May 2011, i.e., in the year 2011-12. The central committee has approved that the celebrations which began on May 7, 2010 will continue till the end of 2011-12,\" revealed a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349268", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya students demand to change exam schedule", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of students enrolled for pursuing Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) and Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) programmes in Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) protested before the vice-chancellor's office to press for their demand to make minor changes in examination timetable of 3rd semester ATKT and 5th semester main examination, which are scheduled to be held between March 26 and April 6.The varsity officials in order to comply higher education circular for timely conduct of examination had announced the timetable recently but the announcement saw strong opposition from students as there was no gap in between ATKT and the main examination.On Tuesday, the aggrieved students along with student union organization activists' protested before the vice-chancellor's office to make changes in the time table so that results of students do not get affected due to tight schedule.Javed Khan, district general secretary of NSUI, said, \"Examination with almost no gaps would have affected the results of students.So we had approached the vice-chancellor to make some changes so that students could have appeared in the examination without jitters.\"Accepting the request of the students, vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal agreed to demands of students and provided necessary relaxation in the timetable. Dr Rajkamal said, \"We have to meet the deadline to conduct examination on time. But, seeing the problems of the students we have given relief. New dates will be intimated in coming days.\"On Monday, students had approached vice chancellor demanding to make changes in time table, which he declined to accept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350120", "title": "Radiologists move HC against restrictions under Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques Act", "text": "NAGPUR: Radiologists have moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court against the government's recent restrictions on them, including a ban on consulting at more than two places and hike in registration charges of ultrasound machines.In January, the central advisory board that regulates provisions of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act had announced these restrictions, to the disapproval of radiologists. The board has restricted radiologists from visiting more than two places and increased the registration fees for ultrasound machines almost ten times. There have also been instances of doctors being arrested and their machines being sealed for some mistake in paper work, which the petitioners find appalling.\"The initial hearing has already taken place. Notices have been issued to the respondents, including secretary of ministry of health and family welfare of Maharashtra government, municipal commissioner of Nagpur and the health officer (medical) of Nagpur Municipal Corporation,\" said Dr Kajal Mitra, president of Vidarbha Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA). The radiologists claim these restrictions violate Articles 14 and 19(1)(G) of the Indian Constitution.Different civic bodies also have different provisions under the same act, compounding confusion, said Dr Kishor Taori, past president of IRIA and professor and head of radio-diagnosis of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). \"It is not logical to put sonologists under PCPNDT Act. In fact, 80% of the times radiology is used for diagnosis of diseases in critical care. Also, some of us are blackmailed by civic staffers,\" he said.Dr Taori added that he had taken up the matter in a state-level meeting earlier this week. \"The meeting discussed difficulties in implementation of the act with state health minister Suresh Shetty,\" he said.State president of Indian Medical Association Dr Milind Naik said they suggested reduction of paper work for doctors and inclusion of In-Vitro Fertilisation (IVF) centres under the act.\"Many machines were sealed without notice because of faulty paperwork by doctors. Amendments in the act in 2003 said the civic authorities should inform Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) about the charges against a doctor while the case is admitted into court. Most civic bodies, however, refuse to do so,\" he said. The MMC can suspend the license of the suspect, which could act as a deterrent for others.Dr Naik also said that IVF centres can help people in sex selection even before conception by choosing sperms with Y-chromosome. \"There is no framework to deal with such offences,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348445", "title": "Storm makes Ahmedabad Gardabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jehangir, son of Akbar, visited Ahmedabad in 1617. He did not like the place and called it Gardabad, the city of dust.On Tuesday, the citizens almost empathized with the Mughul ruler. They woke up expecting blazing sun but found a thick blanket of dust in the sky eclipsing the sun and affecting visibility. Weather became a hot topic of discussion as people mulled over what exactly was happening in the atmosphere to create such dusty weather.Weather officials said that the dirty sky was result of dust particles suspended in the atmosphere over Gujarat region which had come blowing all the way from Rajasthan. With the ongoing western disturbance passing over Pakistan and Rajasthan, the squall hit the neighboring state's north-west with dust raising winds of 40 km per hour.\"Rajasthan is experiencing dust storms all over. Since the winds are north-westerly, the winds bore dust to Gujarat. The haze witnessed all over Gujarat is due to these dust particles suspended in the atmosphere,\" said Kamaljit Ray, director of India Meteorology Department (IMD) Gujarat.\"The visibility dropped to less than 1,000 meters from the normal 4,000-5,000 meters. We had posted personnel at the airport to keep civil aviation updated about the visibility levels,\" said Ray.He said that the haze which enveloped the state skies all through Tuesday is likely to start clearing by Wednesday.Airport officials said that while the haze was a cause of concern, take off or landing of no flight was affected. \"The operations are affected only when visibility drops below 500 meters,\" said an airport official.Meanwhile, people allergic to dust found it prudent to remain indoors rather than risking an attack. \"I have confined myself to the bedroom with windows closed as the dust particles are too heavy,\" Neelima Patel, a 37-year-old asthma patient said.Citizens caught unawares across stateBhuj/Rajkot: Fresh western disturbance passing over northern India and parts of Pakistan resulted in a sudden change in weather across Gujarat.Dusty storms were reported at many places in Saurashtra and Kutch, while the entire day remained foggy in the region.\"It was difficult to drive a two-wheeler because of low visibility and foggy conditions,\" a resident of Kalawad Road in Rajkot Nilesh Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12349616", "title": "Govt still to shift Maderna, Bishnoi out of Jodhpur jail", "text": "JODHPUR: Two weeks after the state government assured the Rajasthan High Court that Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, accused in the Bhanwari Devi case, will be shifted out of the Jodhpur Central Jail, no step has taken in this regard yet.The high court, on March 3, during the final hearing of the habeas corpus filed by Amarchand, husband of Bhanwari Devi, was assured by additional advocate general that the government will shift Maderna and Bishnoi to some other jail shortly. This was after the CBI had said the two political leaders were trying to threaten and influence the witnesses and the accused, who had given their statements before the magistrate.A lawyer told this newspaper that the term \"very shortly\" in legal parlance implies a period of two weeks. Jail superintendent A R Niyazi told that no order or directions in this regard have been received.So far, five accused have retracted from their statements, Amarchand being the latest after Sahi Ram, Umesha Ram, Bishna Ram and Kailash Jakhar. CBI blamed it on the political influence of Maderna and Bishnoi.On the other hand, Indra Bishnoi continues to be out of CBI's reach despite the agency putting enormous pressure on her by summoning her family members and attaching her properties. \"Due procedure, is being followed to force her to surrender and all leads in this regard are being pursued\", said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350102", "title": "'NCP too hopeful of bagging top post in Zilla Parishad'", "text": "NAGPUR: The election of president and vice-president of Zilla Parishad on Wednesday could see some dramatic results with the Congress-NCP coming forward with the claim that it may pull up enough support to retain control despite securing less numbers than the BJP-Shiv Sena in the elections held on February 7.There is a strong speculation that the Congress-NCP have succeeded in engineering a split in the Sena which won eight seats. Along with the BJP, which got 22 members elected, the saffron combine could easily stake claim for power in the 59-member ZP house. But the Congress, which won 19 seats and the NCP with 7, the Congress-NCP alliance has made a serious attempt to win over at least four of the Sena members to its side.The tussle for ZP control took an interesting turn with senior NCP leader and minister Anil Deshmukh as well as minister of state and Congress leader Rajendra Mulak arriving in the city talking time off from the assembly session in Mumbai.Mulak is seen as working on behalf of Union minister Mukul Wasnik whose prestige is at stake in Nagpur rural politics linked to the ZP.BJP top boss Nitin Gadkari is also in city to keep a close watch on the ZP developments and is reported to be keen on wresting control on it as an icing on the cake after winning the NMC elections. For him Kamptee MLA Chandrashekhar Bawankule and Sena MLA from Ramtek Asish Jaiswal are there to manage the show. The saffron leaders claimed that they have numbers in their favour and that its flock of 30 is safely ensconced at an undisclosed place. They said there was no chance of poaching of any member from the Sena -BJP group of 30 elected members.\"All parties are trying their best. We too are hopeful of winning the ZP top post,\" Deshmukh told TOI on Tuesday evening refusing to elaborate how he was garnering numbers in the Congress-NCP favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12349808", "title": "Public transport system: VMC may take CEPT\u2019s help", "text": "VADODARA: The proposal for employing the services of Centre for Excellence in Urban Transport of CEPT University at Ahmedabad for preparing a detailed feasibility report for an Integrated Public Transport System (IPTS) in the city will now be taken up by the standing committee of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC). The civic body had earlier held a meeting with CEPT officials and had asked them to prepare a financial proposal in this regard.At the meeting with CEPT associated director professor H M Shivanand Swamy, the VMC officials had zeroed in on IPTS that shall incorporate a Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), a feeder system and a micro transit system. Swamy had pointed out at the meeting that the city was facing a rise in population of vehicle and transport problems were critical.The proposal brought before the standing committee has sought approval to appoint CEPT as it has a good expertise and experience of working on urban transportation projects in Surat, Ahmedabad and Hubli. The organization will be conducting a detailed study as well as carry out a survey in the city for the IPTS. It has sought a fee of Rs 90 lakh for the project.The civic body wants CEPT to be employed without getting into tendering procedures. The proposal also states that funding from the central government could ensure that the VMC bore only 20 per cent of the expenses.At the meeting on March 3, it was suggested that the IPTS have BRTS and a network of feeder transit system to feed the BRTS routes. It will also have a micro transit system in the congested areas of the city that will use electrically powered or similar vehicles. Swamy has suggested that the city could initially have a traffic cell to take care of its needs.This could eventually develop into a special purpose vehicle that could handle the IPTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347985", "title": "BJP mocks Trivedi's hyperboles, underlines govt\u2019s coalition woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Bite the bullet', 'jaan hai to jahan hai'.... The hyperboles used by former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in his Rail Budget speech boomeranged on the government as Mukul Roy of Trinamool Congress took charge on Tuesday amid the Opposition's bid to use the reshuffle to corner the government during the Budget debate.BJP leader Sumitra Mahajan poked fun, saying Trivedi enthusiastically advocated tough measures to meet the challenge facing the railways. \"He said bite the bullet, but the bullet hit him,\" she said, with loud laughter echoing in the Lok Sabha.The Opposition's bid to corner the Centre over coalition troubles came amid indications that TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's pressure was showing results. While the rollback of fare hike in suburban trains, second class and sleeper class appeared to find acceptance with the Centre, Congress launched a charm offensive to mollify the peeved ally.Mahajan, the soft-spoken saffron leader who initiated the debate, gave enough reasons for the assembled MPs to engage in banter as she piled on the treasury benches' agony over Trinamool's decision to eject Dinesh Trivedi for suggesting fare hike. Quoting the former minister who assured railway safety as priority area by stating 'jaan hai to jahan hai', Mahajan said, \"Unki kursi chali gayi\".The BJP waded in with full force into the Banerjee's authored chaos in the ruling coalition, with the unprecedented spectacle of a replacement in Roy piloting the discussion on Rail Budget presented by Trivedi. Roy had tough time after being administered oath as Cabinet minister by President Pratibha Patil on Tuesday morning at a thinly-attended function, facing uproarious scenes for absence when the debate started in the Lok Sabha. He rushed back and clarified he was in the Rajya Sabha for introduction as the new rail minister.But the jokes did not stop. As Roy began to step out of the House with Mahajan in full flow, there were catcalls \"Mr Minister where are you going?\" \"I am not going to stop now because this coming and going would continue,\" Mahajan said as she appeared to be predicting frequent changes in railways ministry.Congress tried its best to put up a normal face. P C Chacko lauded Banerjee for laying out the roadmap for development of railways with Vision 2020 and even respected her concern for fare hike by calling her the leader of \"poorest of poor\", who singlehandedly threw out the Left government that had ruled Bengal for 34 years.The effusive praise, while disagreeing with her contention that fare hike was on the higher side, appeared aimed at mollifying the volatile leader who has dashed to Delhi with the lament that Congress was playing the big brother to allies.SP leader Reoti Raman Singh and BSP's Dara Singh demanded that fare hike for the classes used by poor should be withdrawn.Earlier, Roy, after taking over as railways minister, said that \"safety, security and punctuality would be my priority\". Asked if there would be a rollback in passenger fare, he said he would speak in Parliament on it.Rail BudgetUnion Budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348562", "title": "BIE\u2019s show cause notice to colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) has issued show cause notices to colleges which have not relieved their teachers to join the centralised evaluation camp. About 30,000 lecturers were supposed to have attended the camp but just 78% turned up. Evaluation for all subjects started on Tuesday.In districts, other than Ranga Reddy and Hyderabad, the attendance at evaluation camps is 85%. Hyderabad recorded 70% attendance and Ranga Reddy it is 82%. For Mathematics, only 66% of the total lecturers turned up for evaluation. \"We can even stall the affiliation process of colleges if they do not comply with the norms. We have issued the order. By tomorrow we are expecting more number of lecturers to fall in line,\" said M Subramanyam, secretary, BIE.BIE officials, however, stated that with 80% of the teachers turning up, 1.20 crore answer scripts can be completed by April 11. The results are expected to be released either on April 20 or 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12349427", "title": "Cops prefer private guards, not bouncers", "text": "GURGAON: The city police seems to be trying its best to restore the image of Gurgaon. After increasing deployment of cops on MG Road and outside Sahara Mall in the wake of the gang rape of a pub employee, they now want the pub owners to replace the \"rowdy\" bouncers with private guards.DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal, who is also in charge of East district that has the pubs and bars in Gurgaon under its jurisdiction, said police had called a meeting of all pub owners on Wednesday . \"The pub owners must engage private guards only from those security agencies that are registered with police or have applied for registration.The aim is to put in place an organized security system even inside pubs.\"Dayal added that bouncers could join any security agency. But the agencies would be responsible for their behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347900", "title": "Plan panel sticks to figures, says poverty came down 7.3% in 10 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the opposition accused the government of tampering with poverty figures, Planning Commission stuck to its stand that poverty had declined by 7.3% between 2004-05 and 2009-10, a period when the Congress-led UPA has been in power.\"You can put whatever poverty line you want, the fact is... the decline in poverty is twice the decline in the previous 11 years,\" Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said on Tuesday.Ahluwalia argued that the poverty line was meant to reflect conditions of \"absolute poverty\" in the country. \"This poverty line is not the line that we think a person can comfortably survive... the poverty line has been identified as a rock-bottom, bare subsistence kind of line,\" he said.The panel also clarified that food subsidies and other entitlements would not be linked to the new poverty line. \"Entitlements for food subsidy benefits will not be linked to the number of persons estimated to be below the official poverty line,\" it said.Earlier in the day, the plan panel faced criticism inside and outside Parliament for its description of poor with opposition parties saying it was making a \"dishonest\" attempt to conceal reality through \"fraudulent\" estimates.Faced with the opposition barrage over its Rs 28 a day formulation, the commission admitted that there was serious discrepancy in NSSO data and the national accounts data which led to pegging of poverty line at Rs 28.65 per capita daily consumption in cities and Rs 22.42 in rural areas. \"I do believe that the discrepancy between the consumer survey and national accounts is a serious statistical problem,\" Ahluwalia said.The plan panel's figures released on Monday suggested overall poverty levels fell from 37.2 percent in 2004-05 to 29.8 percent in 2009-10. These are based on the daily per capita consumption of Rs 28.65 in urban cities and Rs 22.42 in rural areas.The commission's poverty data was based on the 66th round of the National Sample Survey (2009-10) on household consumer expenditure survey. The national accounts, which provide data for national income, is prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12344951", "title": "Protecting the vulnerable", "text": "Norway is a small nation in Northern Europe with five million people spread thinly over a territory a bit larger than the United Kingdom. According to the UN Human Development Index, it is one of the safest and best places in the world to grow up in. What then is the reason for the Norwegian Child Welfare Service (CWS) intervening in some foreign families and, in certain cases, placing children in foster homes?This question is being hotly debated, both in India and in Norway. Is this a case of an omnipotent state intervening inappropriately in the private sphere, or is it a case of a caring system protecting the most vulnerable of all - children?In this debate i have criticised the Norwegian ministry of children, equality and social inclusion for being too passive and for providing too little information about the Norwegian child welfare system to the Indian public. Therefore, as an independent ombudsman for children, i will try to give an overview of what child protection in Norway is all about.Because we now know more about child development and psychology than we used to, both policy and attitudes towards children have changed in the child`s favour in recent decades. Today, all forms of corporal punishment have been abolished in schools, the home or any other place. This is because we know that corporal punishment is harmful to children and affects their relationships with their caretakers in a negative way.Even though most children in Norway enjoy a safe and secure life in a wealthy country, there are still children who suffer from violence, abuse and neglect in their families. The CWS provides a safety net for children and families at risk. In every municipality there is an office for child protection, and its job is to closely follow up the Child Welfare Act.The Act states that the CWS shall offer support and guidance to parents who are struggling in bringing up their children. The CWS is also obliged to take children out of their family if it is seriously concerned about the conditions in the home. The CWS can intervene directly in acute situations, but a court decision is needed if a child is to remain under CWS care.The recent incident in the municipality of Stavanger, where two Indian children were taken under CWS care, has fuelled public debate in India, a debate that seems to be based on a lack of information and serious misunderstandings. The most serious misunderstanding is that hand feeding or having children sleeping in the parent`s bed is sufficient grounds for the CWS to place a child in foster care. The Child Welfare Act sets out clearly that foster care may only be considered in cases where a child has been subject to serious neglect or violence.I cannot comment further on this specific case, but i can say that while the CWS certainly has considerable potential for improvement, it is a key part of the safety net for children in Norway.According to both the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and Norwegian legislation, children of another nationality living in Norway shall enjoy the same protection as Norwegian children. If there were a higher threshold for intervening in foreign families than in Norwegian families, this would amount to discrimination.While i support Norway's system of child welfare, i frequently make critical remarks, both about the ministry of children, equality and social inclusion and about the CWS itself. The ministry should have been more proactive in this case, and been present in India to provide the Indian public with information about Norwegian standards for child rearing and care, and to explain why foreign children who are abused or neglected in Norway cannot be subject to discrimination.Unfortunately, the CWS has a poor track record in following up with parents after a decision to place children in an institution or foster care. The CWS should, as routine, inform foreign parents of the decision in a language they fully understand, and provide translations of important documents in order to avoid misunderstandings.I am also concerned that there seems to be a higher threshold for intervening in families of foreign origin than in Norwegian families, with the result that foreign children enjoy less protection than children with Norwegian parents.I was in India just a few months ago, and met both children in difficult circumstances and childcare professionals who are working hard to improve children`s rights in the country. The differences between our two countries are many. In our culture, the family is less a private matter, and if children experience neglect they are the responsibility of the whole community. Our goals, however, are the same: a good life for all children.Norway is also involved in disputes with other countries about child welfare cases. It is about time the ministry of children, equality and inclusion took a proactive role in providing information about how we protect children in this country, and what values form the basis of society in this small nation, which is one of the best countries for children to grow up in.The writer is ombudsman for children in Norway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348938", "title": "13 years after ex-army man\u2019s death, wife gets pension", "text": "CHENNAI: Thirteen years after her husband's death, 64-year-old A Mariammal from Coimbatore can finally get the full pension due to her, thanks to an order of the Armed Forces Tribunal.Mariammal's husband R Arunagiri served in the Army from 1974 to 1994. After he retired as squadron leader, Arunagiri joined Canara Bank and was posted at its Tirunagar branch in Madurai. He passed away on January 19, 1999 while he was still in service. After his death, Mariammal was drawing a family pension of 3,850 from the bank as per its rules and regulations, her lawyer A V K Ezhilmani said.In July 2001, the Union ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions issued a notification saying the widow or the next of kin of an Army officer was entitled to receive both civil as well as Army family pensions. But the notification was circulated to all sainik welfare department offices only in April 2006. Mariammal came to know of it two years later and immediately applied for Army family pension in 2008. She was entitled to a pension of 3,950 from the Army, which would have taken her total monthly earning 7,800.But authorities rejected her request, contending that the rules permitted an individual to receive two pensions only if the civil family pension was received under the Employees Pension Scheme, 1971 or the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995.She moved the Armed Forces Tribunal challenging the denial of pension. When the matter came up for hearing, Mariammal produced a certificate from Canara Bank dated January 11, 2012 which stated that she was drawing pension from the bank under the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995.Passing orders, a bench of Justice A C Arumugaperumal Adityan, judicial member, and Lt Gen (retd) R K Chhabra, administrative member, observed that the record officer of the Madras Engineer Group ought to have asked for such a certificate before rejecting Mariammal's claim. Pointing out that rule 54 of the Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules reiterated the same principle as the central notification, the bench directed that Mariammal be given the Army family pension with effect from July 27, 2001. Authorities were given three months to comply with the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347909", "title": "MCD polls: Lok Satta gives tickets to activists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Influenced by Anna Hazare's crusade against graft, the Lok Satta Party's main focus is weeding out corruption from MCD. The party has decided to give tickets to social workers, activists etc who are well-connected in the area and don't have any corruption case against them.All candidates have to sign an affidavit stating that they will not indulge in corrupt practices and also submit a list of things they will do to improve the situation in their wards within the first 100 days.\"We are against corruption. The biggest problem with the present MCD is corruption. Our party has given tickets to people who have a clean track record. These people have been working at the grassroot level and are aware of the problems of the area,'' said Anurag Kejriwal, president of Lok Satta's Delhi unit. The party which is contesting for the first time in municipal polls plans to field just 10-11 candidates. Our main aim is not to head any corporation. We just want to work for the welfare of the residents of the city. It is important to clean the system,'' said Kejriwal.The party has decided to field Jai Prakash Chaudhary, who is a member of the Safai Sena, for Trilokpuri seat. Thirty-five-year-old Chaudhary has been working in Delhi as a rag picker for the past few years. Similarly, the party has given a ticket to Suman Kumari, a social worker from Seemapuri.\"These are people who have been working in the area for years. As they know the real issues of the area, so they can address them better,'' said a senior member of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12347869", "title": "Mamata Banerjee: Not for snap polls, but must be ready", "text": "Mohua Chatterjee caught up West Bengal CM and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on her way back to Kolkata after a two-day whirlwind visit to the national Capital during which she had her way in foisting the railway minister of her choice. She did not deny the prospect of a mid-term poll, but the key UPA partner accused Congress of trying to break the alliance in the context of the recent Rajya Sabha elections.Q: There is a lot of talk in Delhi about mid-term elections. As a crucial partner in the UPA-II, what's your take?A: An elected government always comes to office for a five-year term in our political system. In a democracy, mid-term polls are not desirable, especially in an economic condition such as ours. We (Trinamool Congress) are not in favour of early elections. But in politics, a political party should always be ready for any eventuality.Q: Is that why you are active in building up the federal front?A: The framers of the Constitution had carefully created the federal structure.Yesterday, I was in the Central hall of Parliament and that is the place where this federalism was born. As chief minister of a state, I am a member of the federal club. So on the issue of development, if we try to combat economic blockade of the region by the Centre, there is no politics in it...it is a collective effort.Q: Can there be a situation when you could withdraw support to the UPA?A: We are here for the full term, but we don't want to feel humiliated. There are so many issues. The Farakka water issue...no bailout from our economic crisis...we have been asking for moratorium on the interest on the loan to the state...the GTA issue is not yet resolved where the Centre has to be more proactive...we have done our bit. There are so many things.Q: You refused to part with TMC's extra votes to the Congress for a Rajya Sabha seat from the Bengal. Is your relationship with Congress in the state affecting your ties with the UPA at the Centre?A: I don't want to breakaway from Congress allies in the state. But last time, we did not put up a candidate, so the Congress candidate (she meant Pradip Bhattacharya but did not name him) won. This time I expected them not to put up a candidate. If they don't withdraw their candidate, they are trying to break the alliance.Q: Will this change of railway minister suddenly create a problem between the PM and TMC?A: No, not at all. On the contrary, Mukul Roy will act as our representative working under the guidance of the Prime Minister who heads the Cabinet.Q: You are seen as pro-poor and anti-reform in your policies. What do you have say to this perception?A: I am not anti-reform. I also think that the economy today does not move on the same pace like it did in the 1960s, 70s or 80s. In 1991, Manmohan Singh's economic liberalization has changed our economy. But, reforms in the railways, for instance, cannot only come through raising fares of the lower classes. There are other innovative ways... Railways have a lot of acquired land ... that can be utilized. Reforms are of many types... fast, slow, moderate... All reforms have to suit the socio-economic condition of the country. I hope Mukul Roy will not move away from reforms and modernization of the railways and at the same time keep the common man's interest in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347671", "title": "Battle for name: Student challenges political party", "text": "NEW DELHI: It all started as a mock electoral exercise in a Delhi school but has boiled down to a serious legal fight between a Class IX boy and a political outfit from UP, all over the name 'Aam Janata Party'.Karmanya Singh Sareen, a student of Delhi Public School, R K Puram, has filed objection before the Election Commission on allocation of AJP to the UP political outfit on the ground that he had coined the name, fought school elections under its banner and had applied for copyright in the trademark office.His objections were filed in response to a public notice issued by the EC on March 4 inviting objections to the request from a political party from Jigina village in Basti district proposing to be registered as Aam Janata Party under Section 29A of Representation of People Act.During last year's class elections, Karmanya had floated Aam Janata Party and promised students more recreation time in school and less home work. Though he lost the elections, his advocate parents Maninder and Pratibha liked the reason for which their son had chosen the name Aam, which meant mango as well as general in Hindi.With the help of his parents, Karmanya had on December 26 last year applied for copyright over the words, name and logo of Aam Janata Party before the Registrar of Trade Marks. The Trade Marks Registry has already displayed in its website the claims for such ownerships.In his objection to registration of UP political party under the name AJP, Karmanya told the EC, \"The name and logo of Aam Janata Party was coined by me keeping in mind that the word 'Aam' has two meanings, the fruit and the common man. It is for this reason that I have adopted the symbol of mango fruit also. This is my original coined word/name/logo. I have been advised that political activity is also a kind of service and that service marks can be registered under the Trade Marks Act, 1999, until a political party is actually launched.\"In order to protect the word/name/logo, I filed the applications in the Trade Marks Registry. Please protect the same and do not permit anyone else to be registered in the same name.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348678", "title": "MSRTC to recruit over 7,000 drivers, conductors", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will soon be recruiting for 7,500 pending vacancies of drivers and conductors in the state, a move that spells relief for the current lot who has complained of being stressed out because of long duty hours and overtime.At present, as many as 37,000 drivers work at various MSRTC depots across the state.The issue of vacant posts of drivers and conductors came into focus after the murderous rampage of state transport corporation driver Santosh Mane on January 25 that left nine people dead. Soon after the incident, the state transport body's employee federations said that at most depots, drivers and conductors were working in additional shifts and doing overtime due to the staff crunch.A senior MSRTC official told TOI, \"All the administrative formalities are to be completed in the next few days after which the recruitment process will begin. We will be filling around 15,000 vacancies of which around 50% are of drivers and conductors. Other vacancies are of various administrative posts, including clerical staff, workshop staff and depot staff.\"An official said that considering the increased bus operations across all depots, the corporation required additional staff, especially of drivers and conductors. Recruitment would help in increasing efficiency and daily output and streamlining daily traffic.Hanumant Tate, general secretary of the Maharashtra State Transport Workers' Federation, said the state transport body's workers were stressed out.\"Despite repeated follow ups, no steps have been taken to fill the vacant posts of drivers. If the corporation announced a recruitment drive around six months back, why has there been so much delay?\"Tate said that the recruitment drive would not be completed before the summer season, when drivers would be taking up additional duties to clear the extra rush of passengers.He said that about 40% drivers were overworked. \"Many drivers are asked to do back-to-back duties. They hardly find time to rest before their next trip. The management should address these problems.\"Pune divisional secretary Dilip Parab said that 700 posts of drivers were vacant in Pune. \"Many drivers work overtime and for longer periods than the stipulated duty time that results in them being perpetually stressed out. Moreover, with the bus operations increasing every year, the management needs to give an urgent thought to recruiting for the vacant posts of drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12348656", "title": "Projects remain in limbo as officials in district get transferred", "text": "NOIDA: Within five days of the SP government being sworn in, more than half a dozen senior administrative officials in Gautam Budh Nagar have been given their marching orders. With no replacements announced yet, an overall lull surrounds the district. While Noida Authority officials claim to be unaware of the next change of guard, the residents remain in a state of confusion, not only about their problems but also the several projects that continue to remain in limbo.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , in re-jigging the bureaucracy, has already transferred the Noida and Yamuna Expressway Authority chairman, the district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar, the IG and commissioner (Meerut range), the administrative officer of Noida Authority and many officers of the three authorities of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway. Rumours of Jyoti Narayan, the SSP/DIG of Gautam Budh Nagar being transferred have also been doing the rounds, though he continues to remain in charge.While Mayawati loyalist and chairman of the Noida Authority, Yamuna Expressway and Investment Commissioner Mohinder Singh has been shunted out of his present postings and put on a waiting list, DM Hirdesh Kumar has been posted as a special secretary in the agricultural production commissioner branch. Commissioner Bhuvnesh Kumar has been made secretary of the Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349412", "title": "Man killed over wedding invite", "text": "NEW DELHI: The elder son of Mohammad Kasim of Mangolpuri , Shakir, was stabbed to death on Monday night while his younger son, Aashif, has been hospitalized with stab injuries . The apparent reason is Kasim did not invite a few of his neighbours to Aashif's wedding on March 3.Shakir and Aashif were returning home at Y Block around 10.30pm from their garments and music shop in Mangolpuri when four of their disgruntled neighbours allegedly attacked them with knives. The victims were stabbed several times after which the accused fled. Shakir (27) was declared brought dead at hospital while Aashif (24) is recuperating at Sanjay Gandhi Hospital.\"They were angry with us for not being invited to my wedding,\" Aashif said. The accused - identified as Salman, Javed, Manzar and Samar - had been reportedly threatening the family for insulting them. \"We have identified them and will arrest them soon,\" said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348685", "title": "Traders protest DCB octroi privatisation", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road Cantonment Board (DCB) has privatised its octroi collection system amid major protests from traders who have called a bandh on Wednesday. Octroi collection under the new system is expected to begin from April 1.The DCB was considering the proposal to appoint a private contractor for collection of octroi for the last one year.Narendra Mahajani, chief accounts officer and public relations officer, DCB, said, \"The cantonment board has approved a resolution to give contract to a private contractor for octroi collection. The contractor will pay the cantonment Rs 21.50 crore as annual octroi collection. The amount will be given through 52 post-dated cheques of equal installments.\"He said the cantonment had earlier fixed the minimum expected octroi limit as Rs 25 crore. However, the amount was later revised. Earlier, the cantonment had received two bids for the contract out of which one was accepted.Enumerating the benefits of privatisation, Mahajani said, \"The present annual octroi collection of DCB is Rs 18 crore. With privatisation, the DCB will be able to get an additional Rs 3.5 crore. Also, the cantonment has 105 posts vacant due to which it faces manpower shortage for conducting its duties of property tax collection, maintaining cleanliness and other activities. There are 45 employees in the octroi department whose services can be utilised for these works after private octroi collection work starts on April 1. The octroi department has seven octroi posts in cantonment limits.\"Strongly protesting the decision, Madanlal Sonigara, secretary, Dehu Road Bazaar Vyapari Association, said, \"On Wednesday, the traders will hold a hunger strike against octroi privatisation, the 300 shops in Dehu Road bazaar will observe a one-day bandh and the traders will hold a meeting to plan out a future course of action, including an indefinite bandh.\"Sonigara, who is also the former vice-president of DCB, said the cantonment at its meeting held in 2010 had taken a decision for not appointing any private contractor for octroi collection. The association has also sent a letter to the GOC-in-C of Southern Command for suspending the decision, he added.Madanlal Sonigara, secretary, Dehu Road Bazaar Vyapari Association, said, \"On Wednesday, the traders will hold a hunger strike against octroi privatisation, the 300 shops in Dehu Road bazaar will observe a one-day bandh.\" ==", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12347844", "title": "To be: Gujarati to resonate in Bard's theatre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarati will resonate for the first time in the theatre that William Shakespeare used to stage his plays. Mumbai's theatre group Arpana will perform a Gujarati adaptation of the Bard's classic 'All's Well That End's Well' during the prestigious World Shakespeare Festival at the Globe Theatre, Shakespeare's favourite. The festival will be part of the cultural extravaganza planned around the London Olympics.The Gujarati adaptation has been penned by Mihir Bhuta as 'Sau Saru Jenu Chhevat Saru' and is being directed by Sunil Shanbag. The festival, organized between April 21 and June 9, will see 37 plays in 37 different languages from across the world. Gujarati and Hindi are the only two languages selected from India. The Hindi version is an adaptation of 'Twelfth Night'.Shanbag, whose mother is a Gujarati, said, \"Globe Theatre wanted two productions from India. I suggested Gujarati and they readily accepted because there is sizable Gujarati population in and around London and this may attract them to Globe.\"The Gujarati adaptation is amusical set in the backdrop of 19th century Mumbai and Saurashtra. In the plot, France has been replaced with an imaginary Rasoli village of Saurashtra, Mumbai and Rangoon replace Paris and Florence. The royal tale of the Bard revolves around Gujarati opium and cotton traders. The original protagonists, Count Bertram and Helena, transform into Bharatram and Heli.Arpana specializes in live music and singing during performances. The cast is made up of singer-actors like Chirag Vora, Minal Patel, Utkarsh Majmudar, Mansi Parekh and Ahmedabad's Archan Trivedi. \"We have used Kathiawadi dialect with the Gujarati as spoken in Mumbai,\" Utkarsh explains. A reading of the play is on. The group plans to go for rehearsals later this week. \"We plan to open it in Mumbai on April 29 before we take the production to London for two shows on May 23 and 24,\" Shanbag said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349890", "title": "Three's company as BJP wins Corporation of the City of Panaji by 15-14 votes", "text": "PANAJI: The distance between the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) state unit headquarters and the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) is a two-minute walk, but it took the party seven years to come to power in the only city corporation in Goa.Vaidehi Naik of the Panaji First panel, owning allegiance to the BJP, was elected as the new mayor of Panaji, while Tony Rodrigues, the rebel from St Cruz MLA Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's Panaji City Corporation Development Front, was elected as deputy mayor. The election was watched by Monserrate, who was present in the CCP's conference hall, observing the proceedings.A special meeting was called on Tuesday to elect the mayor and deputy mayor as the one-year term of the previous incumbents Yatin Parekh and Rudresh Chodankar had concluded.From the Monserrate camp, Chodankar contested for the post of mayor, and it was a one-on-one fight with Naik. The election was conducted through a show-of-hands. Naik polled 15 votes while Chodankar polled 14 votes. Former mayor Carolina Po did not attend the special meeting.Panaji First panel candidate Shubham Chodankar and the Monserrate panel candidate Kabir Pinto Makhija withdrew their nominations for the post of deputy mayor. It was then a straight fight between Monserrate's candidate Bento Lorena and independent Tony Rodrigues, also a former mayor.Rodrigues won 15 votes and Lorena polled 14 votes. After the election, CCP commissioner Agnelo Fernandes declared Naik as mayor and Rodrigues as deputy mayor.Addressing the council, the new mayor, Naik, said \"My top priorities will focus on garbage , traffic management and the market. I will also try to correct all the wrong done during the last seven years. I will also welcome constructive opposition if something is wrong. But opposition for name sake will not be entertained.\"Naik further said that she would run the CCP in a transparent manner and requested the people to co-operate for the development of the capital city.Deputy mayor Rodrigues said \"I am back home. The council will work in a clean and transparent manner and in the next six months, you will witness the difference between the previous and present councils.\" Both mayor and deputy mayor praised chief minister Manohar Parrikar for the opportunity given to them.The two independent councillors Surendra Furtado and Ruth Furtado voted in favour of Panaji First.\"I have not supported any panel, I have supported the development of Panaji, which has suffered for the last seven years. I will play the same role as I played in the past. I look forward to the coming days and want the mayor to immediately investigate into the ghost workers scam which I had exposed three years ago. We should also privatize the cleaning of Panaji,\" said Furtado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352247", "title": "Saturday night fever", "text": "This was fun unlimited for the folks at this nightspot. It was a packed house with the most good looking party animals in town all set to rock right through the evening.From trendy LBDs to some offbeat tops paired with denims, the girls here were all set to show off their style quotients. The men too were dressed to match these women , interestingly, most of them opting to sport the casual look. They were chilling out as the DJ spun the latest club hits to ensure that these hip lot got to groove to their hearts' content. And some of them sat by the dancefloor, sipping on their cocktails as they caught up on the latest gossips that are doing the rounds in the city's party circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347966", "title": "Plan panel's unrealistic cut-off deprives poor of welfare benefits", "text": "NEW DELHI: What is the poverty line the government really follows when it comes to its schemes for the poor? When it comes to its pension schemes for the old, widows and disabled poor, it's a dismal Rs 11 per day per person in rural India and Rs 17 per day per person in towns and not even the Rs 22 and Rs 28 that the Planning Commission has now recommended.The consequence is that a large number of those who should actually be eligible for various schemes get left out. Take the case of old age pension (the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme or IGNOAPS). At India's current population levels, about 2.28 crore people over the age of 60 ought to be entitled to benefit from the scheme. In reality, only 1.46 crore get pension from the Centre meaning that 81 lakh old, poor people are left to fend for themselves. Remember that even the 2.28 crore estimate is based on the abysmally low poverty line figures of the Planning Commission.Under the scheme, elderly people below the poverty line are paid Rs 200 per month as pension. But the restrictions put by the old poverty line has ensured that if any poor over the age of 60 spends more than Rs 11 in rural India per day or Rs 17 per day in towns, then he/she is not eligible for the pension scheme as far as the central government is concerned.The states undertake detailed surveys to identify the poor based on a list of parameters. Once identified, these people are handed over what are called BPL (Below Poverty Line) cards. Ideally, all those who have been identified as BPL should then be provided benefits under schemes meant for the poor. But here lies the catch. The Planning Commission steps in. It undertakes a statistical exercise sitting in Delhi to calculate the percentage of people it considers poor in each state. It decides a certain minimum monthly expenditure per person as a cut-off. Anyone spending above this, it decides, cannot be declared poor.It then tells the state government that regardless of the number of poor it has identified, it will only give central funds for the percentage it considers poor based on its statistics. If the state governments want to extend the benefit to those beyond the plan panel's cut-off, they can do so out of their own pocket. This is exactly what has happened with the pension schemes.The 9th report of the Supreme Court food commissioners said, \"The government of India uses the poverty ratio of 28% (based on the Rs 11 and Rs 17 poverty line), instead of the earlier 36%, in making the allocations under this (old age pension) scheme.\" This is despite the fact that the 36% cut-off (based on the 2004-05 figures) has been accepted for distributing foodgrains under PDS based on Supreme Court orders.Based on these old and extremely low statistical poverty lines, the SC commissioners noted that in 2006, the scheme was extended only to 1.28 crore people. If the government had updated the poverty percentage to 36%, the Centre would have been required to provide assistance for 1.86 crore people - thus only 68.7% of the poor and old who were eligible actually got central support.The old age pension scheme is just one of the numerous schemes where the plan panel's poverty line is used as criteria to decide the number of beneficiaries the central government will support in the states regardless of the poor actually identified. This is why the poverty line matters and is not just a debating point for economists or a mere statistical exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348378", "title": "Enforcing order with lathis &amp; gaalis", "text": "GURGAON: With rising crime rate, staff crunch isn't the only problem Gurgaon police face. The police force is starved when it comes to basic equipment too. One can't expect Haryana police to carry high-tech gadgets and safety-and-search equipment on the lines of developed cities, but the police lack adequate number of PCR vans and basic safety equipment.In the mob violence incident in Sector 37 on Monday, the cops hardly seemed in control of the situation. Talking to TOI, a senior inspector said 14 vehicles were burnt just after a small fight between a labour contractor and few workers because the police force was lacking in numbers and equipment. \"I too was pelted with stones, and I am still carrying the scars. We lack a decent system. And no one knew how to tackle such an event,\" he said on request of anonymity.\"My police station has been sanctioned four PCR vans, which is not sufficient to cover the vast jurisdiction area. On top of that, two PCRs were taken away from us, and are now stationed at some village nearby. So for practical purposes we have only two vans left,\" he added.Two vans with only one driver and one assistant for each. No driver can be available 24X7.\"We don't need to look abroad to understand the problem. I have been in Delhi, in Chandigarh, and you have to see how efficient they are. They have a two-and-half-minute record for PCRs in Chandigarh for any spot,\" the official said.The staff crunch is a problem that every police officer complains of. Several requests have been sent to the state police headquarters asking for more staff and PCRs. But little has been done. Safety kits are also shoddy. Apart from a wireless system, the PCRs in Gurgaon have received a radio frequency GPS transmitter - which establishes the location of the vehicle for the main control room to manage.There are other things too, like a towing rope, an iron saw, and some grungy looking helmets. Also present in the PCRs are a carbine rifle and a camera, to be used for forensic purposes. Constable Satish Kumar, who is part of the crew in PCR-17, said: \"We were ordered to give away the cameras. The traffic cops needed them, I think.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12349000", "title": "State does a poor job in educating its children", "text": "MANGALORE: There is nothing for the state to crow about in the Annual Status of Education Report (Rural) 2011. The report clearly indicates that the state has miles to go when it comes to educating tomorrow's citizens. It says that the percentage of rural children 'not in school' is very high in Karnataka compared to neighbouring Kerala.Even when the percentage of rural children in the 15-16 age group who are out of school in Kerala is only 1.2 per cent, Karnataka is far behind with 16.7 per cent children deprived of their right to education in 2010-11.Karnataka is the eighth state with a high percentage of school drop outs and children who are not enrolled in schools. The report, which was prepared based on data collected from households in 27 districts in the state, shows that 18.1 per cent of rural boys of 15-16 age group were out of school in the state while it is only 1.3 per cent in Kerala. The percentage of girls of the same age group, who are out of school in the state, is 15.2 while it is only 1.1 per cent in Kerala.A wide gap is also seen between Kerala and Karnataka even in other age groups too. As per the report, only 0.1 per cent children of between 6 and 14 years are not in school in Kerala.Meanwhile, the percentage is relatively very high with 2.8 per cent in Karnataka.The state also lags behind in terms of meeting norms under Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act compared to Kerala. While only 1.9 per cent of the schools in Kerala do not have facility for drinking water, 11.7 per cent of the schools in the state do not have the same facility. The report points out that only 0.3 of the schools in Kerala do not have toilet facility. At the same time, in Karnataka, six per cent of the schools do not have toilets. The percentage of schools without libraries in Kerala is only 1.9 against 7.4 per cent in Karnataka.Educationist Renny D'Souza told TOI that lack of people's participation is the major reason for the hindrance in education sector in the state. \"Local bodies should be given more authority to manage schools in each region. Further, implementation of RTE Act would also change the scenario in a large way. More funds would be released for infrastructure and there will be a strict monitoring in the functioning schools once the Act was implemented,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349515", "title": "Dalai Lama visits AIIMS for an eye check-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama visited the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for an eye check-up on Tuesday.The 76-year-old leader had undergone a cataract surgery in January at the Rajendra Prasad Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS, under the supervision of Dr J S Titiyal, professor of opthalmology at the centre. \"He came for a routine check-up for the surgery in the eye that he had undergone due to cataract. He came in the second half and left after all investigations were over,\" a doctor working with the hospital said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348467", "title": "Eunuchs employ bodyguards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The demise of eunuch leaders in the city has thrown open the field for major groups to claim lucrative chunks and has given rise to turf war. The eunuchs now don't mind flexing an extra muscle to save their business interest and are even employing bodyguards to fight in case of emergency with weapons such as clubs and swords.Satellite police came to know about the new practice by chance after a team spotted a group near Gallops mall on Tuesday afternoon. Two constables were on patrol near SG Highway on Tuesday when they spotted an autorickshaw occupied by four youths wearing tight t-shirts. Sensing something wrong, the constables questioned them and discovered that they were working as bodyguards for a group of eunuchs, who had been to nearby business establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350082", "title": "Muttemwar demands new scientific research academy for city", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar on Tuesday raised the demand that an Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research proposed to be set up in collaboration with the Council of Scientific Research be located in Nagpur. He raised the matter through a motion tabled under rule 377 of Parliament.The MP stated that as per the Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research Bill passed by Parliament in 2011 and published and notified through Gazette of India on February 2 this year, the union government is scouting for a suitable place to set up the academy.Besides conducting research, the Academy is to provide training inter-disciplinary and trans-disciplinary areas not ordinarily provided in Indian universities. It is to cover courses like avionics, system biology, genomics, ocean engineering, mechatronics, petro science and technology and green chemistry.Muttemwar said that the academy would make available world class infrastructure and experts from 37 CSIR institutes and it would supplement efforts of union ministry of human resources in higher education in science and technology at post-graduate and advanced research level.The MP also pointed out that NEERI campus located in the city has ample space to accommodate the proposed academy with the advantage that scientists can work together. He has urged the prime minister and minister of science and technology to consider the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348640", "title": "Man with pistol held, cops say dacoity bid foiled", "text": "PUNE: A man intercepted by the traffic police near Dagdusheth Halwai Ganesh temple, allegedly brandished a pistol and attempted to escape; sending panicked citizens running helter-skelter for cover around 12.30 pm on Tuesday.Four traffic policemen and two police constables of the Vishrambaug police station overpowered Sachinkumar Dilawar Singh (24) and handed him over to the Faraskhana police station. His loaded pistol and a stolen motorcycle were seized.Singh resides at Dhanori but hails from Uttar Pradesh. His accomplice Arjun Singh, who was with him, managed to escape.With the arrest, the police claimed to have foiled a dacoity attempt at a cooperative bank on Laxmi road. The police say Singh and four others, including Arjun Singh, were preparing to rob the bank.Police constables Santosh Zende and Sahil Shaikh of the Faraskhana division of the traffic branch were manning the traffic at Budhwar Chowk near Dagadusheth Halwai Ganesh temple on Tuesday morning when the incident happened. \"I noticed two men on a red motorcycle bearing the registration number MH 12 EF 4850. I was suspicious, since I have never seen the 'EF' series number plate on two-wheelers, and asked them to stop,\" Shaikh told TOI.Shaikh said he asked the rider to show his driving license and vehicle documents. \"The man told me that he had forgotten the papers at his room in Yerawada,\" Shaikh said. \"I then asked him to come with me to the traffic booth and also told him to send his friend, who was riding pillion, to get the papers.\"Shaikh said that while he was taking Singh towards the booth, the man suddenly pushed him. \"He whipped out a pistol, which was tucked in his waistband, and waved it threateningly. Police constables Zende, R N Landge and Sandip Dhanwate of the traffic branch and Dashrath Shirke and Chandrakant Sapkal of the Vishrambaugwada police station, swung into action and nabbed the man,\" Shaikh said.Senior police inspector of the Faraskhana police station Anant Rajeshirke told TOI that during interrogation Singh told the police that Arjun Singh also had a weapon. \"The duo had brought the weapons from Meerut in Uttar Pradesh,\" Rajeshirke said. \"We searched the Pune railway station area, Dhanori and Yerawada but were not able to find Arjun Singh.\"The police also searched Singh's residence and recovered five cartridges and two sharp weapons, said Rajeshirke. He added that the investigations have revealed that the duo had stolen the motorcycle and had changed its number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12349887", "title": "Viruses can be trained for cancer treatment", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: In 1951, a 4-year-old boy with leukemia contracted chickenpox. His liver and spleen, swollen by the cancer, soon returned to normal, and his elevated blood cell count fell to that of a healthy child. His doctors at the Laboratory of Experimental Oncology in San Francisco were thrilled by his sudden remission, but the blessing was short-lived. After one month, his leukemia returned and progressed rapidly until the child's death.In the early 1900s, not much could be done for cancer patients. Unless surgeons could excise a tumour, the disease typically spelled a swift and inevitable end. But in dozens of published cases over the years, doctors noticed a peculiar trend: Cancer patients sometimes enjoyed a brief reprieve from their malignancies when they caught a viral infection.It was not a coincidence. Common viruses sometimes attack tumour cells, researchers discovered. For decades, they tried to harness this phenomenon , to transform it into a cancer treatment. Now, after a long string of failures, they are nearing success with viruses engineered to kill cancer. \"It's a very exciting time,\" said Robert Martuza , chief neurosurgeon at the Massachusetts General Hospital. \"I think it will work out in some tumour, with some virus.\"Cancer cells are able to replicate wildly, but they cannot ward off infection as effectively as healthy cells. So scientists have been looking for ways to create viruses that are too weak to damage healthy cells yet strong enough to destroy tumour cells.In 1904, researchers discovered that women with cervical cancer temporarily recovered when given a rabies vaccination. By midcentury, physicians were administering live viruses to cancer patients. However, these experiments proved ill fated. The cancer returned, or the injections themselves caused \"the development of lethal infection in the host. Then, in 1996, Ian Mohr, a virologist at New York University, stumbled on a way of further altering the crippled virus. He exposed it repeatedly to cancer cells until a new viral mutant evolved with the ability to replicate in those cells. He then engineered a way for their virus to evade the immune system, making it an even more potent cancer-killing agent.Oncolytic viruses multiply in the body and gain strength. In addition to attacking cancer cells directly, some also produce an immune response that targets tumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353363", "title": "Sajid Khan is not my mentor: Jacqueline Fernandez", "text": "She is only three films old in Bollywood. But actress Jacqueline Fernandez is flooded with offers from big production houses and her career moves are rumoured to be taken by actor-filmmaker Sajid Khan.However, the model-turned-young actress denies it all, saying she takes her own decisions and no one is playing mentor to her.When Jacqueline started shooting for her yet-be-released film, 'Housefull 2', helmed by Sajid, sparks flew and soon there were reports that they are dating and would get married this year.Most industry folks feel that Sajid keeps a watch on the films she signs. \"No.. he (Sajid) is not my mentor, I don't actually have one. I don't have any mentor. I am very professional person, I have never had any mentor. And no he never does tell me what films to do and what not. I think for me it is important that I make my own decisions,\" Jacqueline told PTI in an interview.\"As I am not from the industry..I am an outsider, so it is easy for me to make mistakes as I don't know how things work in the industry, how people function. It is important to make your own mistakes and learn from them and not based on someone else advice to know what you are doing is right,\" she said.The 26-year-old made her debut in tinsel town with 'Aladin' (2010) opposite Riteish Deshmukh. In her next film 'Jaane Kahaan Se Aayi Hai' she was again paired opposite Riteish but both these films did no magic at the box office. This was followed by a cameo in 'Housefull' and a full-fledged role in 'Murder 2'.More than her professional life, she was talked more about for her rumoured relation with Sajid which she thinks is unfair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12350010", "title": "332 caught cheating", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 332 candidates, including 212 boys and 120 girls, were caught using unfair means from 18 divisions on Tuesday during the UP Board high school and intermediate examinations. Besides, three invigilators were changed at examination centres in Gorakhpur and Azamgarh. The Board has also lodged FIR against two centre in charges in Bareilly and Jhansi divisions.Among the cases of use of unfair means in examination, Aligrah led the table with 43 candidates -- 30 boys and 13 girls, followed by Kanpur with 41 (22 girls and 19 boys). Besides, 36 candidates -- 31 boys and 5 girls -- were caught copying from Agra division.The total number of candidates caught using unfair means in board examination has now reached 640.On Tuesday, intermediate examinees appeared in vocal music, instrumental music and dance first paper in the morning shift and psychology, education and logic first paper in the afternoon shift.The UP Board high school examinees appeared in science paper in the morning shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347791", "title": "SC slams govt's 'casual' approach on gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday criticized the Centre's \"casual approach\" during the hearing on appeals challenging a Delhi High Court verdict diluting Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code to decriminalize consensual gay sex between consenting adults in private.The ministries of home affairs and health had opposed dilution of Section 377 before the HC but accepted the verdict and did not appeal against it in the apex court. However, in its arguments, the MHA reiterated its arguments which were advanced before the HC only to retract them. The ministry of health provided data about homosexuals running high risk of HIV while keeping mum on the legal issue.Given the inadequate assistance from the two ministries coupled with the fact that their affidavits were filed by not so senior officers, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said, \"In such matters, the minimum expected is that the secretary will file affidavit. They have taken this case very casually. This practice needs to be condemned and we are going to say it in our judgment.\"The politically correct stand of remaining neutral to the Delhi HC verdict also did not go down well with the court. The bench said, \"We do not know in how many cases they have been neutral. This is one of the peculiar cases where the Centre, which had contested the matter in the high court, is taking a neutral stand. Which one is to be accepted, the affidavits filed in the high court or its stand of neutrality in the Supreme Court?\"The bench's observations came during arguments by senior advocate Ashok Desai on behalf of noted filmmaker Shyam Benegal, who pitched in support of the Delhi HC verdict. The court wanted to know why the \"revolutionary filmmaker\" was not bringing in a private member's bill in Parliament for amendment to Section 377.Desai said the fate of private member's bills was well known. He said at present, it was more difficult because even the government was finding it tough to amend laws to bring in much needed changes and preferred to leave it to the constitutional courts to fill the gaps through judicial pronouncements.The counsel said the Law Commission had also recommended dilution of Section 377. He said it was rather contradictory on the part of the government not to appeal against the HC verdict and the two ministries presenting different views to the apex court.The court too lamented the lack of serious legislative thought in the last 60 years towards amending Section 377 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350016", "title": "National Highway Authority of India develops roads, forgets trees", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the most effective, economical and useful remedies to control environment pollution is tree plantation, says National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) policy issued in 2003. But its own umbrella policy is not being followed by the highway authority.On World Forestry Day, TOI looks into the massive damage NHAI did to environment by felling a large number of trees in the past four years but did not resurrect. No doubt , the roads have been widened in the 150km radius of Nagpur, barring a few patches, but there are no trees that could offer shade and oxygen.A set of queries sought from respective project directors in the region under the RTI Act by green activist Shrikant Deshpande reveals that in the past four years, NHAI felled 59,381 trees on NH6 and NH7, but did not compensate them with over 1.78 lakh trees it had to plant considering the 1:3 ratio as directed by the apex court. Now NHAI proposes to fell 11,217 trees on NH69 (Nagpur-Betul section).On NH6 from Lakhni to Deori - 16,427 trees were felled and from Nagpur to Amravati - 14,321 trees were felled. A total of 30,748 trees were felled on NH6. As per the norms, the NHAI needed to plant 92,244 trees but it didn't.NHAI chief general manager (CGM) Dhanraj Tawde says, \"We had planted over 12,000 trees in the 50km patch from Nagpur to Kondhali on NH6 but only 2,000 trees survived. However, now these trees have also died. We are planning to take action against the concessionaire for not planting trees. In rest of the sections, plans are afoot to take up plantations.\"On NH7 from Nagpur bypass to Kanhan and Mansar near Ramtek, NHAI felled 1,964 trees but did not plant a single tree. Vast stretches along the roadside look barren on this patch. Similarly, on Nagpur-Hyderabad section 26,669 trees were felled but trees have not been planted. \"Agreed that good roads are must for better connectivity but why trees are ignored by NHAI. A similar laxity is not seen when it comes to setting up of toll booths. Even if trees have not been planted on these roads, toll collection booths have already started. While giving clearance, environment ministry says trees are integral part of road,\" Deshpande said.Deshpande's Nature Conservation Association (NCA) is fighting public interest litigation (PIL) in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on large-scale felling by NHAI. Since 2009, the court has passed nearly 11 orders but NHAI has shown complete disregard to these orders and has not bothered to plant trees as directed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12349872", "title": "2 hurt, bikes damaged as groups clash at Davorlim", "text": "MARGAO: A clash between two groups at Rumdamol, Davorlim, led to tense moments late Tuesday evening. Tactful handling of events by police prevented the situation from aggravating.A group allegedly assaulted two persons at Gogol housing board, over previous enmity, and fled. In retaliation, the latter's supporters chased the assailants to a tea shop at Rumdamol housing board and confronted them. This led to a fight that left at least two injured and some bikes damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12348615", "title": "Grand Brahmotsavams planned at ancient temple", "text": "TIRUMALA: In a move to attract more number of pilgrims, Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) has decided to organise the Brahmotsavams at the ancient Sri Kodanda Rama Swamy temple in Tirupati on a par with the annual Brahmotsavams at Lord Venkateswara temple in Tirumala.Going a step further, the TTD would present silk vastrams brought by the temple authorities of Bhadrachalam to the presiding deity at the 1,800-year-old temple.Executive officer L V Subramanyam said the Brahmotsavams would commence on March 21 and conclude on March 29.\"We are planning to perform the Brahmotsavams on a grand scale like the Srivari Brahmotsavams,\" he said.Sources said the Lord will be adorned with the silk clothes and gift items from Bhadrachalam and Vontimitta temple in Kadapa. \"Devotees can also donate silk vastrams which will be used to decorate Lord Rama every day during the nine-day Brahmotsavams,\" the EO said.A shobha yatra carrying the sacred Ramayana was taken out along the four mada streets of the temple in Tirupati on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12354047", "title": "When life becomes reality TV", "text": "Washing dirty linen on a public forum is the norm for people who use the web to air their grievances. Do we really have to go public with private information? A new website encourages you to .A voyeuristic attitude towards life has slowly crept into our lives, with most people not shying away from playing Peeping Toms. That probably explains the popularity of reality TV that takes private moments and puts them out there to be devoured by one and all. While using social networking sites to vent out emotions and share everyday events is a common phenomenon among youth today, what is astounding is the speed at which our private lives are now entering the public domain. The latest addition to this list is a website called Cheaterville.com that allows users to anonymously 'out' cheaters via email posts or written testimonials. According to reports, the site has almost 400,000 fans on a popular networking site and scores an average of 10,000 new users every week. Does this sound like a death knell for a person's privacy? And are we playing the part of reality TV contestants in our own lives?Yes and no say some youthTina Seth, a media executive says, \"We are more open than our parents about our lives as we post and share every detail on networking sites. Hence, it is like an online diary, with every page on display for my friends to see and post their comments.\"Rakesh Virani, agrees and adds, \"While I do share certain things about my life online, I also withhold some information. Unlike most people, I don't see any reason why a networking site should have too many details about my personal life. Hence I refrain from updating my relationship status even though I have been in a relationship for more than a year. Our parents and friends know about us but we have not fallen into the trap of posting private pics or details about our lives, as we think somethings are best left private.\"What's causing this shift in people's attitudes towards privacy? Clinical psychologist, Dr Seema Hingorrany, says, \"Our dependency on technology and a herd mentality is making people do what everyone is doing to 'fit in'. Apart from this, attention seeking behaviour and an impulsive nature are only adding to this problem.\" She adds, \"The problem is gaining a foothold in every aspect of our life. While previously, we would hesitate to tell on a person even if we were aware of them cheating on their spouse, now with the cloak of anonymity we can easily cause immense damage. We are slowly losing respect for people's private space.\"melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349294", "title": "Shehla murder case: Fifth accused sent to CBI custody", "text": "INDORE: The special CBI court has sent an alleged shooter in connection with the Shehla murder case, Tabish Khan, in CBI custody till March 26.He is the fifth person to be held in the high-profile murder case that shocked the state capital in August last year.Tabish was presented before the judicial magistrate Shubra Singh after which he was sent in the CBI custody for six days, senior public prosecutor Hemant Shukla said.The Special Task Force arrested Tabish from his Bekanganj residence in Kanpur on Monday. He was brought before the court after obtaining transit remand.Shukla informed that Tabish was present at the spot at the time of incident. Further details will surface once the investigation comes to an end, Shukla added.Meanwhile, alleged contract killer Irfan, who is the fourth accused in the murder case, is undergoing a polygraph test in Delhi. Irfan, whose police custody was extended till March 22, was arrested by the Uttar Pradesh police from Talaq Mahal locality in Kanpur on February 27.The prime accused, Zaheda Pervez, an interior designer and her friend, Saba Farooqui, are in judicial custody till March 26 in Indore district jail.Zaheda had recorded her statement in the CBI court, while Saba had refused to come on record. Another accused Shaquib had sought ten days' time to decide whether to make any statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350361", "title": "Oxford V-C moots Net exchange plan", "text": "Mumbai: Andrew Hamilton, vice-chancellor of Oxford University, met the management of St Xavier's College to discuss possibilities of internet-based exchange programmes.The institutes discussed the option of having an internet-based exchanged programme. \"Oxford university students rarely wish to leave the campus for an exchange programme during the term. Hence, we are examining the option of an online exchange programme,\" said Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of Xavier's College.\"Two groups of students can share notes on similar subject interests through Skype or video conferencing. Oxford university is interested in the research we conduct in our botany department,\" he added. Hamilton met students from various colleges and addressed their queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349668", "title": "Jagathy is too good to replace: Lenin Rajendran", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A replacement for Jagathy Sreekumar is a hard choice to make for any director, said Lenin Rajendran during a press meet held here on Tuesday to endorse his new film Edavapathy, which is in the pre-production stage.\"Jagathy was on his way for his first shot in the film when the accident happened. It was completely unexpected. But having already invested over Rs 19 lakhs, we cannot drop the project. We have to make a replacement which is not that easy especially when you are looking to substitute one of the greatest actors in the industry,\" he replied when asked if he would go ahead with the project in the wake of Jagathy's accident.Lenin said that Jagathy is recovering very fast. \"His doctor is a close friend of mine. But he is not sure as to when exactly Jagathy can return to acting,\" he said. Sidharth Lama who played the impish Unnikuttan in the film Yodha is playing the lead role in Edavapathy.Sidharth who almost resembled what he was twenty years ago, with his same old childish charm and tonsured head, said that he was looking forward to meet Mohanlal with whom he had acted in Yodha. \"My father is a big fan of Mohanlal. They even communicate through e-mails. When I was packing my bags to Kerala, my father asked me to convey his regards for the actor. I am really looking forward to meeting him after such a long time,\" said Sidharth who now works as the secretary to his father Yubaraj Lama who is member secretary of the sports council in Nepal .Ramesh Narayanan, the music director, Uthara who is the female lead in Edavapathy and producer M K Soman were also present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350293", "title": "French national had attempted suicide earlier too, police say", "text": "Mumbai: French consulate officials on Tuesday claimed the body of their employee, who had allegedly committed suicide, on Monday. The Bandra police said Iwona Kuczma (31) killed herself as she was depressed because of loneliness.A consulate representative completed the legal formalities and claimed the body, and officials decided to send it to France, where it will be handed over to her relatives.The French national was living in Mumbai since November and her body was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her rented accommodation in Bandra (W) on Monday. She had left behind a suicide note, in which she stated that she was feeling lonely and depressed.The police said she had attempted suicide earlier too. Consulate employees told the police that Kuczma was normal at work and she had never shared her problems with any of them.Kuczma's colleague called the landlady requesting her to enquire about her as she had not reported to work on Monday. When the landlady opened the flat door with a spare key and found Iwona's body hanging from the fan, she informed the police and consulate about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349623", "title": "Arrested Gold Sukh directors brought back to Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Five directors of multi-level marketing firm, Gold Sukh Trade India, who were accused of swindling crores of rupees from people in Rajasthan and other states, were brought to city from Hanoi in Vietnam by a team of Jaipur police on Tuesday.The accused are Manvendra Pratap Singh, Neetu Nirwan , Bablu Sharma, Mahendra Singh Nirwan and Asha Sharma. Commissioner of police, B L Soni, said they fled from the city on different dates to Vietnam. These accused went to Delhi on November 4 and left for Vietnam. They were in regular touch with each other. Our team gave a presentation to Vietnam police about the crime committed by them, following which the accused were handed over to us, he added.Soni said on November 4, Mahendra Nirwan along his wife Neetu and three kids went to Delhi by air. On the same evening, Bablu Sharma, his wife Asha, Manvendra Singh, Chitra Rathore (Manvendra's wife), Thaan Singh (Manvendra's father) and Prakashlata (Manvendra's father ) reached Delhi, he added.Commissioner of police, B L Soni said later Mahendra Nirwan with his wife and kids went to Bangkok. They were followed by Bablu and his wife. Initially, these 12 people stayed at UNICO Express hotel in Bankok, Soni said. Soni said, in the meantime , some of them shifted their base from Bankok to Vietnam and stayed at Hanoi. \"In apprehension of getting arrested, they were regularly changing their hotels,\" he added.About recovered money, Soni said, \"We have recovered assets worth Rs 10 crore, including some Indian and foreign currency.All these accused would be taken in police remand and we will try to recover more from them since the investigation suggested the fraud is roughly of Rs 90 crores.\"In the evening, all the accused were produced before a local court where the police asked for a 15 day police remand. They have been sent to police remand till March 27. \"Everything related to their bank transactions and various accounts would be found during the interrogation . We have to recover more money from their possession ,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kolkata is more of homecoming for the trio. while ehsaan met up with old friends, loy took time out to gorge on some cello kebabs on park street. shankar? well, he overslept after reaching the city late on monday only to wake up to a morning of activities and a concert in the evening. settling down for an adda at itc sonar, he spoke at length about his love for food and music and how both hold the same meaning. the others too joined in - making the platter full - as we dug in. excerpts", "code": "12351977", "title": "Shankar, Ehsaan, Loy to score for IPL team", "text": "Kolkata is more of homecoming for the trio. While Ehsaan met up with old friends, Loy took time out to gorge on some cello kebabs on Park Street. Shankar? Well, he overslept after reaching the city late on Monday only to wake up to a morning of activities and a concert in the evening. Settling down for an adda at ITC Sonar, he spoke at length about his love for food and music and how both hold the same meaning. The others too joined in - making the platter full - as we dug in. Excerpts:So, the trio is in Kolkata after four long years. Meanwhile, Shankar has performed individually and so has Ehsaan...Shankar: Ehsaan performs every week yaar (laughs).Ehsaan: I'm very, very fond of the city, its people. I love coming back, it's an enriching experience for me. I have some great friends here. The audience is musically inclined, whether it's classical or our music.Loy: I've played at SPE too. But I'm relatively quiet, so you wouldn't know these things about me (laughs). On Monday, we got to hear some great guitar players, we were completely knocked out!Was it some impromptu jamming session?Shankar: No, we were just there as listeners.Loy: There was one extremely talented singer, Tanya (Sen). I heard she even sings in Hindi.Shankar: We would definitely love to use her voice sometime...A live-in-concert must be exciting...Shankar: We are alive, what more can we ask for!Ehsaan: It's a live-in-concert with an unplugged session. It's slightly extended since we have Purbayan Chatterjee jamming with us.Shankar: I've worked with Purbayan in the past. It's great to have him play with us.Isn't time a constraint when it comes to such tours?Shankar: This sponsor has been very supportive to organize the whole tour. Yes, it's not the whole of India but we have four cities to begin with. Normally, what happens is we end up touring abroad... Middle East, Singapore, but touring India is even more exciting.Loy: You are bringing music to your own fans. That's really good.After Sachin Tendulkar scored his 100th century, didn't you feel \"De ghumake\" could've had a Version II?Shankar: Why? Version I was only applicable there, no? De Ghumake, didn't he? The IPL season will come up soon and that time, I'm sure we'll have a lot of offers.Ehsaan: We are scoring the anthem for one of the teams, which I can't reveal now.Shankar: The thing is we take life as it comes, we don't put in too much of thoughts in anything.You had \"Don 2\" and \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\" last year. Even though the music got lukewarm response in the beginning, it soon climbed up the charts. Do you think the audience today is taking more time to respond to good music?Shankar: When you are tasting something that you have everyday, you react immediately.Ehsaan: Today, the daal is not good and you react...Shankar: But if I put a dish you have not tasted before, it will emotionally take you a lot more time to digest it. Certain songs have no reference points, they grow on you...Loy : Suddenly, if I put Vietnamese cuisine in front of you, you wouldn't know how good or bad it is. You are like... 'Yeh achha hai ki ganda hai?' You don't know... But then, you taste it and you are like.. 'Yeh toh achha hai' and you go running to a Thai restaurant everyday.So, it must be films, films and more films for you?Loy: There's \"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\"...Ehsaan: \" Delhi Safari\". \" Rock On 2\" is also on the cards. We have spoken to Nikhil Advani for a film, which is yet untitled. It comes across as a fun film. We also have Kamal Haasan's \"Viswaroopam\". Then Debabrata's \"Chittagong\". I don't know what's happening on that front.Shankar: It's not Debabrata but Bedabrata (Pain).Ehsaan: There' \"Dekh Indian Circus\", which went to a lot of festivals. And quite a few other projects.Do you watch every film you score for?Shankar: Most of them. Sometimes we are happy the way they are picturized, sometimes we are extremely depressed. At times, they can take a song and put it up and take it to the skies. Sometimes they just ruin it.Do you give directors feedback?Shankar: Of course, they are friends and we openly discuss.This year the National Award for Best Music Composer came to Kolkata boy Neel Dutt. Have you heard his music?Shankar: Now that you mentioned, I will definitely go, hear it.Ehsaan: Our film, \"ZNMD\" won the National Award for Best Audiography and also Best Choreography, that's basically based on our music. The background score is something we are extremely proud of. Even if it's all encompassing and the award should go to the guy in charge of the audiography, but in brackets, it's about us winning an award.Loy: I've heard a lot of Bangla bands. They are trying to break one tradition and create another. It's part of the growth.Shankar: I love that song... Bheegi bheegi (hums the first few lines) What's his name?James...Shankar: Yes, I would love to work with him.He openly confesses to not knowing Hindi...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12348911", "title": "Megalithic burial site excavated in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of students and professors from PSG Arts and Science College has excavated an Iron Age megalithic burial site at Kalapatti in Coimbatore.The sprawling site, spread over about 50 acre of land at Karuperumal Kuttai, a few kilometres away from Kalapatti, dates back to 2500 BCE and indicates the presence of a large agrarian settlement, says S Ravi, professor of Tamil, who led the excavation.Many dolmenoid cists have been found at the site with some indication of cairn-circles on the ground. According to Ravi, the cairn circle has already been destroyed.Cairn-circles are rough stones arranged in a circle, and dolmenoid cists are box-like structures built of laterite. Burial chambers with urns containing bones and pottery with paddy, beads, knives, swords and other artefacts, are usually found below cairn-circles. Ravi adds that Sangam literature (300 BCE to 300 CE) celebrate these megalithic burials, which can unlock the secrets of the social life of its age.During the excavation, pottery made of red ware, red-slipped ware, black ware, russet-coated paint ware, plates, tumblers, lids, and pieces of smoking pipes were found. A vessel that looked similar to a Roman jar was among the excavated items, indicating a possible connection to trade with the Roman empire.More detailed studies have to be conducted to confirm these facts.R Poongudram, former assistant director, Archeological Survey of India, says though megalithic sites have been found in Kodumanal, Vellalore and Sulur, there have not been many findings in Coimbatore as such. \"It would be interesting to know the findings as the burial sites are a source of information about the rich past of the area. It is especially important as the area is close to the Roman trade routes and many coins and artefacts have been excavated from here in the past,\" he says.Unfortunately, a large number of the cairn-circles at the site have been destroyed as villagers unaware of its significance carted the stones and slabs. At least three archeologists have talked about these megalithic sites but never before was a proper excavation carried out at the site. The PSG team began work at the site a decade ago after a few artefacts were discovered by Marapan Gounder, a local resident, who brought it to the attention of scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349214", "title": "Big relief for patients with cartilage and bone defects", "text": "BANGALORE: Life wasn't the same for 32-year-old Lakshmi V, a homemaker and mother of a 7-year-old girl, after she met with a road accident in early 2011. Every time she tried to walk, she had severe pain in her left knee. After several medical examinations and MRI scan, she was diagnosed with cartilage defect.Six months later, Lakshmi is able to walk freely, thanks to autologous chondrocyte implantation (ACI), a surgical procedure in which her cartilage cells were grown in a laboratory and transplanted in her knee. This is a fairly new procedure to correct joint-related problems.Vinod Patil, sales executive with a pharmacheutical company, was suffering from bilateral vascular necrosis and severe pain in his hip bone. He was treated with antilogous bone implantation (ABI), whereby his bone tissues were grown in a laboratory and transplanted in the body.After nine months of treatment, Patil, who was wheelchair-bound, can now walk without support.Dr Hemant Kalyan, orthopaedic surgeon and sports medicine specialist at Manipal Hospital, said: \"ACI and ABI can provide permanent solution for cartilage and bone-related defects. Cartilage defects affect 61% of middle-aged adults now. Almost 80% of can develop into osteoarthritis causing functional problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12349847", "title": "Ponda municipal chairperson ousted", "text": "PONDA: Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) chief Kishore K Naik was ousted through a no-trust motion on Tuesday.Within a week of the declaration of assembly election results and Ponda seat won by MGP, a notice of no-trust motion was moved against Kishore K Naik on March 12.Kishore K Naik, a strong supporter of Congress' Ravi Naik , was heading the PMC. Following the defeat of Ravi Naik, seven councillors of the 13-member civic body had lobbied and submitted a notice of no-trust motion against him on March 12- six days after the assembly election results.Of the 13-member council, seven members including Vyankatesh Naik, Rukmi Dangui, Vincent Paul Fernandes, Vandana Jog, Shivanand Sawant, Shailendra Shinkre and Radhika Nayak voted in favour of the no-trust motion by raising their hands. Including outgoing chief Naik, vice chairperson Dinkar Mundaye, councillors Damodar Naik, Sanjay M Naik and Diksha Naik voted against the motion while councilor Pradip Naik remained absent.Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes presided over the meeting while PMC chief officer Jayant Tari was present for the meeting. Fernandes informed that the motion was passed by 7- 5 votes in the special meeting held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12349298", "title": "Pakistan stops 'Agent Vinod' on track", "text": "MUMBAI: Saif Ali Khan's Agent Vinod has been banned in Pakistan. The film will be released this Friday, but not in Pakistan. Abdul Rashid, a distributor in that country, told TOI, \"I was to release the film, but have decided against it after watching it. Any film that shows my country or religion in bad light will be thrown out.\"Defending the film, director Sriram Raghavan said, \"We were cautious about not hurting sentiments. In fact, Kareena plays a Pakistani in the film. There are good people shown in the film except for one. Pakistan has not been shown in a bad light and this will be known to people on Friday. My film deals with today's India and Pakistan, so ISI's mention is bound to be there.\"But Rashid said, \"I spoke to Eros International as the promos did indicate an anti-Pakistan stance. But they denied it. The film scared us as names of Pakistani officers have been used. Also, the filmmaker has used shots of Karachi and its airport without permission.\"Rashid feels entertainment should facilitate the peace process between the two countries and not jeopardize it. Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, a proponent of Indo-Pak cultural ties, said the ban proved the sensitive nature of Indo-Pak relationship. \"Agent Vinod was much anticipated by fans in Pakistan. I am told that the ban has left many Pakistani cine goers disappointed. My colleagues across the border who have worked very hard to 'normalize' relationships between the two countries suggest that any Indian film to be released in the future should not hurt either the religious or national sentiments of Pakistanis and decelerate the Indo-P ak peace building process.\"Pakistan is an important business territory for India, equivalent to Australia. A film like Agent Vinod would have fetched Rs 3-5 crore easily. Rashid said, \"I have spent $20,000 on publicity and promotion and the producer is not going to reimburse me for the losses I have incurred.\" He said the film was bound to upset Pakistanis across the globe.Pakistani distributor H Rehmati said, \"It is unfortunate that this is the second Saif-K areena film that has been banned in Pakistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12349293", "title": "Soon, camel milk ice creams in UAE", "text": "DUBAI: Camel milk ice creams, the first of its kind, will hit the UAE markets soon. Camel milk, which is an integral part of the traditional Arabian diet, is slightly saltier than cow's milk and has numerous health benefits.\"We have spent a lot of time creating flavours that we feel are different and most importantly not available in the market,\" Abdullah Saif Al Darmaki, the CEO of Al Ain Dairy, the company producing the ice creams, told the Gulf News.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348482", "title": "Jagan case: Mopidevi quizzed by CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing CBI's probe into Jagan's illegal assets case is apparently revolving around Vanpic project with the probe agency began questioning key persons responsible for the undue benefits rolled out to the port project during the time of late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.State excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana who in his earlier stint looked after the ports portfolio was questioned by CBI sleuths for more than four hours on Tuesday in Dilkusha guest house.As many as 35 questions were posed to the minister by the CBI sleuths on various benefits that were rolled out to the port project. The huge tracts of lands allotted to the company was not part of this questionnaire. Issues regarding the allotment of lands was to be answered by the Revenue department. Mopidevi termed most of the decisions as cabinet decisions and answered all the questions that pertain to his port folio at that time. Manmohan Singh, the IAS officer, too was questioned by CBI sleuths on Tuesday for more than two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348470", "title": "Individual cabs cruise past tech guidelines", "text": "GURGAON: The city has over 10,000 cabs but not all these are equipped with hi-tech gadgets like GPS and car immobilizers.The taxies and cabs should be fitted with Global Positioning System and car immobilizers to enhance passenger safety. The fleet of radio taxies has GPS system for keeping track of the car. But the problem is mainly with the small-time taxi operators who don't install anything. \"To save money, our owner never installs any gadgets, and we have to depend on our mobile phones in case of emergency,\" said.Bir Singh, a driver working with a private taxi operator based in Gurgaon The GPS and car immobilizers cost around Rs 20,000. \"The radio taxies install the gadgets because the government's guidelines make them mandatory but there is no way to enforce the same for small-time taxi operators,\" said another cab owner.The gang rape of a woman travelling in a taxi recently has triggered the cab owners to issue fresh instructions to drivers. \"Now the drivers have been instructed not to open the door or unroll window of the car during night, especially when the passenger is a woman,\" said a general manager, Mohan Singh Jaitwal of Wyn cabs.Ankit Raghav, owner of Super Cabz. \"The drivers have now been instructed to call the police in case they come across suspicious or untoward incident. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352196", "title": "Shahid &amp; Karan Johar to work together?", "text": "Impatient to get Dharma Productions on his resume, Shahid Kapoor convinces UTV to rope in a co-producerOpportunity knocks at your door just once, they say. However, for Shahid Kapoor, a chance to work with Dharma Productions has presented itself not once but thrice.The actor, who couldn't work in Karan Johar's Kaal in 2005 had to wait seven years to be offered another film from the production house. Sadly, due to date issues, the actor had to opt out of the Punit Malhotra directorial as well. Shahid had then said, \"I hope it doesn't take us another seven years to work again.\" And thankfully, his wish has just come true albeit with a little prodding by the actor himself.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Shahid, after KJo's production fell through, was approached by Siddharth Roy Kapoor for the Hindi remake of the Tamil blockbuster Vettai. Seizing this opportunity, the actor asked the UTV head to get Karan Johar to co-produce the venture, which will finally add the much-coveted 'Dharma film' to his resume.This managed to magically fix Karan Johar's problems - Firstly, the filmmaker without having to upset his other productions or Punit Malhotra got a project with Shahid. Also, he got a big film like Vettai in his kitty without having to fight for its remake rights (since Siddharth Roy Kapoor already had it in place). And lastly, he did not have to make Shahid wait for another seven years. Perhaps for the first time, tinsel town's very own peacemaker and problem solver got his dilemma sorted.Though Karan and UTV remained unavailable for comment, a source close to the latter production house told us that the necessary paperwork still remains to be done.Our source also revealed that UTV will handle the entire production of the film and Dharma will not really be involved in the execution. The film will be directed by N Linguswamy, who had made the original. Apart from Shahid, R Madhavan will also be a part of the venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348437", "title": "Will Tollywood show up in full", "text": "HYDERABAD: Will politics-ridden Tollywood show up in full strength at the Nandi awards function this year? Much as the film industry heaved a sigh of relief that the function will at least be held on Ugadi this year, now the question is whether there would be full participation of the film industry in the prestigious function.Going by the track record of the behaviour of the stars in particular and the film industry in general, the Andhra Pradesh Film, Television and Theatre Development Corporation is trying to get more film personalities to attend the awards function.Officials of the corporation have held meetings with representatives of the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce, Telugu Film Producers Council and the Telugu Film Directors Association. They have been specifically asked to get more film personalities to attend the function that will be held at Telugu Lalitha Kala Thoranam. The groupism in the industry has always ensured that people stayed away from the event, if people they are not in favour were given the awards.\"This time, we want better participation of the industry in the function. It may be too much to expect the entire industry to come for the awards ceremony but from our side we are extending invitation to everyone,\" film development corporation managing director B Venkatesham said.However, the corporation does not send these invitations directly to the stars or all the film personalities. They are given to the trade bodies or associations which are expected to send them to the individuals. Most often, these invitations, it is learnt, are not even sent out.The awards function was held last on Ugadi in March 2010 but the then chief minister K Rosaiah wanted it to be held annually on Ugadi, as was the practice earlier. However, due to some reasons the function was not held last year. This time, the awards for the year 2009 and 2010 will be given away by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy at the function.How much of filmi glamour there will be at the function is a question that will be difficult to answer especially because of the rift between Dasari Narayana Rao and the Chiranjeevi families. For the year 2009, Dasari Narayana Rao won the best actor award for the film 'Mestri'. That left a sour taste in the mouth of Chiranjeevi's son Ram Charan Tej who had expected the award for himself for the film `Magadheera'. When an opportunity provided itself, Ram Charan Tej did not hesitate to openly criticise Dasari Narayana Rao on an issue pertaining to heroines staying away from awards functions. So it is anybody's guess about whether the Chiranjeevi camp will be there to applaud Dasari when he bags the award.For the year 2010, Balakrishna was adjudged best actor for the film 'Simha' and even if he were to come keeping aside political affiliations, will Jr NTR, who of late, has not been seeing eye to eye with Balakrishna, be there from the Nandamuri clan to savour his uncle's success? \"We are aware of all these problems, but we expect the function to be a huge success,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350124", "title": "Pune builder opts out of Rajya Sabha race", "text": "Mumbai: Bowing to the request of NCP president Sharad Pawar, Pune builder Sanjay Kakade on Tuesday withdrew his nomination papers for the crucial Rajya Sabha (RS) polls. As a result, all six nominees will be declared elected unopposed.Kakade told TOI that following Pawar's request, he was withdrawing from the fray. The NCP dummy nominee, Prakash Binsale, is also withdrawing. Subsequently, Congress nominees Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajeev Shukla, NCP's D P Tripathi and Vandana Chavan, BJP's Ajay Sancheti and Shiv Sena's Anil Desai will be elected unopposed. A formal announcement will be made after the last date for withdrawal on March 22.Kakade began preparations for the RS elections well over three months ago and had mobilized the 16 Independent legislators required for proposing his name. Kakade was also banking on 12 votes of the MNS. If an Independent legislator is to be believed, then MNS legislators had agreed to support Kakade.However, the political situation in the state changed after the outcome of the civic polls. In Nashik, though MNS emerged as the single largest party, it was not able to win the mayoral polls on its own. MNS then joined hands with the BJP, following NCP's decision to remain neutral, and the MNS nominee was elected mayor. \"Our information is that MNS then agreed to support the NCP nominee for the RS polls,\" an Independent legislator said.Kakade tried to play the 'sons of the soil' card, saying it would be wrong on part of the MNS to support the candidature of D P Tripathi, who is from New Delhi. Sensing trouble, NCP fielded Prakash Binsale and simultaneously, Pawar stepped in to persuade Kakade to withdraw his nomination.In view of his massive businesses in the state, particularly in the real estate and infrastructure sectors, it was not possible for Kakade to displease Pawar. \"Under such circumstances, Kakade had no option but to give up the fight,\" the legislator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348698", "title": "PCMC to pay defence dept Rs 8 crore for land transfer", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation will pay Rs 8 crore to the defence department for transfer of land required for a proposed road connecting with the two-tier flyover being constructed at Kasarwadi.Municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma said on Monday that the civic body needs a portion of the defence land near Vaiduvasti in Pimpale Gurav for the proposed Nashik Phata-Wakad Road.Sharma said that the PCMC would hand over the amount to the defence department before March 31 so that the road-widening work could begin immediately.Construction work of the two-tier Nashik Phata flyover is progressing as per schedule, civic officials said. Around 60% of the work has been completed so far. The flyover, being constructed at a massive cost of Rs 98 crore, is one of its kind in the district and perhaps in the state, say civic officials.An official added that the railways administration needs to shift a transmission line that is obstructing work on the flyover. This work is expected to start in three days, he said. The first floor of the flyover is scheduled to be completed by June-end, while work on the second floor will be completed by December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348662", "title": "Trademarks sought for SHG-made products", "text": "PUNE: Products made by women self-help groups (SHGs) will soon have a brand identity. The groups have decided to register trademarks for their home-made products with help from the urban community department of the Pune Municipal Corporation.Deputy municipal commissioner Dnyaneshwar Molak, who is heading the urban community department, said, \"The process of registering trademarks has been started by the civic body. The required documents will be collected and sent to the food and drug department. We will seek a green signal for going ahead with the registration process for food products manufactured by SHGs. We will approach the Controller General of Patents Designs and Trademarks which allots the trademarks.\"Pune district has close to 10,000 SHGs, of which nearly 8,000 are monitored by the urban community department. Most have been formed in slum areas which help women earn a livelihood. The products up for sale are home-made and include mid-day meals for municipal schools, papad, pickles, clothes and stitching of school uniforms.Molak said the trademarks will give an identity to the products made by SHGs. The process is expected to be completed in the next three months.\"This identity will help them compete with other brands in the market and bring various groups together. The allocation of trademarks will ensure quality of the products. Buyers prefer them while selecting food products. A trademark also helps market the products better.\"The goods are marketed during exhibitions in different part of the city and state. Recently, a permanent business centre was constructed on Sinhagad Road for SHGs which is run by nearly 40 SHGs. When the products have trademarks, they will be put up for sale at this centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12353663", "title": "AIADMK retains Sankarankoil assembly seat in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has retained the Sankarankoil (SC) assembly seat with its candidate S Muthuselvi winning by a huge margin of 68,757 votes. She polled 94,977 votes with her nearest rival Jawahar Surya Kumar securing 26,220 votes, special chief electoral officer D Raajendiran told TOI.T Sadan Thirumalai Kumar (MDMK) polled 20,678 votes, K Muthukumar (DMDK) got 12,144 votes and the BJP candidate L Murugan just 1,633 votes.Jubilant AIADMK cadres burst crackers at the AIADMK headquarters here. In a statement, chief minister and AIADMK general secretary J Jayalalithaa said the result is on expected lines. \"We knew we would win, it was just a question about the victory margin,\" she said.All losing candidates lost their deposits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "12348600", "title": "Poet Kavi Patil's statue unveiled in Ankleshwar", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: A statue of renowned Gujarati poet Maganbhai Bhudarbhai Patel alias 'Kavi Patil' was unveiled at Ankleshwar on his 42nd death anniversary on Sunday. The statue was unveiled by well-known litterateur Chinubhai Modi. \"Kavi Patil was a great ghazal writer and poet. His work is appreciated even today. He was a simple teacher but was a master of Sanskrit and Farsi languages. He died due to cancer in Vadodara. Though he was in a severe financial crisis, he refused royalty offered by a university which included his work in its curriculum,\" Modi said.Senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel recounted old memories of Kavi Patil and talked about his contribution to Gujarati literature.Bhupendra Shroff, chairman, the J N Petit Library, said, \"The library is celebrating its 125th anniversary this year. It is a matter of pride for us that the statue of Kavi Patil has been installed in our library.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348214", "title": "Change in mindset must for women empowerment: CM", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday said that an overall change in the society's mindset is needed to get the desired results in women empowerment and merely enacting laws and formulating schemes is not enough.Hooda, who was there at the inauguration of a two-day conference - Convergence For Empowerment Of Women - and the release of a booklet published by the state women empowerment mission, the Women and Child Development department. \"Empowering women is not just a responsibility, it must be adopted and implemented like a national mission and carried out with a missionary zeal as the objectives cannot be achieved without public involvement and participation,\" said the chief minister.Hooda said female foeticide must be condemned by one-and-all, and stressed women education. Highlighting the measures his government had taken to \"empower\" women, Hooda said, \"We have taken up several initiatives in this regard and the sex ratio has improved over the past five years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349233", "title": "Car dealers keep their fingers crossed", "text": "INDORE: Car dealers, especially those selling diesel variants, battling to keep up sales volume are now waiting with crossed fingers about the proposed hike in diesel prices to chalk out sales strategy. Sales of diesel cars have plummeted after talks about levy of diesel tax went around and the budget 2012 proposing a hike in excise duty from 2% to 12%.Car dealers said that already the uncertainty in the market has resulted in a drop in enquiries.However, the dealers of such cars are worried about the forthcoming hike in diesel prices. They feel that any increase in diesel prices will surely affect the sales of diesel cars and they apprehend that the people might shift to petrol cars in that case.Maruti Suzuki , has recently hiked prices on its four diesel variant passenger cars by about Rs 10,000.Pravin Patel, a city-based dealer of Maruti-Suzuki cars, said enquiries for diesel variant cars has come down at his showroom after the union budget. Any hike would spell disaster for the industry.Aditya Kasliwal, a local dealer for Hyundai cars which said, \"Though there is no impact on sale of diesel cars as of now, it will all depend on the forthcoming hike in diesel price\".Currently, the difference between the diesel and petrol prices stands at Rs 24. If the gap gets reduced further, then demand for petrol cars will shoot up, added Kasliwal. A clear picture will emerge during forthcoming the Gudi Padwa (which falls on 23 March) and Navratra, festivals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348871", "title": "Raja Bhaiya lands in age controversy", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP cabinet minister Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya is once again in the thick of a fresh controversy. This time it is about his age.As per the latest affidavit submitted with the Election Commission by Raja Bhaiya, his age is 38 that makes his year of birth as 1974. This, of course, can't be true considering the fact that Raja Bhaiya contested his first assembly elections in 1993 and emerged as a winner. It one considers 1974 to be his year of birth, he was barely 19 years of age when he stepped into the Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha for the first time, which was six years short of the mandatory age limit.While the newly sworn-in minister refused to talk to the press when intercepted by the media persons after the meeting convened by Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, the SP supremo came up to his defence. \"Who knows if it is handiwork of the political rivals? Why would anyone do something like this when it does not make any difference with regards to his membership of the state assembly as on date or his place in the cabinet of ministers,\" Mulayam said.Earlier, Raja Bhaiya had triggered a controversy when he figured in the newly constituted cabinet of ministers in Uttar Pradesh. The reason was the claims of SP state president and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav that no tainted individual will be made ministers in UP. Raja Bhaiya had, at one time, as many as 20 criminal cases pending against him. As on date, eight them are still pending trial in different courts. But, then Akhilesh came out in Raja Bhaiya's defence claiming that the criminal cases against Raja Bhaiya were politically motivated. \"Just go through the dates on which the cases were filed and the then dispensation in the state and the rest will be clear to everyone,\" Akhilesh said.Though officials of Election Commission say that Raja Bhaiya's candidature may not come under scrutiny presently, as there is nothing in his candidature that renders him disqualified. At best, police said, a criminal case can be filed against him for furnishing false information and the case be investigated to find out what went wrong and where, if anything at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352800", "title": "Abhay Deol to do a hardcore action film", "text": "Is the actor following the footsteps of his cousins Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol?We saw him indulge in adventure sports like sky-diving, running with the bulls and scuba-diving in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara . But Abhay Deol has never tried his hands at the conventional dishoom-dishoom action that Bollywood is known for. More so, he has kept away from action films despite coming from the Deol family who are typically known for their action image.However things are soon set to change. Apparently Abhay Deol is all set to do some hardcore action in Prakash Jha's upcoming film Chakravyuha . Sources associated with the film claim that the film has some heavy-duty action which will be mounted on a large canvas. And the youngest Deol seems really kicked about the idea of playing an action hero.However the actor doesn't seem to be carried away by the present trend of action films like Dabangg and Singham . \"Abhay isn't essentially working towards building an action image like his cousins Sunny Deol or Bobby Deol or other toppers in the industry. He is doing action because Chakravyuha is set in that particular genre\", says a source associated with the film.Thankfully we wouldn't lose out an actor to a hero!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12350862", "title": "Meghalaya seeks help to increase rice yield", "text": "SHILLONG: The state agriculture department has roped in the International Rice Research Institute to assist it to increase the production of rice in Meghalaya as there is a huge gap in the demand and supply of rice in the state.Stating that various measures have been initiated to augment production of rice, chief minister Mukul Sangma, who also holds the agriculture portfolio on Tuesday told the state assembly that efforts were being made to replace low-yielding varieties of paddy with high-yielding ones.The CM said efforts were being made to bring more area under rice cultivation as the state has very limited land suitable for rice cultivation due to the hilly terrain. To close the gap in demand and supply, which amounts to around 2 lakh metric tonnes, he said the state was receiving its share of rice through the public distribution system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12349799", "title": "Caring for the disabled: Jharkhand leads by example, states to follow suit", "text": "RANCHI: The mobile grievance redress system, adopted by the Jharkhand disability commissioner, will be implemented by all the states and Union Territories so that cases concerning disability are disposed of without delay. The office of the chief commissioner for people with disabilities at the Centre has written a letter to all commissioners and asked them to replicate the mobile grievance redress system of Jharkhand.The state has redressed more than 5,000 cases in the past three years through mobile courts in remote villages. Sources in the office of the state disability commission revealed that in the past three years (2008-11) 5,208 cases were registered through mobile courts and of these 5,139 were disposed of in a few days. Maximum cases, around 900, were registered on a single day in Giridih district.The cases were related to issuance of disability certificate, proper health check-up and reservation in educational institutions and government jobs. State disability commissioner Satish Chandra said in the past three years a total of 9,494 cases were registered and 9,053 have been disposed. Of these more than 62% cases were registered and disposed of through mobile courts. The rest were received at the regional offices in Dumka, Hazaribag, Jamtara, Ranchi and Bokaro.\"I am happy that the innovative concept of Jharkhand will now be replicated in other states and Union Territories,\" said Chandra. He revealed that after the office of the chief commissioner asked all the states and Union Territories to adopt the system, the commissioners from West Bengal and Karnataka have been in regular touch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349618", "title": "State seeks neighbours\u2019 help in fight against female foeticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government which has suspended registration of six doctors and registered 265 cases of Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act violation, the highest in the country so far, has now stepped up the battle against female foeticide after joining hands with the neighbouring states.The medical, health and family welfare department has written to all neighboring states including Haryana, Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and Punjab to extend help in keeping a check on female foeticide. The department has especially sought the help of principal health secretary, Gujarat, to monitor pregnant women from the state's Palanpur crossing over into Rajasthan.Principal health secretary B N Sharma said, \"We are concerned about the declining sex ratio in the state. We have to follow a multi-faceted strategy in which the NGOs and the state machinery are involved as it is a social problem. It is also inter-sectoral issues in which education, health, societies have their roles to play to improve the sex ratio. We gave written to neighboring states also for their support.\" He said the department has also sought the co-operation of Gujarat's health department in this regard.Sources said Palanpur in Gujarat, which borders Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat, received large number of pregnant women coming from these three states. Sonography machines are found in large numbers in Palanpur. Sources said the Rajasthan health department has hinted that the Gujarat health department should conduct decoy operations at sonography centres in Palanpur. Also, the state health department demanded that Gujarat government should sieze unregistered sonography machines in Palanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349117", "title": "Nitish to unveil books, documentaries on state\u2019s glory", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will release a number of books and documentaries on the state's past glory and present resurgence, at the inaugural function of Bihar Diwas celebrations at the Gandhi Maidan on March 22. \"The idea is to make the young generation aware of the renaissance and honour those who have contributed to the progress of the state,\" said a senior state official.The books include 'Aadhunik Bihar Ka Srijan 1858-2012' by historian V C P Chaudhary, 'History of Bihar' by Radhakrishna Chaudhary and 'Mere Sansmaran' by Anugrah Narayan Singh. The Hindi translation of 'Bihar Through The Ages', written by former Bihar governor R R Diwakar, along with photographs of historical and archaeological sites of the state will also be released besides a book and audio CD prepared by Hriday Narayan Jha on the importance of Maithili folk songs.The CM will also release a book on the folk art and craft written by theatre activist Shyam Sharma; two coffee table books 'Rediscovering Bihar' published by The Times of India group and 'Celebrating Bihar: The Charm of Champaran' of IPS officer Nishant Tiwary. Another audio CD on Bihari dance forms and plays, prepared by senior theatre artist Kunal, will also be unveiled.The documentaries to be released include a 45-minute docu 'Sunahare Dastaan Bihar Ki Bhoomi Se', directed by famous filmmaker Prakash Jha. The film will be screened at the Cinepolis at P&M; Mall and at the Gandhi Maidan during the Bihar Diwas celebrations.The other documentaries include the ones on Holi songs directed by Neetu Kumari under the banner of 'Sursangram Kala Sansthan'; on Maithili folk songs directed by Prashant Kumar; on archaeological sites of Bihar by Vijay Kumar Chaudhary and a 45-minute movie 'Ganga: Ateet Se Ab Tak' by Maati Films Limited.The chief minister will also honour Bihar anthem lyricist Satya Narayan and Bihar 'prarthana' song lyricist M R Chishti with the prize money of Rs one lakh each. Besides, several artists of the state will be honoured for their contribution to their respective fields. While the senior artists will be given Rs 35,000 each, the junior ones will get Rs 10,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349805", "title": "House passes demands for 248.81 crore", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa legislative assembly passed supplementary demands for grants of around 248.81 crores to be incurred on expenses on certain services upto March end this year.The Goa appropriation bill, 2012 seeking to provide for appropriation of certain sums from and out of the consolidated fund of the state, to meet the expenditure on certain services, was passed by voice vote. The bill was tabled by the chief minister Manohar Parrikar who also holds finance portfolio.A huge sum amounting to 150 crore was approved for electricity department. The sum is mainly for cost of supply of power from NTPC and other sources and for transmission and distribution of power supply.The assembly voted for around 58.41 crore for public works department and 20 crore for finance department. This is the second batch of supplementary demands for the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349193", "title": "Bring home their tweets", "text": "BANGALORE: The concrete city might have forced sparrows to take wing, but some Bangaloreans are sure trying to bring home the backyard birds.Having distributed over 100 bamboo nests in the last two years, Gandhi Krishi Vignan Kendra (GKVK) is constantly looking at ways to lure maximum number of sparrows. \"These bamboo nests failed to attract many. We are now working at designing our next set. These will be square shaped with a wooden plank on top, along with clean drinking water and food,\" said AK Chakravarthy, head of the department of entymology, GKVK.Sparrow corridors are being created to attract the birds in groups. Patches of vegetation are being made too. \"We are looking at turning areas into sparrow-friendly zones by making them free from electro-magnetic towers,\" Chakravarthy pointed out.\"I thought it would be a good idea to get home a nest. It has been quite a while since we sighted sparrows in our locality. Now, much to our surprise, these birds have started moving into our nests,\" said Vinayak Deshpande, resident of Padmanabhanagar. Vinayak placed a sparrow nest in his independent house a month ago.\"We decided to invest in a sparrow nest for our children. It hangs in our garden and we have customized it by adding a small basket filled with grains in it. The sparrow count is not too high but we have managed to bring back at least some birds,\" said Sunita Reddy, a resident of Banerghatta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12349888", "title": "HC directs state to withdraw all Uthapuram criminal cases", "text": "MADURAI: Disposing of a batch of petitions that came about as a result of caste divide at Uthapuram village, Madurai, the Madras high court bench here directed the state government to withdraw the criminal cases filed against the villagers belonging to the two communities as they had already reached an agreement between themselves after the district administration and police took effective steps for peace.Justice K Chandru directed the state to take a decision in this regard within eight weeks. The state was also asked to issue appropriate orders to the district administration to withdraw those cases. The judge also pointed out that the SP had suggested that steps would be taken to recommend the government to issue orders for withdrawal of various crime numbers after complying with all legal requirements.Uthapuram village shot into prominence when a wall running 600 feet was erected to divide the scheduled castes (SC) from the main village which forced them to take a detour of more than two-and-a-half km. The issue came to light only after the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front (TNUEF) released its survey on various casteist practices adopted by caste Hindus against scheduled castes. In Uthapuram, the SCs were not allowed to worship in the Muthalamman temple.When public opinion mounted against the caste wall, the state government helped demolish a portion of the brick wall and provided a thoroughfare onto the street of the main village on May 6, 2008. Irked by the move, caste Hindus held a counter protest and left the village en masse. This led to several unwanted incidents such as filing of criminal cases against both sides by the district police.On October 1, 2008, as a sequel to the demolition of the wall, more than 70 dalit houses were attacked. Ironically, the reprisal was on a day before the 139th birthday of Mahatma Gandhi, who had fought for the eradication of untouchability. Six writ petitions were filed in the Madurai bench, seeking various reliefs including providing adequate compensation to the affected . When the temple festival for Mariamman and Sathiya Muthalamman was conducted during August, 2009, once again there was a dispute between the two communities of the village.As per directions of the court, SP (Madurai Rural) Asra Garg filed a status report on the ongoing disputes between the scheduled caste people and the caste Hindus of Uthapuram village. Accordingly, subsequent to an agreement reached between the parties, the scheduled caste people were allowed to enter the temples to give their offerings on November 1, 2011. He stated that peace prevailed at the village after they mutually agreed to bury the past. Disposing of the petitions, Justice Chandru directed the district administration and the SP to take all steps to ensure peace and to implement the terms of settlement in letter and spirit so that the strife between the two sections would be a thing of the past.Concluding the judgement, Justice Chandru also commented, \"The Uthapuram experience shows that if the will of the people is strong, they can find solutions among themselves even in the absence of state intervention... Ultimately, the Uthapuram message is very clear. It was a case of a wall (caste) which divided but their will (power) united them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348468", "title": "Union minister suggests 'honourable' tourism", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay asked the Odisha government to strive for an \"honourable\" tourism in the state.To a media query on the likely impact of the abduction of two Italian nationals on tourism, the minister said on Tuesday, \"It is a very sensitive issue beyond tourism. I will not add more on that aspect since the government is already working on it. It is now time to ensure safe release of the abducted guests. However, efforts should be made by the state government to promote safe, honourable and sustainable tourism. The state should make this its agenda.\"The minister was interacting with mediapersons after inaugurating a five-day national festival on new creations in Odissi dance, organized by cultural organization Sankalp in which renowned Odissi dancers from across the country are participating.Sahay said such a tourism initiative will benefit rural areas the most. The government should focus on infrastructure development. Several people without holding any degree get employment in tourism and hospitality sector, he said, adding Odisha has huge tourism potential with its rich culture and places of religious interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348716", "title": "It\u2019s a stroke of fortune at Art Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: For those who thought Chennaiites seldom ventured beyond Carnatic concerts and Bharatanatyam recitals, here's news. Art Chennai not only drew admirers to artists, but also rang in good money for their works displayed during the 10-day festival.Sanjay Tulsyan, chief coordinator of the event, said almost 60% of the works had been sold. Among the famous works sold was Samar Singh Jodha's public art installation 'Discord.'\"Buyers were mostly individuals who are serious followers of art. Corporate buyers have still not started buying in a big way. Galleries here are, however, happy as greater sales have been reported this year,\" said Tulsyan.According to the organisers, there was great appreciation for public art projects this year. The works that were mostly in mixed mediums had price tags ranging from 10 lakh to 1 crore.Jodha, who sold his 'Discord' for an unspecified amount, said art had gone beyond its conventional frames and canvas. \"When it starts interacting with a layman and narrates his life, it gets new admirers. It is the subject that matters. The paint or frame or the material or even the resolution of a camera does not matter in the whole effort,\" said Jodha, who sold his public art project 'Discord' at Art Chennai. The buyer, he lets you in, is a Chennaiite.'Discord,' a series of seven cast concrete walls weighing 300 kg each, portrayed the life of construction labourers and migration in South Asian countries. \"It's going to be here in Chennai forever,\" said Jodha.Tulsyan said there was great response to new art and new mediums. About 35 artists from across the country had converged for 10 days, exhibiting more than 200 works at different places in the city.Public installations including the famous Ghost/ Transmemoir, an installation by Bose Krishnamachari and Akam Puram, and a multi-channel video by Riyas Komu were some of the attractions of Art Chennai this year. Organisers said the responses to public art projects prove the changing tastes of city residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348424", "title": "Navy\u2019s communication station hits roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian Navy's proposed communication station in the neighbouring Ranga Reddy district hit a roadblock due to hitches. As a result, the Navy has started scouting for land afresh at a new location after the earlier identified reserve forest land near Pudur was found unviable due to transmission lines passing through it and encroachments.Sources said naval officers are reportedly looking for alternate land near Naskal, also in RR district.A couple of years ago, the Indian Navy had decided to set up a very low frequency (VLF) communication station near the city, due to its strategic location, and keep tabs on Arabian Sea, Bay of Bengal and Indian Ocean. Also, Hyderabad was chosen as the location as several defence organisations have their institutions in the city and surrounding areas.Indian Navy Commodore (Signals) Capt Alok Khanojo and joint director of Design Chief Engineer Office of Indian Navy, TV Rao met the then Ranga Reddy district collector and sought land for the station. Initially they sought about 3,000 acres since huge extent of the land was not available in the area, officials identified about 2,700 acres reserve forest land in Pudur area. In the forest land, some assignees have been cultivating for decades. The district administration agreed to give about 1,400 acres land and even gram sabhas were conducted in Pudur and surrounding villages to get support as some assignees might lose land for providing civic infrastructure for the station.Since the land was being sought for defence purpose, the state government and the forest department readily agreed to give it. The 2,700 acres forest land was surveyed and demarcated for setting up the station. As some trees were to be removed to pave way for the communication station, the Indian Navy agreed to even pay Rs six crore to plant saplings.Official sources said the defence ministry had sanctioned about Rs 300 crore to set up the station in Pudur. However, when the Navy officials were about to take over possession of the land, they found that there were transmission lines near the land and encroachments had come up.When contacted, RR district law officer D Venugopal Rao said they sought a report from Pudur tahsildar on encroachments and temple land in the identified land and were waiting for a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12349910", "title": "Acoi blaze guts store, fast food joint", "text": "MAPUSA: A general store and its adjoining fast food centre at Acoi-Karaswada, Mapusa, were gutted in a fire in the wee hours of Tuesday. Losses are estimated at around 6 lakh.Mapusa fire officials said they received a call around 4.45am that Kiran general stores and Kiran fast food centre were on fire.Rushing to the spot, firefighters took an hour-and-a-half and two fire tenders to bring the fire under control.An adjacent house was saved from the blaze and firefighters estimated that the property they saved is worth 2 lakh.But the fire claimed most of both the shops, including three fridges, furniture, a mixer-grinder, utensils, and 12,000 in cash.\"We have estimated the total loss, including of the structures, to be around 6 lakh,\" said Mapusa fire station in-charge Dattaram Redkar. The cause of the blaze is yet to be ascertained, fire officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349038", "title": "Quit smoking, minister tells legislators", "text": "PATNA: State health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey on Tuesday advised legislators to give up the habit of smoking and chewing tobacco. The minister said in the Bihar Legislative Council that a large number of legislators smoke and chew tobacco products. Over 40% cancer patients die of mouth cancer, he added.Replying to a question of Binod Kumar Chaudhary (JD-U), the minister advised legislators to quit smoking and chewing tobacco in any form. Consumption of tobacco products is very harmful for health. One must quit tobacco to lead a disciplined lifestyle,\" he said. The minister said the government has launched cancer awareness programmes in six district hospitals.For the national tobacco prevention programme, the government is conducting projects on a pilot basis in Patna and Munger districts. The state government has already set up anti-tobacco cells in seven districts. Each cell is manned by a nodal officer. The government has also declared the Indian Public School in Vaishali and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Haveli Kharagpur, Munger, as a tobacco-free zone.Civil surgeons have been asked to put up display boards in the outpatient departments of the state hospitals with the slogan \"Choose life, not tobacco\", he said. Those found smoking at public places would be liable to pay a fine up to Rs 200, he added. The minister also said the government has no authentic data on cancerous elements in adulterated food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12353532", "title": "Assam ties up with Stanford University", "text": "GUWAHATI: \"Assam has tied up with Stanford University in the US for documenting the rich culture, traditional knowledge, customs and indigenous practices of various communities in the state,\" said Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, while inaugurating the Institute of Research and Documentation of Indigenous Studies (IRDIS).\"The institute has been conceived to carry out research and documentation on indigenous practices of ethnic and indigenous communities in the state. The tribal and indigenous communities of Assam are very rich in culture, customs, traditional knowledge and practices,\" he said.Gogoi added, \"All this needs to be researched and documented for posterity of the communities and IRDIS will go into multidisciplinary research in collaboration with Stanford University on documentation of the diverse ethnic and indigenous communities of the state, which will, in turn, empower the communities socially, economically and culturally.\"IRDIS and the Stanford University would work in close partnership for designing and implementing multidisciplinary research and documentation projects for the empowerment of the communities, and for preservation of their traditional and indigenous knowledge and practices.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348177", "title": "Tech-savvy Anti-Terrorist Squad 2.0 geared up to take on terror outfits", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It will have biometric access system and virtual firing range. With proper training areas, this is going to be the greenest building of Gujarat police. However, the most important question is, will the state anti-terrorist squad's (ATS) new headquarters give the agency the much-needed reboot to leave the reputation of fake encounters behind? The state police officials are optimistic.The current headquarters of ATS at Duffnala will change to SG Highway where the agency will be housed on a four-acre campus adjoining Nirma University. The campus has already been converted into complex of state-of-the-art buildings and training facilities. The office is slated to be inaugurated by the senior state politicians and police officials by the end of March or beginning of April.Manoj Sashidhar, the state ATS chief, told TOI that they had an opportunity to envision the shape of new-age ATS and thus they have also taken into consideration a number of factors keeping an eye on future requirements. \"The current buildings did not provide the privacy and efficiency required by the agency. As the buildings were not suited for further expansion, we floated the modernization plans that got accepted. The campus has three main blocks dedicated to operations, administration and training,\" he said.He added that the complex will also have virtual firing range and technical cell to gather intelligence from sources such as telephone and internet. \"Our emphasis is local-level capacity building in collaboration with special operations groups (SOGs) at district level so that in any emergency, they can be first line of defence. We have also raised a cadre of Chetak commandoes on the lines of special protection group (SPG) with whom we conducted a joint session last year,\" said Sashidhar.ATS officials added that the new premises has adopted a number of new technologies including all-wired offices to partially solar-powered offices. \"Technology has been integral part of the new-age terror fighting and we are making sure that it is used optimally. Work on exhaustive terrorists and modus operandi database is on. We are also intending to train various district and city police teams in fight against terror. Awareness about campaigns such as Operation Savdhaan will also get a boost,\" said a senior ATS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347919", "title": "Govt acted against over 160 NGOs in last three years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diversion of foreign contribution by NGOs is not limited to the 12 organizations whose cases were referred for probe recently. The muck, in fact, runs much deeper with official figures showing that the government has taken action against at least 160 voluntary bodies, including referring 24 cases to CBI and seven to different state police for investigation in the past three years.Besides, 70 NGOs have been prohibited from receiving foreign contribution and accounts of 30 others were frozen during 2007-10. Certain irregularities had been noticed in the case of another 35 NGOs who have been placed in 'prior permission' category for receiving foreign funds.Official figures, shared by the home ministry, show that over 21,500 organizations had received more than Rs 31,000 crore from countries like US, UK, Germany, Italy, Netherlands and others during the period.Sharing information on action taken against the NGOs for violating guidelines, minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran said in his written reply to a Parliament question in Lok Sabha on Tuesday, \"The government monitors the receipt and utilization of foreign contributions by any person in the country through the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act, 2010 and FCR Rules, 2011.\"Though the minister did not disclose where the funds were diverted and for what purpose, he had last week said that preliminary reports had suggested alleged misuse of foreign funds for opposing the setting up of a nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu.He had said that Rs 9,914.19 crore of foreign contribution was received by 21,365 NGOs in 2007-08, Rs 10,987.05 crore by 22,544 NGOs in 2008-09 and Rs 10,340.25 crore by 21,674 NGOs in 2009-10 even as a demand was raised by members in Parliament that the Centre should put in place a strong surveillance network to monitor inflow of foreign funds to such organizations and create a database in the interest of national security.MPs had raised the issue last week, referring to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's recent remark in an interview blaming US-based NGOs for whipping up anti-nuclear plant demonstrations in Tamil Nadu. The home ministry in February had referred two cases each to CBI and state police for probing the diversion of fund by four organizations, besides inquiring into accounts of 12 NGOs.Among the countries, US continues to be the biggest donor for Indian NGOs with Germany, UK, Italy and Netherlands occupying top slots. The funds come for various works relating to rural development, welfare of children, environmental programmes, AIDS awareness and construction and maintenance of schools and colleges.The home ministry's data shows that foreign contributions to voluntary organizations have come not just from rich and developed countries alone. Countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Zambia, Congo and others have also donated funds to different organizations.Foreign funds contributed by different countries is also being used for setting up religious schools, education of priests/preachers, religious functions and publication/distribution of religious literature among other activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352939", "title": "No Priyanka Chopra for Ram Charan Tej", "text": "While Ram Charan Tej's big ticket Bollywood debut is the talk of the town, news recently trickled in that actor Priyanka Chopra has been approached and signed on to play the lead opposite Charan in the remake of \"Zanjeer\".PC, says reports, has been signed on to reprise the role originally essayed by Jaya Bachchan in the original \"Zanjeer\". However director Apoorva Lakhia confirmed that the leading lady for the remake of the film has not been finalized yet. \"No. Priyanka has not been signed on to play the lead opposite Charan in \"Zanjeer\". We are still in talks with a few heroines,\" said Lakhia.Earlier too reports had suggested that actor Deepika Padukone has been approached to star opposite Charan in his Bollywood debut. Now, with PC and Dippy out of the picture, the hunt for the leading lady is still on.Meanwhile Charan is gearing up for the release of his upcoming Telugu flick, \"Racha\" which his creating quite a buzz. The actor is also working hard on his physique and Hindi diction for his Bollywood debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349157", "title": "Irfan shot Shehla at point blank range", "text": "BHOPAL: Sharpshooter Irfan, now in custody of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), had shot RTI activist Shehla Masood in her neck around 11.19 amkilling her on the spot outside her house in Koh-e-Fiza locality on August 16 last year.After investigations, it has now become clear that it was Irfan who fired at Shehla not Shanu Aulanga - the other shooter - as was believed. Both the shooters hailed from Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh, a top CBI official revealed on Tuesday.Another accused Tabish Khan - who was on Tuesday sent to CBI remand till March 26, rode the motorbike used in the crime.After killing the activist, Irfan handed over the firearm to Tabish.After Irfan killed Shehla from .314 fire arm, he passed on the information to local history-sheeter Saqib Ali alias Danger who, around 11.26 AM, passed on the information to Zaheda Pervez - the key conspirator of the killing. Zaheda later passed on the information to her close friend Saba Faruqui around 11.26 AM, officials said.The CBI has detailed log of these timings which they collected after going through 8.70 lakh records of the phone calls made from the tower concerned on August 16, they added.Investigators are yet to recover the firearm used in the killing. Besides, the CBI is trying hard to get the details of the Rs three lakh paid to the sharpshooters hired by Zaheda.The deal was struck for Rs five lakh but the killers were paid Rs 3 lakh and Irfan was demanding the remaining amount from Saqib who in turn demanded the same from Zaheda, before the mystery shrouding the death of Shehla was unravelled.Right now, Zaheda and her acquaintances Danger and Saba are in judicial remand while Irfan and Tabish are in CBI custody.Danger contacted his Kanpur based cousin Tabish who in turn contacted Irfan and Shanu to execute the murder. Shanu has been killed in gang war unrelated to Shehla murder case in Kanpur last year.Investigators are yet to recover the firearm used in the killing. Besides, the CBI is trying hard to get the details of the Rs 3lakh paid to the sharpshooters hired by Zaheda. The deal was struck for Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12350055", "title": "Two eve-teasers made to give written apology", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two eve-teasers who were caught and punished for passing lewd remarks at girl students of Allahabad University on Monday were summoned by the chief proctor on Tuesday.The chief proctor had seized the identity cards of these students, one of whom is a student of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, Lucknow, while the other is pursuing LLB from CMP. Their I-cards were returned on Tuesday after they submitted a written apology pleading not to repeat the same in future.Two girl students of AU had approached the chief proctor Mata Ambar Tewari on Monday at around 4pm and informed him that two youngsters standing near the Central Library were passing objectionable comments at the girls Taking a quick action on the complaint, the chief proctor went to the spot and nabbed the two eve-teasers. The police accompanying Prof Tewari punished the duo and confiscated their identity cards.They were asked to report to the office of the chief proctor on Tuesday and give a written apology. Prof Tewari said, \"The girl students of AU should understand that they are perfectly safe and they should report any case of eve teasing to the chief proctor or any of the team members of the Proctorial Board.\" Every student of AU should carry I-card, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350031", "title": "Debut directors impress", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a happy crowd of filmmakers, their family and friends at Smruti theatre on Tuesday where the short films were being screened in the competitive segment.A short film contest is a part of the ongoing 3rd International Film Festival. The five films screened today are among the 20 films that have been shortlisted from a total number of 35 entries.All the entries are films made by local filmmakers; a majority of them have wielded the camera to make a film for the first time. Though rich in content and creativity, the films could do with some technical polishing.Shivali Bhende, who watched the screenings with interest, described them as a brilliant effort. \"I liked the film 'Paati'. The director has handled the subject of a poor boy wanting to study very sensitively. The camera work and the expressions that he has been able to extract from the little actor belie the fact that both the director and the actor are doing it for the first time,\" she said.It is the level of experimentation which is holding good for these debut directors. Nikhil Lohe, whose three and a half minute film 'Endless' impressed the audience, said that such films are a result of a right mix of direction and editing. \"Endless is a visual story. There is no message here or any dialogues. I made it to highlight the special effects. Vishal Bagul, who has edited the film so brilliantly, used the cloning effect to get the impact,\" he said.What held the audience in thrall was a documentary on the rescue and release of a tigress by the forest officials. Made jointly by the forest department and Pancan, the 18-minute docudrama showcased the efforts that are made to preserve the tiger. In an open forum held after the screening the young directors explained in detail the concept behind their films and how they executed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353014", "title": "It's tough to find Jagathy Sreekumar's replacement: Lenin", "text": "With the recent road accident that put veteran actor Jagathy Sreekumar out of action, filmmakers are now in a fix to find a replacement for him in all the films that he was a part of.Director Lenin Rajendran joins the list of filmmakers who are now in a quandary over who to cast in place of Jagathy. In Lenin's Idavapathy, the veteran was set to play a double role. \"Jagathy is probably the most expressive and talented actor in Indian cinema and that is precisely the reason why he was chosen for the role,\" says the director, who has been in constant touch with the actor's doctors.On March 10, 2012, the actor was severely injured when his car rammed into a median on the road in Kozhikode (Calicut) while he was en route to the location of the film in Coorg, Karnataka. Incidentally, March 10 was supposed to be Jagathy's first day on Lenin's sets. \"We have already invested around Rs 50 lakh on this film. So it is important for us to find a replacement. But the tough part is finding a replacement for an actor of Jagathy's caliber.\" Idavapathy, which deals with story of exiled Tibetan monks, also stars Siddharth Lama of Yodha fame, Manisha Koirala and actress Urmila Unni's daughter Uthara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12349843", "title": "Pratima clarifies Chadda not part of Youth Congress", "text": "MARGAO: State Youth Congress chief Pratima Coutinho has, in a press statement clarified that Akhil Chaddha, who was arrested and later released by the Vasco police on Monday, is not associated with the Indian Youth Congress (IYC).\"As the president of the state Youth Congress and a woman, I condemn the alleged assault by Chaddha on the victim girl and fully sympathise with her, but Chaddha is not associated with the Indian Youth Congress. Chaddha was expelled from the Youth Congress in June 2009 for anti-organization activities. He has not been a member of the Congress part of IYC since,\" Coutinho said.Stating that nobody was above the law, Coutinho said, \"The law will take its own course.\"Akhil Chaddha was expelled from the Youth Congress in June 2009 for anti-organization activities. He has not been a member of the Congress since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350139", "title": "Nagpur University mistake may cost 70 MSc students a year", "text": "NAGPUR: Last Saturday, Nagpur University's Senate meeting witnessed uproarious scenes over the failure of NU bosses in opening student guidance-cum-counselling centres. Now, the lack of such centres has left a group of MSc students on the verge of losing an academic year. The students have alleged that NU officials, including Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane, misguided them through the entire process of filling exam forms.TOI had highlighted the issue many times, but the university administration had not acted. Though NU bosses led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal insisted that they had already opened such centres, this case exposes their lie.Over 70 MSc students of second year are in a quandary now since officials gave them wrong information about number of attempts and change in syllabus. As per Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, if new syllabus is introduced, ex-students are entitled to three attempts of old syllabus to clear the papers.The aggrieved students say that after getting an assurance from the COE they filled up the exam forms for the old syllabus in October, which was their fourth attempt. Now, just a month before the exam, NU has told them that they would have to appear for the papers as per new syllabus.The students were left shocked, as they don't even know the names of the subjects in the new syllabus. They protested but university officials are refusing to entertain their pleas, and instead making them run from pillar to post.On Monday, these students sought the VC's appointment at 3pm. However, they were forced to wait till 6.30pm and then Sapkal went away without discussing the matter with them since he had to catch a flight to Mumbai. The students then caught hold of COE and asked him to explain why he misguided them.Kane told them that one of the women clerks in exam section had misguided them, but he criticised the students for being ignorant about changes in the course content. \"Their course was changed in 2010 and as per rules they were provided with three attempts,\" he justified.NU mathematics dean KC Deshmukh said that though NU officials were right in their stand, they erred in providing improper guidance to students, which will now result in loss of their academic year.\"The NU clerk mistakenly accepted their forms, which should not have happened. But you can't blame the clerks for not being aware of rules,\" he said.Senate member Mohan Bajpayee who had forced opened the 'students guidance centre' on NU premises said this incident only justified his demand for more such centres. \"If NU bosses had taken this step earlier, not only these 70 students but thousands others would have benefited. At least now they should wake up and open guidance centres,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347878", "title": "MCD polls: 14 applications filed on Day 2", "text": "NEW DELHI: On day two of filing nominations for the upcoming municipal polls, the State Election Commission (Sec) received fourteen applications on Tuesday.A BSP candidate filed his nomination for the Dilshad Colony seat and a Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) candidate filed for Mukundpur, while 12 Independent candidates filed their nomination papers from Kalyanpuri, Kakraula, Bhalswa, Blajit Nagar, Roshanpura, Najafgarh, Pratap Vihar, Shakarpur, New Usmanpur, Chauhan Bangar and Bhati. Till now the state election commission has received 21 applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12348829", "title": "Charges against district panchayat council member", "text": "SALEM: Village panchayat ward member C Chinraj has registered a complaint with Salem collector K Maharapushanam, against district panchayat council member and advocate A B Manikandan in Salem on Monday. Both are AIADMK cadres.In his complaint, Chinraj accused Manikandan of land grab and issuing threats to his life. Chinraj stated that in 2007, 500 sq ft of land in Chamundi Nagar was gifted to his family by Nilavarapatty panchayat. When they built a compound wall, Chinraj alleged that Manikandan demolished the wall to trespass their land. When Chinraj registered a complaint with the Mallur police regarding this issue, no action was taken. Thus, he had approached the Salem Collector on February 20 this year. However, his dilemma was yet to be resolved.Meanwhile, on March 12, Manikandan's supporters threatened his life over phone. When contacted, Manikandan denied playing any part in the threatening phone call. \"Chinraj is making false allegations against me on the instigation of Parapatti K Sureshkumar who is in prison under the Goondas Act,\" said Manikandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12350122", "title": "New KDA vice-chairman, DM assume charge", "text": "KANPUR: The newly appointed district magistrate, M P Agarwal, assumed charge of his office at district collectorate on Tuesday. The district magistrate received guard of honour at the circuit house after which he met senior district officials. While addressing journalists at collectorate hall, DM Agarwal said the issues like traffic jams, availability of LPG cylinders, development of the city and maintaining law and order would be addressed on a priority basis.He also said that hooliganism of any kind would not be tolerated and those indulging in violence would be punished. Agarwal is pass-out of IIT-Kanpur and IAS official of 1997 batch. Meanwhile, Ram Mohan Yadav, new vice-chairman, Kanpur Development Authority ( KDA), also joined his office on Tuesday. While talking to journalists, Yadav said that the benefits of various developmental schemes run by the state government would be passed on to the locals of the city. The official admitted that the city's developmental works would be done on a priority and that too at a fast pace. He also said that in doing this task, help from Kanpur Nagar Nigam would be required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349736", "title": "Good road show for city in Mani\u2019s budget", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city is set for a major makeover with sufficient funds set aside in the budget for developing as many as 11 major stretches of roads. The budget laid a clear emphasis on developing roads leading to two major hospitals in the city. The Pallimukku-Nalumukku-Kannammoola-Medical College Road will be developed at a cost of Rs 18.1 crore. An amount of Rs 7.5 crore has been allocated to develop the stretch from Institute of Respiratory Medicines and Heart Diseases at Pulayanarkotta to Kerala Institute of Medical Science Hospital at Venpalavattom.Two other major stretches, Ulloor-Akkulam and PMG-Kannammoola roads have been allocated Rs 5.1 crore and Rs 23 crore respectively. The budget outlined a considerable sum for developing stretches that fall around Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, including Pattoor-PMG, Chakkai-Vattathoppu and Veli-Venpalavattom roads. Some of the relatively smaller but busy stretches like Prasanth Nagar Road near Peroorkada and Pothujanam Road near Kumarapuram will be developed at a cost of Rs 14.5 crore and Rs 15 crore respectively.The road that connects Sasthamangalam to Peroorkada via Pipinmoodu will also be developed disbursing Rs 1 crore. This road development has been a long-pending demand as the Peroorkada-Pipinmoodu stretch has been witnessing a heavy traffic flow. The stretch which houses a Kendriya Vidyala, the Special Armed Police camp, two government hospitals and various private offices has caused severe hardships to the commuters due to bad roads.Another major stretch that passes through Kundamankadavu, Malayinkeezh and Kattakkada will be developed at a cost of Rs 15 crore. Heavy traffic snarls along this area have troubled commuters over the years.The other major highlight of the road development will include the renovation of Vellayamabalam-Jawahar Nagar road, which houses several ministers' bungalows, the governor's residence and many other heritage buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12350078", "title": "\u2018Save sparrows for nature\u2019s balance\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: At a time when the population of sparrows is fast declining due to loss of their habitats, city-based bird lovers are striving hard to save them from extinction. On the occasion of World Sparrow Day on March 20, the bird watchers in the city urged people to contribute their bit in saving the little bird from getting extinct.Gita Randhawa, a bird lover, was excited to see a full flock of sparrows at Ganga Barrage on the eve of World Sparrows Day. \"Lot of people feed sparrows at Ganga Barrage which is very amazing because this shows that the awareness has increased among them towards the little bird. I am hopeful that the number of sparrows would increase if this trend continues,\" said Gita while talking to TOI. Captain Praveen Chopra, another bird lover, was of the view that in old houses, sparrows used to find some space to build their nests, but in the new pattern of architecture, it is not possible. This has reduced their numbers drastically.Chopra also said that people can contribute their bit in saving this tiny, beautiful creature so that its chirpy voice could be heard in the verandas and at perches. Gita said, \"People should keep bowls of water on the terrace and windows to save sparrows from dying due to thirst during peak summer season. Also people should sprinkle bajra in an open veranda to attract sparrows. These efforts can save this bird from getting extinct.\" It is worth mentioning here that increased use of pesticides in the fields, change in the pattern of buildings being made and gardens missing from the houses have become the main factors why the number of sparrows has declined sharply in the past few years.Also, the release of radiation from the mobile and the TV towers has also been a cause of death of sparrows. Meanwhile, on the occasion of World Sparrow Day, the authorities of Kanpur zoo had put up a photo exhibition on sparrows and other birds.The purpose of the exhibition was to inform visitors about sparrows and their ecological importance. Talking to TOI, K Praveen Rao, director, Kanpur zoo, expressed concern over the declining number of the little bird. Rao said there is a dire need to save sparrows from getting extinct. He said that if sparrows are not saved, the ecological balance would get disturbed as these birds feed on seeds and small insects and maintain the nature's balance. Rao also highlighted that the release of carbon monoxide from automobiles has also become a reason for the death of birds in large numbers. This needs to be curbed to save them, said Rao further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12349012", "title": "Monorail work to begin in 6 months", "text": "CHENNAI: Work on the proposed monorail project is expected start in six months time. The tenders for the project were opened on Monday. Eight companies have participated in the bidding process.Malaysian firm Scomi, Spain's Kafe India, Japan's Hitachi and some China companies have sent in their bids. These companies will be shortlisted by a Hyderabad-based consultant, Capital Fortunes Private Limited in two weeks.\"After this, a committee chaired by the transport minister will choose the contractor,\" said source from the Metropolitan Transport Corporation, the nodal agency for the project.Four corridors were identified for the first phase of the project. The corridors are Vandalur-Puzhal via Avadi (54km), Vandalur-Velachery via Tambaram East (23km), Poonamallee-Vadapalani via Valasarawakkam (16km), and Poonamallee-Kathipara via Porur (18km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348305", "title": "High court denies bail to IPS officer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday refused to grant bail to suspended IPS Vipul Agrawal in connection with the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case.On Decemeber 28, 2006, Tulsiram was allegedly killed in police custody after declaring that he escaped the police escort while on his way from Ahmedabad to Udaipur, where he was lodged in a central jail. He was aide of gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh and involved in the firing that had taken place at Popular Builders' office in Navrangpura in 2004.According to CBI, Tulsiram was the third person travelling with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi's and a witness to their abduction from Tandola.Hence he was eliminated by Gujarat and Rajasthan police. However, Agrawal, who was DSP of Banaskantha in 2006 was arrested by CID (crime) on charges of conspiracy.The high court denied bail to the cop after CBI contended that he could tamper with the evidence.Earlier, a sessions court in Daanta rejected his bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349137", "title": "Energy drinks do harm: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Young people- students to sports persons - preparing to beat tension about exams and competition, are increasingly turning towards energy drinks to remain focused and alert without realising its side effects. Experts say that these drinks can cause significant side effects that the users should be aware of.\"I drink it before every exam, and it keeps me awake. But once the exam is over, I'm dead tired,\" said a student looking at empty cans in his hostel room.Another student said, \"As exams are stressful and tension levels are high, it doesn't matter whether they (energy drinks) actually help or not. The fact that it makes me feel better, even if momentarily is good enough\". Both refused to be named, as they did not want their parents to realize how much they spend on it.\"Athletes and other sports person are my costumers. It's useful during consecutive trials,\" said a shop owner near the TT Nagar stadium.\"They'd be better if they eat healthy, drink lot of water and get good sleep,\" said Dr R C Sahu, head of the department of Psychiatry at Hamidia hospital, attached to Gandhi Medical College. \"Performance anxiety is very common but central nervous system stimulants enhance performance but cause more harm than benefit,\" he added.A typical energy drink primarily contains caffeine and Taurine - one 8.3-ounce can of a popular brand of energy drink contains 80 mg of caffeine. \"I've found having school students consuming the drink thinking it will make a difference. I don't know if it's because it relieves blood pressure and stress or anything else, but it certainly boosts sales.\"Students should avoid bad choices. While it may initially provide adrenaline for studying, this will be followed by a slump\", said Dr Sahu.Chaleo Yoovidhya , the man who introduced energy drink, died in Thailand on Saturday. Initially, the energy drinks were meant for truck drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348472", "title": "Shakespeare: Gujarat\u2019s thespian obsession", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the mid-19th century, early modern theatre groups formed by the Parsi community used to adapt Shakespearean works in Gujarati and Urdu. In fact, Shakespeare was first performed in India in Surat in 1852. 'The Taming of the Shrew' was adapted in Gujarati as 'Nathari firangan ne shi rite thekani aani' and a Parsi theatre company performed it.It was the performance of a Shakespearean drama that brought the nickname for the legendary Jaishankar 'Sundari'. Parsi theatre companies were making big profits by adapting Shakespeare and one such adaptation of 'Othello' was 'Saubhagya Sundari', in which Jaishankar performed the character of Desdemona. The performance was such a hit that he came to be identified as Sundari later.Besides Parsi theatres, Shakespeare caught the imagination of a prodigy from the Nayak community, which is known for its skills in the folk theatre form of Bhavai. Amrit Keshav Nayak's major contribution is the adaption of several Shakespearean plays in Urdu. 'Khun-e-Nahak' ('Hamlet'), 'Bazum-e-Fani' ('Romeo and Juliet'), 'Muriel-e-Shaque' ('A Winter's Tale'), 'Mitha Zahar' ('Cymbeline') and 'Shahid-e-Naaz' ('Measure for Measure') were performed by Nayak and proved to be huge hits then.Some other Shakespearean plays adapted in Gujarati and performed by Parsi theatre groups were 'Haar-Jeet' ('King Lear'), 'Bhool Bhulaiya' ('Twelfth Night'), 'Kali Nagin'('Antony and Cleopatra') and 'Gorakh Dhandha' ('The Comedy of Errors ). In his book, 'Indian Response to Shakespeare', Basavaraj Naikar writes that Parsi theatre did a lot to popularize Shakespearean plays. This, in fact, paved the way for cinema in India and nurtured some very talented artistes.In Gujarati theatre, there are many dramatists who performed Shakespearean plays in the 19th century like Dosabhai, Kaikasaru Kabaru and Ranchhod Udairam. There was also club called Shakespeare Natak Mandali in those days and it used to exclusively perform Shakespeare plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12352883", "title": "Norway custody row: Father denies reports of filing for separation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anurup Bhattacharya, father of the two children- Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) involved in a custody row in Norway, said there is no misunderstanding between him and his wife Sagarika.\"Any problems between us are created by the media. No plans to separate either,\" Bhattacharya said.Bhattacharya's clairification comes after the government today put on hold the visit of a senior external affairs ministry official to Norway in connection with the child custody case amid reports that there were differences between the parents.Media reports said Anurup Bhattacharya had filed for legal separation from his wife Sagarika. He has alleged that he was being repeatedly beaten by his wife. The children are currently in the care of Norway's Child Welfare Services. Two MEA officials were scheduled to hear the custody hearing of the children on March 23 in Stavanger.\"The government has tried its best to bring the children home so that they have a future in the country. But a new situation has developed.... we cannot interfere. The visit of a joint secretary (to Norway) has been postponed,\" minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur told reporters outside Parliament House . She said the government will look into the situation before taking the next step.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12350141", "title": "Congress man held for molesting stepdaughter", "text": "Thane: Thane city chief of the minority cell of Congress party was arrested by the Vartak Nagar police late on Monday following a complaint of alleged molestation by his 17-year-old stepdaughter.Anees Qureshi was accused by his stepdaughter of making inappropriate advances and showing her sexually explicit photographs and movies, allegedly recorded in his cell phone. She said she had been suffering in silence the physical advances made by him for over a year now.The girl decided to register a formal complaint to the police, resulting in Qureshi's arrest and subsequent bail, the police said.A similar case was reported at the Vartak Nagar police on Sunday when a 17-year-old girl, who is five months pregnant, complained that she had been raped by her 58-year-old father, who is an alcoholic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348870", "title": "Relatives of last two slain suspects coming", "text": "CHENNAI: The family members of two of the bank robbery suspects whose bodies remained to be claimed, are on their way from Bihar to Chennai, the city police have said. They are among the five men killed in a shootout with police in Velachery on February 23.A Chennai police team which had been camping in Bihar traced the relatives of the two men, now identified as J P Yadav of Fatwa district in Bihar and Navneet Kumar of a village near Patna in Bihar. \"The relatives are coming. As a judicial inquiry is being conducted, the bodies will be handed over to the family members after detailed examination of the claimants,\" the officer added.The three other men killed in the encounter were identified as Sujay Kumar Ray, Harish Kumar and Vinod Prasad, and their bodies were handed over to their family members by XIV Metropolitan Magistrate M Geetha Rani of Egmore court. Meanwhile, CB-CID officials are also probing the encounter killings following a direction from the National Human Rights Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352220", "title": "Ethiri Enn 3: Reality Bytes", "text": "Director Ramkumar is gearing up to shoot the final schedule of his Ethiri Enn 3 with Srikanth by the first week of April.\"We will be shooting in Chennai for about 20 days. Post which, we will be leaving abroad to shoot three songs,\" he informs. The film, touted to be a crime thriller, is about how a software professional gets framed for a bank robbery he didn't commit.\"The story is purely based on my imagination. But it's kind of creepy because some of the sequences we have shot has somehow happened in reality, like the bank robbery encounter that shook the city recently!\" he says.Ram reveals that Srikanth learnt the basics of Kung Fu for a stunt sequence. \"He trained in the martial art form for a few days before giving the final shot,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349494", "title": "Setback in rural health enhancement efforts", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government plans to give an extra fillip to rural health by opening more community health centres and primary health centres but the project has received a setback due to limited resources.The government implemented schemes which were publicized in a big way included chief minister's free medicine scheme and 104 ambulance service and they were announced in the state budget 2011-12, but the the scheme to open community health centres (CHC) and primary health centres (PHC) which were also part of the budget failed to take off properly.In the state budget, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had announced that the government would open 50 PHCs and 35 CHCs in the state during 2011-12. However, the government only managed to open 20 PHCs and 10 CHCs only. Under the rules, the medical, health and family welfare department has to open a CHC at an area having a population of one lakh, and a PHC for an area with 30,000 people.The department needs Rs 65 lakh to Rs 85 lakh for a PHC and Rs1.19 crore for a CHC to be constructed and prepared for treatment of the patients. PHCs provides preventive services, delivery facility, epidemic control and immunization and a doctor deployed. The CHC provides all specialist services as there are around six doctors at each CHC.But, the department claimed that the proposal of constructing CHCs and PHCs which were announced in the budget is in progress. \"The sanctions for all the PHCs and the CHCs have already been made,\" a department official said. The CHCs and the PHCs are the backbones of the health system in the rural areas. At each CHC, there are at least 30 beds and at each PHC there are at least six beds, which are useful in shouldering the burden of district hospitals and medical colleges.The official said to open a CHC or a PHC, there are many requirements which include civil work, equipment, nursing staff and doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12349119", "title": "Car dealers wait for diesel price hike to devise sales strategy", "text": "Car dealers, especially those selling diesel variants, battling to keep up sales volume are now waiting with crossed fingers about the proposed hike in diesel prices to chalk out sales strategy. Sales of diesel cars have plummeted after talks about levy of diesel tax went around and the budget 2012 proposing a hike in excise duty from 2% to 12%.Car dealers said that already the uncertainty in the market has resulted in a drop in enquiries. However, the dealers of such cars are worried about the forthcoming hike in diesel prices. They feel that any increase in diesel prices will surely affect the sales of diesel cars and they apprehend that the people might shift to petrol cars in that case.Maruti Suzuki , has recently hiked prices on its four diesel variant passenger cars by about Rs 10,000.Pravin Patel, a city-based dealer of Maruti-Suzuki cars, said enquiries for diesel variant cars has come down at his showroom after the union budget. Any hike would spell disaster for the industry.Aditya Kasliwal, a local dealer for Hyundai cars which said, \"Though there is no impact on sale of diesel cars as of now, it will all depend on the forthcoming hike in diesel price\".Currently, the difference between the diesel and petrol prices stands at Rs 24. If the gap gets reduced further, then demand for petrol cars will shoot up, added Kasliwal. A clear picture will emerge during forthcoming the Gudi Padwa (which falls on 23 March) and Navratra festivals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12352008", "title": "Elementary education witnesses negative trend", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 'quality' being relegated to the least priority areas, despite the budget of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) being doubled between 2009-10 and 2011-12 (Rs 26,169 crore to Rs 55,746 crore), the learning levels have been on constant decline among students. Moreover, even the percentage of schools actually receiving the grants has also declined in last three years in many states.The Planning Allocations Institutions Studies and Accountability ( PAISA) report on rural schools, released by Comptroller and Auditor General of India, Vinod Rai on Tuesday, focused on whether our schools are getting the money under SSA allocations, and how the schools have been spending the money and whether increased allocations have improved the outcomes.The findings of the survey conducted across 14,283 rural schools across India have indicated a disturbing trend of negative learning graph despite increased outlays in elementary education.While in 2009, 79% of classes I and II students were able to read letters, words and recognise number 1 to 9, it declined to 72% in 2011. Similarly while 56% of classes III and IV students were able to do subtraction in 2009, the number declined to 47% in 2011.Moreover, while 79% of students from classes I and II were able to recognise numbers 1 to 9, the numbers declined to 74% in 2011. Meanwhile, in 2009 64% students of classes III to V were able to read class I text. The same declined to 58% in 2011.Apart from the declining learning graph, the report also showed how the money received by schools are being spent under different heads. Interestingly, 'children' and 'quality' turned out to be the least prioritised area when it comes to spending of these grants.Children (textbooks, uniforms, transport provision, remedial teaching) received just 10% in 2011 down by 4% from that of 2010. Quality (innovation and learning enhancement programme) received a dismal 4% in 2011.Right from 2009, teachers (salaries, training, learning material and school development grant) continued to receive the largest share of SSA resources, followed by schools (civil works, maintenance). Teachers were allocated 44% of the SSA pie, down by 1% from that of 2009.SSA is the flagship programme of the Government of India for implementing the Right of Children for Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009.Five percentage of the SSA budget are set aside as school grants. So has all schools received all the three grants annually under SSA due to them? Based on 2010-11 figures of the 32 states surveyed, the percentage of schools receiving the grants declined in 14 states.Meghalaya has the worst figures with just 29.73% of its schools receiving their share of SSA grants followed by Tripura with 45.78%. But Daman and Diu is an exception with 100% schools receiving their dues, followed by Puducherry with 96.55% and Himachal Pradesh with 90.42%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349772", "title": "Retired teachers pass Parrikar, flunk Kamat", "text": "PANAJI: Members of the Discriminated Teachers' Forum met chief minister Manohar Parrikar seeking compensation for two years of lost service in 2001, when they were forced by a government decision to retire prematurely at age 58 instead of 60.Parrikar told the teachers that a budgetary provision has been made to meet their demands.On receiving the present chief minister's assurance, the teachers were highly critical of former chief minister Digambar Kamat's government \"for not fulfilling\" their demands and for filing \"false and fictitious cases\" against them.\"Parrikar listened to our grievances patiently and told us that the necessary provision has already been made in the budget to be announced on Wednesday,\" said Neves Rebello, president of the forum.He added that the new chief minister said the budgetary provision is in compliance with his manifesto where he had promised to find a solution to the problems faced by prematurely retired teachers.Rebello then said of the Digambar Kamat-led government, \"We had placed our demands before the earlier government too. But a solution to our problems was not forthcoming, despite our convincing everyone about the legitimacy of our problem.\"Claiming to have got \"mere lip service\", Rebello said, \"With no alternative we were forced to take to the streets on several occasions only to be arrested. False and fictitious complaints were filed against us with fabricated charges.\"Rebello said 1,019 teachers, all senior citizens, suffered losses in terms of increments, pension and other benefits due to the forced retirement.On earlier occasions too the teachers' forum has singled out Kamat as being responsible for its members' woes.Forum members had said in the past that they had received good response to their issue from the education minister, secretary, director, legal cell and even the state finance secretary. But the issue lay pending with Kamat, who was also the finance minister, from October 2009, said Rebello.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12347368", "title": "Cherie Blair to settle feud in Hiranandani family", "text": "MUMBAI: Sibling rivalry is not uncommon among business scions in India. But when the stakes are high and realty bites, its Cherie Blair who the Hiranandanis choose to play peacemaker. The wife of former British prime minister Tony Blair and a Queen's Counsel (QC), Blair is an arbitrator for a Rs 1,400-crore dispute in the developer's family. The other arbitrators are another QC and former Delhi high court Chief Justice A P Shah. The panel is expected to solve by June the scrap between brother and sister, who are both high-fliers in their own right.While son Darshan before turning 30 reportedly developed 23 Marina, the \"world's completed tallest residential towers\" in Dubai , daughter Priya Vandrewala sold her business process outsourcing company for $100 million in 2005 when she was not even 35. The scions are squabbling over the spoils of the family's massive real estate empire.The cracks in the relationship appeared three years ago when the London-based Priya, a chartered accountant by training, suspected that her brother and father were doing her out of her rightful share of profits by allegedly violating an agreement that was signed in 2006. The agreement pertained to Hirco PLC, which the Hiranandanis and Vandrevalas started in London and subsequently created a subsidiary, Hirco Developments Pvt Ltd, to develop large urban housing centres in India. Priya's case was that she and her husband, Cyrus Vandrevala, had raised the money for investments but contrary to their agreement, her father and brother continued to buy plots by involving other developers. The claim has been countered by both Hiranandani and Darshan.The 57-year-old Blair has her own identity as a leading QC in Britain. A barrister since 1976 and a law graduate from the London School of Economics , she specialises in public law, discrimination, European Community law, employment law, human rights mediation and arbitration. A legal services website describes her as \"an international arbitrator experienced in dealing with people from many cultures and all walks of life\". Last month, she joined the long list of high-profile names who sued Rupert Murdoch's group for alleged hacking of her phone by News of The World .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12348631", "title": "Traders seek CM\u2019s help to solve their problems", "text": "NOIDA: A day after hundreds of traders from the industrial sectors clashed with the police against the sealing drive of Noida Authority, a meeting was held to discuss their next step. Nearly 200 businessmen from sectors 9 and 10 handed over a memorandum for UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav appealing for a solution to their problem. The traders also formed a committee, which will engage in talks with the Noida Authority to make policy-level changes for them to operate out of the industrial sectors. Meanwhile, the police have lodged a case against 150 traders for disturbing peace and taking out a rally without permission.Chalking out their agenda to find solutions to problems being faced by about 1,000 industrial units that supply raw material to nearly 6,000 industries across 33 sectors of the city, the traders on Tuesday evening demanded that the state government and the Authority's senior officers address their grievances in a fair manner.\"We have handed a letter to the Uttar Pradesh Udyog Vyapar Mandal representative and hope to get relief from the CM,\" said Ravish Dixit, president of the Janata Shed Association.The traders also alleged that the Noida Authority was being partial and had on paper already changed the land use of some \"shops\" in the E, F and G blocks of sector 9. \"Why is the Authority acting in this biased way?\" asked said Naveen Gupta, an iron and steel trader from sector 9.The traders, in an attempt to put across their demand of converting land use from industrial to mixed use before the Authority, have also formed a core committee which will meet the Authority officials to find an even ground. \"Once the new officials take charge in Noida, we will request them to grant us an audience and we will try to find a solution to our problems,\" said another trader from sector 10.The traders alleged that the industrial pockets of the city had not been planned properly as there was no provision for commercial activity, like supply of raw material to existing industries.Meanwhile, the Allahabad High Court is scheduled to hear the objections filed by the traders to the notices issued by the Authority on March 23. The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association had on March 2 filed a petition seeking a stay on the Authority's sealing drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "12349211", "title": "Mukhiya\u2019s brother gatecrashes, \u2018marries\u2019 someone else\u2019s bride", "text": "MADHEPURA: The strong-arm tactics of a 'mukhiya pati' have done it again. A man's prospective 'wife' was literally snatched from the 'mandap' at village Jeevachhpur under the Bhimpur police station in Supaul district on Sunday.Sources said the bridegroom, Santosh, from village Jahada in Nepal, came to tie the nuptial knot with Fagu Mukhiya's daughter Rita Kumari at village Jeevachhpur. All the mandatory marriage rituals were performed and he also took 'saat phere' with her bride-to-be. But, when he was putting vermilion in the bride's parting of hair around 3 am, the muscle-flexing local 'mukhiya-pati Ramesh Kumar , also a ward member, appeared on the scene and ordered his brother-in-law Sanjit Kumar to put vermilion on Rita's head. The brother in-law followed Ramesh's order and then walked away with the bride. Ramesh's brother in-law is already married, has children and hails from Kamalpur in Khagaria district.However, the bridegroom found another match the next morning. The groom from Nepal tied the nuptial knot with Babita Kumari, daughter of Harideo Mukhiya of nearby Belaganj on Monday. Supaul SP Vinod Kumar said on Tuesday the police were never approached in this regard. No one has even lodged any FIR, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348825", "title": "Cops swelter as diversions, heat make duty tougher", "text": "CHENNAI: The mercury is fast rising even as new traffic diversions are being introduced in the city, but traffic policemen have been left to swelter in the heat with little protection from the sun or the dust kicked up by extra vehicles on crowded roads.However, some relief may be at hand. Top police officers have decided to order that 100 barricades with shelters be set up at vital traffic spots in the city. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora says the barricades should be in place by the end of the month.However, traffic policemen say little has been done so far to help them. They have urged senior officers to give them periodic breaks.\"It is next to impossible to stand at the same signal for more than half an hour because of the heat and dust from the ongoing metro rail work. We cannot take a break because if a senior officer passes by and sees that we are away, we will be taken to task,\" says a constable on Anna Salai.For traffic personnel on Kamarajar Salai along Marina Beach, summer means bigger crowds and extra working hours. \"During summer, the crowds are larger in the evening, adding to our stress,\" says a 52-year-old sub-inspector who did not want to be named. After 30 years in the force, he says, he is now put through more pressure than ever before like other officers of his rank.\"Constables only need to do two four-hour shifts,\" he adds, \"But we have to put in at least 12 hours and we are constantly on the road. The salty wind from the beach makes us tired faster.\"\"The policemen will soon move from their peak caps hats to cooler pith hats,\" Arora says. \"We have already instructed them to use the pith hats to beat the heat. It is up to the individual to wear whichever hat he finds comfortable.\"The khaki pith hats are light as they are made of cardboard and they have larger rims to prevent direct sunlight from hitting the face of the policeman wearing them.The 'solar hats' are made of coir pith with thermocol padding and pores for ventilation and are designed to reduce sweating. \"These hats are definitely helpful. But apart from this, there are no other summer concessions,\" said the SI at Marina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12351531", "title": "SC rejects govt's review plea in Vodafone case", "text": "MUMBAI: India's Supreme Court reaffirmed its earlier dismissal of a $2.2 billion tax claim on Vodafone Group Plc after the government last month petitioned it to reconsider its decision.A panel of judges comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar rejected a government plea to review the court's January decision to dismiss a tax claim on Newbury , England-based Vodafone's 2007 purchase of Hutchison Whampoa Ltd's India operations, the court master said citing the chief justice.The dismissal comes after Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee last week in his annual budget speech proposed an amendment in the law that will enable the government to retrospectively tax cross-border transactions. Once the government makes the change in the law, it could petition the nation's top court again, Dinesh Kanabar, deputy chief executive officer at KPMG's India operations, said.\"The law provides that once the amendment is done, they will override any judgments of the court,\" said Kanabar. \"Vodafone would, obviously, need to prepare for something like that.\"Vodafone and Hutchison conducted their transaction offshore, with Vodafone's Dutch subsidiary, Vodafone International Holdings BV, acquiring CGP Ltd, a Cayman Islands company controlled by Hong Kong-based Hutchison.'Unambiguous'\"The Supreme Court's clear and unambiguous ruling, based on the existing laws of India, reiterates that the Indian tax authority does not have the jurisdiction to tax the transaction,\" Vodafone said in an e-mailed statement. Vodafone rose 2.1 per cent to 170.80 pence in London . India's Supreme Court on Jan. 20 ruled the government can't seek capital gains tax from Vodafone because the transaction occurred between foreign companies.The court also directed the government to return a 25 billion-rupee ($495 million) deposit Vodafone made on the contested tax bill, plus 4 percent interest.The government will immediately return the deposit made by Vodafone, a finance ministry official told reporters in New Delhi yesterday, asking not to identified before a public announcement.The government on Feb. 17 filed a petition to review the Supreme Court's decision, seeking to overturn the January ruling. The Indian tax department sought 112.2 billion rupees in capital gains levy from Vodafone, saying the company should have withheld the tax from its payment to Hutchison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352882", "title": "Oracle on SAP's database plan: They must be on drugs", "text": "Larry Ellison has made Hewlett-Packard its No. 1 enemy the last couple of years. But a brewing battle in software had Oracle's CEO taking shots at his old SAP rival Hasso Plattner.During Oracle's quarterly conference call with Wall Street analysts, Ellison unloaded on SAP and its co-founder, Plattner. The German software maker is betting big on data-analysis software called Hana that SAP plans to position against Oracle's market-leading database.Ellison told analysts: \"They must be on drugs.\"He went on to say that \"it will never even begin to compete with the Oracle database.\" Hana lacks data security and recovery features that make Oracle the go-to choice for storing corporate information, he said. \"They'll never make it that far down the road.\"Ellison hasn't been shy about criticizing Plattner in the past, having made fun of his \"wild Einstein hair\" and saying he dressed like a Left Bank artist. Plattner, for his part, once mooned Ellison during a sailboat race.Plattner conceptualized Hana -- it originally stood for \"Hasso's new architecture\" -- and tapped Chief Technology Officer Vishal Sikka to develop it. Plattner also recorded a must-be-seen-to-be-believed video to promote it. SAP plans an April 10 event in San Francisco to talk it up even more.Sikka says Hana can replace traditional database software running alongside SAP's business applications in the future. Ellison wasn't having it.\"I don't believe SAP is equipped to compete with us in the database business,\" Ellison said. \"This is arguably our core competence.\" The rivalry between Ellison, 67, and Plattner, 68, goes way back. In the '90s, the companies were competing to replace mainframes with client-server systems. Today the battleground is cloud computing: SAP also plans to use Hana to improve the performance of its online applications, Sikka says.\"Oracle said they don't see SAP Hana as a threat, yet they spent nearly 10 minutes of a 43-minute call talking about it,\" Scott Behles, a spokesman for SAP, said in an email. \"Actions speak louder than words.\"The Ellison-Plattner feud is kicking into gear again.-- By Aaron Ricadela", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349731", "title": "Bahrain Air starts four flights from capital city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Bahrain Air which was operating out of Kochi and Kozhikode for the past four years has extended its services to Thiruvananthapuram with four flights a week.The airline is likely to introduce daily flights during the summer months, said Bahrain Air's CEO Richard Nuttall, who was in Thiruvananthapuram to announce the airline's expansion plans.Bahrain Air has been trying to bag the Thiruvananthapuram sector for years.The Kerala sector constitutes 80% of Bahrain Air's India operations. Out of the 21 weekly flights to India, 17 fly to Kerala.Nuttall who was on the first flight from Bahrain that arrived here on Friday said: \"It was fully booked, the return flight has 75% passenger capacity. This is remarkable considering that the bookings opened only 10 days ago. Bahrain Air is now positioning itself as a premium value carrier with two-class service.\"The flight leaves Bahrain at 9.25pm (Bahrain time) and arrives at the Trivandrum International Airport at 4.15am. The return flight leaves Thiruvananthapuram at 5am and arrives at 7.30am (Bahrain time).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349273", "title": "Desert winds bring dust, haze to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites woke up to a dusty haze over the city on Tuesday, with southwesterly air currents carrying dust all the way from the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East, and reducing visibility to 1,000 metres.Met officials said the haze would clear substantially on Wednesday as wind speed is expected to pick up over the next two days. Temperature, both maximum and minimum, is also likely to fall by 3-4 degrees.Due to the cover of dust, the maximum temperature on Tuesday dropped slightly although the afternoon seemed to be very hot. B P Yadav, director IMD, said southwesterly winds had brought in dust to large parts of northwest India including Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana and Punjab.\"Such winds normally accompany a western disturbance which at present is located over the western Himalayan region. High temperature also favours haze formation as hot air tends to lift, spreading the dust in a larger area. Wind speeds over northwest India were not high which is why the dust settled over the region,\" said B P Yadav, director IMD.Yadav said the weather is expected to change from Wednesday with a change in the wind direction. \"Stronger and cooler northerly winds will start blowing over the region . These will take away most of the dust and also bring down the temperature,\" he said.Met officials pointed out that the haze was due to a dust plume and was not a dust storm. \"A dust storm is caused by winds blowing near the ground. The winds that have brought the dust are blowing 5.8 km above sea level . The large scale dust plume caused visibility to fall from 11.30am when it suddenly fell from 3,000m to 1,000m. Cities like Jaipur and Ludhiana had visibility of 500-800 m in the morning hours. While this phenomenon is normal, it has happened a little early this year,\" said R K Jenamani, director in charge, IGI Met.On Tuesday, the maximum temperature came down from Monday's 37 degrees to 34.5 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. The minimum temperature rose slightly under the influence of the haze to settle at 21 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal.The sudden change in weather and heavy presence of particulate matters in the air had people suffering from respiratory problems and allergies running for cover. Asthma patients, particularly children and the elderly, remained confined to their rooms.\"I could not breathe properly,\" said Seema Sheokand, an asthma patient. She remained indoors mostly during the day and kept the inhaler and medicines handy in case of emergency.\"The pollutants in the air result in inflammation of airways, thereby, blocking it. Children and the elderly stand a high chance of suffering an asthma attack or a serious episode of bronchitis. One should be careful in such weather and always carry necessary medicines,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350412", "title": "Oxford V-C moots Net exchange plan", "text": "Mumbai: Andrew Hamilton, vice-chancellor of Oxford University, met the management of St Xavier's College to discuss possibilities of internet-based exchange programmes.The institutes discussed the option of having an internet-based exchanged programme. \"Oxford university students rarely wish to leave the campus for an exchange programme during the term. Hence, we are examining the option of an online exchange programme,\" said Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of Xavier's College.\"Two groups of students can share notes on similar subject interests through Skype or video conferencing. Oxford university is interested in the research we conduct in our botany department,\" he added. Hamilton met students from various colleges and addressed their queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352211", "title": "Haripriya's Puducherry tales", "text": "For actress Haripriya, this week is quite memorable. The Vallakottai girl got to take a little working holiday as she headed to Puducherry to shoot for an ad.\"I'm shooting for a jewellery advertisement,\" Haripriya says, \"I am loving it as I get to stay in a beautiful resort with a view of the sea. It is a breathtaking site and I simply love the seaside.\"The Muran actress is also happy because she has finally managed to get a little break from her hectic shooting schedule, albeit she's still working. The actress has been rather busy lately as she's been shooting for two Kannada films, which includes one of the much-awaited films Sagar with actor Prajwal Devaraj, and her debut Malayalam film opposite veteran actor Jayaram.The actress, who has been missing from the Kollywood screens for a while, says that she is waiting for the right script in Tamil films and doesn't want to sign just another project for the heck of it. With her hands full in all four south Indian languages, Haripriya is one busy bee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348892", "title": "Frame policy on agro industries: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav directed the officials to ensure that promises made to farmers in the Samajwadi Party's poll manifesto are fulfilled.At a meeting held, chief minister, asked officials to prepare and submit a policy for developing agriculture-based industries in a month's time and stressed that his government would not neglect the interest of farmers at any cost. He ordered an inquiry into irregularities in computerisation of district cooperative banks, besides an immediate probe into the functioning of land development bank.Directing for timely procurement of foodgrains, the chief minister expressed concern that farmers were not getting the right price for their produce and asked the Mandi Parishad to ensure that farmers do not suffer on this count.He also asked for ensuring timely availability of seeds and fertilisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348539", "title": "Reliance arm told to pay Rs 400 cr fine", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Southern Power Distribution Company of Andhra Pradesh (APSPDCL) has issued termination notice to Coastal Andhra Power Limited (CAPL) for 'abandoning' the construction of the 4,000 MW Ultra Mega Power Project at Krishnapatnam in Nellore district.In the notice to CAPL - that is owned by Reliance Power - issued five days ago - the APSPDCL, which is the main procurer of the power from the Krishnapatnam power project, demanded payment of penalty of Rs 400 crore for its failure to adhere to the power purchase agreement (PPA) norms. The notice has been issued on behalf of all the four southern states. \"We have issued the notice to Coastal Andhra Power and are awaiting a response,\" APSPDCL chairman and MD K Vidyasagar Reddy told TOI. The notice (No 73/12) was issued on March 15, 2012.The four states had executed the power purchase agreement (PPA) with CAPL, a subsidiary of Reliance Power, on March 23, 2007. As per the PPA, AP will get 1600 MW power as its share, and the other three states 800 MW each from the power generated by the ultra mega power project. As the successful bidder, the company issued the Letter of Intent and the tariff for the project was subsequently adopted by the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission in its order dated 25-1-2008.In 2011, the company revised the UMPP capacity and reduced it to 3960 MW stating that it was going in for a change of design. The same was approved by the regulatory commission on January 24, 2011. However, CAPL stopped the construction work on the power project in June 2011 demanding a review of the tariff. In response, all the four states convened a meeting in Hyderabad in July last year to resolve the issue.\"In view of the defaults and anticipatory breach, having no alternative, the procurers together decided to terminate the agreement which shall come into effect from 7th day of receipt of this notice. However, without prejudice to the rights of the procurers to claim appropriate amount of damages and restoration of land etc, fastens the seller's liability of payment of Rs 400 crore to the procurers within one week as per Article 3.3.2 of the PPA,\" the notice served by APSPDCL on CAPL said. We have received the notice and we are going to challenge this in a court of law, said CAPL sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349482", "title": "Jewellers\u2019 strike enters 4th day, business collapses in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Gems and jewellery establishments in the state remained closed for the fourth day in the state as part of the nationwide protest against the proposed hike in excise duty on import of gold and the imposition of one per cent excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery. The strike, called by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation ( AIGFTF) and the All India Sarafa Association, would also continue on Wednesday. Though the business establishments would be opened for business on Thursday, jewellers would still continue their protest by wearing black bands.\"The impact of the strike is tremendous as the business has completely collapsed. Orders worth crores of rupees are pending and it would take some time to cover the losses,'' said Subhash Gupta, president of the Rajasthan Sarafa Association. He said following the talks with the Union finance minister on Monday, the jewellers are hopeful that the excise duty on non-branded gold jewellery would be rolled back.According to Rajesh Dhamani, secretary, Jaipur Jewellers' Association, the hike in excise duty on gold is impractical. \"In four months, the excise duty has been raised from one per cent to four per cent. This will have a bad impact on the domestic market and there are several customers who would opt to buy gold from Dubai or Hong Kong rather than from the local market,'' Dhamani said.Business to the tune of over Rs 600 crore in the state has been affected by the strike. More than 3,000 shops and establishments have remained closed since Saturday as a mark of protest. Representatives from the industry are likely to meet the chief minister and hand over a memorandum. Meanwhile, jewellers continued to hold protests at Badi Chaupar and on Wednesday they will take out a candle march at Badi Chaupar.The worst hit by the strike are the artisans in the state, most of whom are daily wagers. In Jaipur alone, more than 2.5 lakh families work as labourers in the gems and jewellery industry and with no work orders for the past five days, the labourers are going through a tough time. \"I have a team of 12 artisans who polish rough gems but the orders are taken on a daily basis. The entire market is suffering but we have little choice as the proposed excise duty is impractical,'' says Rafiq, an artisan from Ramganj in the Walled City area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349154", "title": "Congress did not plan to go in for the kill", "text": "BANGALORE: Though the D V Sadananda Gowda-led BJP government appeared shaky, opposition parties were not thinking about moving a no-confidence motion. On Tuesday, of the total 120 BJP members, only 34 MLAs and 14 ministers attended the assembly. Opposition members sought a discussion on the absence of BJP MLAs.\"If their infighting continues and a chunk of MLAs abstain, the budget will be defeated. The government will fall. Where's the need to move a no-confidence motion?'' said Congress leader G Parameshwara.Even if former CM BS Yeddyurappa and his supporters had abstained on Wednesday, the CM, who is also the finance minister, wouldn't have had a problem presenting the budget. At best, the opposition parties would not have allow the CM to read the budget document.However, opposition parties could have had their way during the passage of the budget by voting against it. If Yeddyurappa and his supporters were to abstain, the Finance Bill would be defeated and the government would collapse.For the government, there is no problem utilizing money up to March 31, as the 2011-12 budget allows for receipts and expenditure up to the last day of March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12343080", "title": "I am not looking at making a career in Sandalwood: Mammootty", "text": "... says Mammootty, in response to queries about whether he made the right choice for his Sandalwood debut...When Malayalam superstar Mammootty signed up for his first ever Kannada film (a bilingual with a Malayalam version) it evoked a lot of curiosity. At the time, the actor said that he was sold on director Abhay Simha's vision for the film. But in the time since the film's Mollywood release, Mammootty has been at the receiving end of brickbats from critics, prompting him to say that he did the film only because of the money that was being offered to him.Most notably, critics said that it was near impossible to relate to the actor as a \"young, unmarried software engineer\", as depicted in a portion of the film. \"Even today, people say that I look young and good. I don't say that. Then what is wrong if I play the role of a younger person?\" asks the actor and adds, \"These reviews are a part of a concerted effort to target me. If you see the film, you will notice that at no point does the character claim to be young. There are lines to that effect. Also, is it uncommon for a software engineer to be 35 or 40 and remain unmarried? People have either not seen the film or have not understood it, and hence the negative media.\"But that doesn't mean that the film has had a great run in Kerala. Mammootty admits that the Malayalam version has its flaws. \"The problem is that the film is steeped in Kannada culture,\" says the actor. Moreover, he adds, it is not typical masala movie fare, and he prefers to call it \"class cinema\". \"The commercial aspect comes when people watch it in the theatre,\" he asserts. So, was it then the right choice as a debut vehicle in Sandalwood? \"I'm not looking at it as a debut. I've been in the film industry long enough. I have 'zero' market in Kannada and am not looking at making a career in Sandalwood. But Kannada has been lucky for me. I played a Kannadiga in Vidheyan and Chattambinadu - the former got me my second National Award and the latter was a hit. I hope that luck works for this film too. I don't know why the producer had faith in me. Now he has to face his fate,\" says Mammootty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12350087", "title": "Court notice to six cops for non-compliance", "text": "KANPUR: The specially constituted dacoit-infested area court of Ramabai Nagar on Tuesday issued a notice to station officer of Shivli police station and asked him to appear in person before the court on March 24 and explain why a legal action be not taken against him for non-compliance of court order.The presiding officer passed the order when he was hearing a criminal case. Advocate Avinash Katiyar had filed a complaint under section 156 (3) CrPC in 2009 against six cops including two sub-inspectors. One of the SI was Shiv Shankar.The police had registered a case under sections 147, 323, 504, 506, 394 IPC on January 21, 2010. Since then, the police station neither sent any report nor submitted the final report.The complainant sought information under RTI Act and he was informed on March 31, 2010, that investigation had been completed and a final report had been sent to the court. But since then, two years had passed and court had not received any final report.The court on March 1, 2012, had ordered the station officer to send a detail report point wise on the application of complainant by March 10. The court, thereafter, gave two more opportunities to the station officer of Shivli police station to submit the report but the cops did not submit the final report in the court.The presiding judge took the non-compliance seriously and issued a notice to the Shivli police station officer and said that on the fixed date, he should be present in the court and explain why he had not complied with the court order and submitted the report in time, failing which a legal action would be initiated against him.The complainant sought information under RTI Act and he was informed on March 31, 2010, that investigation had been completed and a final report had been sent to the court. But since then, two years had passed and court had not received any final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12352312", "title": "Goa tourism minister dies of cardiac arrest", "text": "PANAJI: Goa tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha died after a massive attack at around 3.30 am on Wednesday.Matanhy Saldanha, who was also a tourism minister in the Manohar Parrikar-led government after being elected for the first time in 2002, was rushed to a nearby city hospital after he complained of chest pain.He had attended the assembly session earlier in the day and rushed to Canacona, the southernmost taluka to attend the Shigmo festival celebrations. But efforts to save him proved futile. He was 64.Saldanha, who had joined BJP recently and was elected on the party ticket from Cortalim, was sworn in as minister in the Manohar Parrikar government on March 9, 2012.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar was set to present the budget in the Goa assembly today. After the new government was installed, the first session had commenced on Monday, March 19, 2012 and all MLAs had taken the oath of office in the 40-member House.Saldhana was better known as an activist and environmentalist. He had participated in several agitations in the state, including the traditional fishermen's struggle against mechanized fishing, a move to seek diversion of Konkan railway route through the state's hinterland and other environmental issues.He was a teacher by profession and also the founder and chairman of the National Fish Workers' Forum , general secretary of Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott, and member of International Collective of Fish Workers and other organizations.Saldanha was one of the five ministers in the Parrikar cabinet. The BJP had secured 21 seats on its own in the March 3, 2012 assembly elections while Congress was relegated to second place with nine seats, while independents cornered five, Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party three and Goa Vika Party two.Parrikar has announced the postponed the presentation of the budget to Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349902", "title": "Opposition opts out of Corporation of the City of Panaji committees", "text": "PANAJI: Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) mayor Vaidehi Naik constituted four out of five civic body committees on Tuesday morning.The opposition panel refused to be part of the committees as they were not taken into confidence while selecting councilors from the opposition for representation on the committees.Naik constituted the CCP standing committee, public works committee, health and market committee and the women and child welfare. The only one not constituted was the gardens and parks committee.Opposition leader Rudresh Chodankar had an heated argument with Naik that the opposition panel should have been given the opportunity to forward names for representation on the committee.Naik replied that they could submit names before the council and put it to vote. This was opposed by the opposition members.\"Last time, we gave you a choice to select two names from your panel and I request you to follow the same,\" Chodankar said. \"No one from the opposition would like to be on the CCP committees if you don't let us select our members,\" he added. Bento Lorena, opposition councilor, whose name was selected for the woman and child welfare committee, refused to be a member.The standing committee members are Vaidehi Naik, Tony Rodrigues, Surendra Furtado, Carolina Po and Maya Talkar. Public work committee members are Shubhada Dhond, Nivedita Chopdekar, Pratima Hoble, Ratnakar Fatarpekar, Shekhar Degvekar, Sheetal Naik and Shweta Lotlikar. Health and market committee members are Vaidehi Naik, Tony Rodrigues, Diksha Mayenkar, Ratnakar Fatarpekar, Shekhar Degvekar, Bharati Heble and Sheetal Naik. Woman and child welfare committee members are Bharati Heble, Maya Talkar, Nivedita Chopdekar, Shubhada Dhond, Pratima Hoble and Ruth Furtado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348350", "title": "Bomb hoax at Kankaria lake", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Saaman aa gaya hai, aaj to Kankaria ko uda denge,\" was a sentence heard by a passer-by near Anupam cinema that sent the city police in a tizzy on Tuesday. Officials strengthened the security arrangements around the lake for the whole day.According to Maninagar police officials, a man identified as Mukesh Shrivastav, called upon the city control room on Tuesday morning. As per his call, he was standing near Anupam Cinema when he overheard a group of three youths talking about blowing up the lake. He immediately got their descriptions and also noted down number of a black Bajaj Pulsar bike and called the control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352187", "title": "Priyamani says no to a Khan", "text": "It was just recently that controversial actor and reality television star, Kamaal R Khan, tweeted asking Priyamani to act in a film with him.The actress, who is back from her shoot schedule in Spain, says she's not read his message nor interested in looking at it. Kamaal messaged Priyamani on his microblogging site, \"\"@priyamani6 can you send me number of your manager. I want you to do my film #Deshdrohi2 Abu Salim. You will play role of Monica Bedi.\"The actress, who is quite active online, seemed oblivious to this entire development. When contacted she said, \"No, I haven't read this message.\" Asked if she would be responding to him, she negated it by saying, \"No, I wouldn't.\"Priyamani, who has previously acted in two Hindi films, Raavan and Raktha Charitra, is slated to return to Bollywood and is said to be part of a Riteish Deshmukh film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350023", "title": "Two women done to death", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bodies of two women, who have been identified as Usha Rani, 40, and her daughter-in-law Poonam, 20, were recovered from their home in Shaheed Bhagat Singh area on Tuesday afternoon.Senior police officers and forensic teams collected fingerprints and evidence. Sources said that the victims and their family had been living in Ludhiana for long.Usha's husband Ram Lakhan is a rickshaw puller while Poonam's husband Rahul Verma worked as a labourer. Reports said that the murder came to light when Usha's mother-in-law Bimla Devi came home. She noticed a blood-stained bat lying near the bodies and informed the neighbours and then the police. Ram Lakhan said the women were declared brought dead at a hospital. SHO of Sarabha Nagar Brij Mohan said they suspected a rivalry behind the murders. ''We expect the involvement of Usha's brother-in-law Arun Kumar as he is absconding,\" the SHO said.He said, ''Arun's son had been living with Ram Lakhan's family due to Arun's bad habits. The two families developed strained relations with one another. Arun probably reached the house asking for his son and after a scuffle, he killed the two women.\" A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352581", "title": "Song directors for Salman Khan", "text": "If at all proof was needed that nobody on the sets of Dabangg 2 is missing Abhinav Kashyap, here it is.While shooting for the sequel has already begun earlier this month, Arbaaz Khan has effortlessly slipped into the director's chair, assisted in no small measure by brother Salman, who has become co-director on location, almost.Apparently, Arbaaz is in perfect control of every department with leading lady Sonakshi and the rest of the cast looking toward both Arbaaz and Salman for approval after every shot. And now we hear, Salman's old friends-the director duo of Vinay Sapru and Radhika Rao-is being roped in to direct the film's songs.What's more, the two of them, who are currently busy directing their feature film I Love New York starring Sunny Deol and Kangna Ranaut , have left behind their schedule to shoot the first song of Dabangg 2 on March 27.Vinay and Radhika go back a long way with Salman. They were the ones to direct Lucky: No Time for Love starring Salman in the lead. One of the reasons the film is remembered is the lilting Lata Mangeshkar-Adnan Sami duet, Ek ajnabee sa ehsaas dil ko sataaye. Seems the romantic number that Vinay and Radhika will now shoot with Salman and Sonakshi for Dabangg 2 takes a cue from this memorable track.When contacted, Sapru confirmed the news saying, \"Yes, Radhika and me are shooting some songs for Dabangg 2, the first one next week. We've always considered Salman an architect of our careers. And if he asks us to something, we don't think twice.\"Meanwhile, the only such time before this when a special twosome was cast to direct a film's songs was when Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Farah Khan directed the songs of Vidhu Vinod Chopra's 1942: A love Story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349777", "title": "For Goa, 6,000 crore is a matter of life and debt", "text": "PORVORIM: The public debt of Goa is showing an increasing trend and has gone beyond 6000 crore, the comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG) has observed.From 2002 to 2010, the public debt has registered an annual compound growth rate of 16.22%. The total public debt of the state as on March 31 2010 was 6077.33 crores as per the CAG report which was presented in the Goa assembly on Tuesday.The major component of the public debt is central loan which is around 56% of the state's public debt.A related issue that is dogging every government in the last ten years is the fiscal deficit. Analysts say that public debt and fiscal deficit are two issues on the mind of the chief minister Manohar Parrikar who will present the Goa budget on Wednesday for the financial year 2012-13.CAG report says that the fiscal deficit has increased from 690.27 crores to Rs 707.28 crores till March 2011.In the financial analysis of the state, the CAG has pointed out how the revenue receipts of the state through its own tax revenue have jumped almost five times over the last ten years. In 2001-2002, when Manohar Parrikar headed a coalition government, the state's own tax revenue from sales tax, excise and other sources was 569.90 crores. This figure reached 2544.26 crore last year.The excise revenue went up by three times from 46.13 crore in 2001-12 to 147 crore last year.On the other hand, revenue expenditure too jumped from 1159.1 crore in 2001-02 to 5233.43 crores last year. The expenditure is more on social services which account for around 41% of the total allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12349835", "title": "Violators will be dealt with an iron hand: Cabral", "text": "MARGAO: The mining-ravaged constituency of Curchorem is represented in the new state's legislative assembly by a mining professional. A diploma holder in mining and mines survey, 39-year-old Nilesh Cabral is also in the mining transportation business in a big way. However, Cabral has assured that when it comes to dealing with the irregularities in mining transportation, the interest of the society will prevail over his personal gains.Speaking to TOI, Cabral said that regulating mining traffic would be his utmost priority. \"I have definite plans of streamlining the mining traffic. I will be holding a meeting with the senior officials of the police and transport department shortly to discuss plans for effectively regulating mining traffic. The traffic police will have a free hand in dealing with the violators of traffic and transportation rules. You will see the results soon,\" Cabral said.The Curchorem legislator derives his confidence from the fact that he has acquired formal training in mining and mining survey. \"As I have a thorough knowledge of the trade, nobody can bluff me just like that. I will ensure that violators are dealt with an iron hand. In order to reduce traffic snarls created by mining trucks, I will ensure that certain restrictions are imposed with regards to loading of the trucks in the mines,\" Cabral said.Asked to comment on apprehensions in the people's minds about his sincerity in streamlining mining traffic given that he himself has high stakes in mining transportation, Cabral stressed that his personal and business interests would never come in the way of discharging his duties as a legislator. \"I have been given the mandate by my constituents to represent them in the assembly. People have elected me...they have reposed faith in me with the hope that I will solve the problems of mining transportation. I will live up to their expectations,\" Cabral said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has already assured of completing the Ugeum-Guddemol-Capxem mining bypass road within 30 months of the BJP coming to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12353446", "title": "Adarsh scam: CBI arrests former Major General", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has arrested retired Major General A R Kumar and detained another former Army officer in connection with the Adarsh Housing Society scam.The arrest came hours after the agency apprehended four accused, including a retired brigadier and a former bureaucrat, in connection with the case.Kumar, ex-general officer commanding (GOC) Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat Area, was picked up by CBI sleuths yesterday from his residence in Hyderabad and produced before a court for transit remand to Mumbai, official sources said.According to CBI, Kumar, while holding the post of GOC, fraudulently and illegally issued a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the collector of Mumbai for development of a residential building on the plot.Kumar's son was allotted a flat in the plush 31-storey building in return of the favour, the agency alleged.CBI yesterday arrested four accused - former defence estates officer and secretary of Adarsh R C Thakur, retired brigadier M M Wanchoo and former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, both chief promoters of the society and former deputy secretary of state Urban Development Department P V Deshmukh.The arrests were made following scathing remarks from the Bombay High Court for failure to initiate action against the accused despite having prima facie evidence against them.According to sources, another Major General (retired) T K Kaul had been detained and was likely to be arrested in connection with the case.The CBI had taken six arrest warrants on Monday from the court.Wanchoo, Thakur and Deshmukh have been brought to court for remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352232", "title": "Vijay moves out of his comfort zone!", "text": "His tunes in Kandaen, especially the catchy Unnai Kanndene... number, are still a rage among Kollywood music listeners. And now, music composer Vijay Ebenezer is betting big on the tunes of his upcoming flick Masala Cafe to strike a chord with audiences.The Sundar C-directed flick, which is close to completion, will most likely have its music launch in the first week of April. So, what's special about the music here?\"Well, it's made me move away from my core strength - romance - and come up with some numbers for the masses as well,\" he starts off, \"Sundar C was very cooperative as a filmmaker and urged me to explore the subject musically.\"Apart from a couple of romantic tunes, of which Angelina... is already much talked-about, the music composer has tuned some mass numbers that will be in sync with the situations in the movie as well. Is actor Vimal crooning a song in the film, as some reports suggested a while back? \"No, he did practice for the song, but due to time constraints, we could not record the final version with him,\" he says.He further adds, \"We have recorded the final version of that number with Amitabh Narayan, who bagged top honours at a reality singing competition.\" This number, Imsai..., has lyrics that highlights the hero's description of girls and love failure among other things. \"Isn't that the current trend,\" asks Vijay with a wink.One filmmaker who he'd like to work with in the future is Gautham Menon , who appreciated him for the tunes in Kandaen and supported him. \"He (Gautham) understands music a lot and gets the best of the tunes from whichever composer he works with,\" he says, \"That's why I was thrilled when I heard that maestro Ilaiyaraaja, whose work I love, was composing for the director's next film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348473", "title": "Home guard thrashed by constable", "text": "HYDERABAD: A home guard found himself at the receiving end for violating traffic rules on Tuesday. A police constable posted at the Secunderabad railway station outpost lost his cool and thrashed the traffic home guard for riding in the wrong direction and giving false information about his credentials.Constable Chandrasekhar of Gopalapuram PS intercepted the home guard's vehicle when Rao was trying to enter the station through the 'Out Gate' while talking over phone. Initially, the home guard told Chandrasekhar that he was a constable and when the latter asked him to show his identity card, he revealed his actual designation.An argument broke out between the duo and, in a fit of rage, Chandrasekhar attacked the home guard with his cane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12348900", "title": "SP workers beat up taxi driver to death in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: In a fresh incident of high-handedness of Samajwadi Party (SP) cadre in UP, a young taxi driver was allegedly beaten to death on Tuesday by SP workers for refusing to cough up extortion money in Bhaunti, some 35 kilometres from the Industrial City.Though police maintained that 18-year-old Ankit Yadav, a resident of Sujanpur Sajeti, had ended his life in embarrassment after being beaten publicly by SP worker Prashant Tiwari alias Parul, his family members said he was killed in cold blood by the accused and his aides.The family claimed that Ankit was beaten and strangled by Parul and his henchmen. But police, on the basis of 'suicide note' reportedly recovered from victim's possession, maintained that he hanged himself.According to reports, Ankit was thrashed by SP \"zila sachiv\" (district secretary) Parul when he refused to cough up Rs 300 for parking his vehicle near Tiwari's dhaba on National Highway-2 near Bhaunti.The victim's family members said that Ankit had gone to Bhaunti under Sajeti police station limits on Tuesday morning on a booking. While on his way back, he parked his vehicle near Tiwari's roadside dhaba on the NH-2 when Parul reportedly asked for Rs 300 as parking money from the youngster. When Ankit refused to oblige, Parul and his henchmen attacked him with sticks in full public view.A profusely bleeding Ankit, who also sustained injuries on the head, was later rushed to the local hospital where he was declared brought dead upon arrival.SP (crime) Ashfaque Ahmed told TOI: \"As soon as the news of Ankit's death spread, his family members and locals gathered at the spot and after placing the body on the National Highway-2, started creating ruckus. Even as the police could arrive, the crowd damaged a number of vehicles parked there and torched Tiwari's dhaba and some other shops adjacent to it. We had to resort to a mild use of force to disperse the mob.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348650", "title": "Bakery blast trial to be held twice a week", "text": "PUNE: The trial in the German Bakery bomb blast will be held twice a week starting March 31. The prosecution will file a list of witnesses on the same day.Senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainath Shaikh, representing the alleged conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, admitted 35 injury certificates of victims who received injuries in the blast. This means the victims and doctors will not be cross examined for proving the injuries received. The court has exhibited the certificates.The defence decided to admit the certificates because some foreigners who were injured in the blast are not in India and most of the victims have received simple injuries that do not go against Baig.The blast had killed 17 people and injured 65 at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010.Meanwhile, the judge has granted permission to Baig for root canal treatment either at the jail hospital or Sassoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12350847", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party stages walkout over \u2018blank budget\u2019", "text": "SHILLONG: The opposition NCP staged a walk-out of the assembly on Tuesday in protest of the \"blank\" budget presented by chief minister Mukul Sangma and demanding the CM, who also holds the finance portfolio, to re-table the budget.Leader of Opposition Conrad K Sangma raised questions over the blank pages which appeared in the amount allocation section of the Budget 2012-13, demanding of the CM to re-present the Budget with a complete figure.\"There was no money allotted to the Garo Hills region while portions of the demand on grants for the year 2012-13 for Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills region were blank,\" Conrad said. The demand on grant, posted for each district, regionwise, reflects the amount of money allocated for these districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348786", "title": "\u2018Criminal act has virtually thrown safety of women in city out of gear'", "text": "PUNE: The rape and murder of 22-year-old BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhari on the night of November 1 in 2007, had jeopardised the safety of women working in night shifts in business product outsourcing (BPO) units in the city, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar said in his judgment on Tuesday.Her murderers, cab driver Purshottam Borate (30) and his friend Pradeep Kokade (24), of Dehu Road, were sentenced to death on charges of criminal conspiracy and murder on Tuesday.They were also handed life imprisonment on charges of rape and kidnapping and further sentenced to two years for misappropriating the victim's property like her jewellery, purse, and cellphone. The judgment read, \"Pune is nearly getting the status of a metropolitan city and an IT hub. It has been jeopardized due to a crime of such intensity, gravity and magnitude committed by the accused. The impact of the criminal act of the accused has virtually thrown safety and security of women in the city out of gear.\"It added that women are the backbone of any economy and important in shaping the country's future.\"Women in this era are participating in the process of economic development of the country on an equal footing. The Factories Act, 1948 is now amended to allow women to work in night shifts. Better pay and demand for jobs are the reasons why women are working in night shifts,\" it said.Quoting a research conducted by Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industries of India ( ASSOCHAM) sponsored by National Commission for Women, judge Badar said, \"It is found that 40 per cent women are working in BPOs in night shifts. One assumption of their families is that despite strange working hours, their daughters will be safe because the company will take care of them.\"The judgment quoted the 2005 rape and murder of Hewlett Packard India employee Pratibha Murthy and how the situation in the BPO sectors in Bangalore was of fear after the incident. The judge was of the view that in the era of equal opportunities,women can get respect in society if working in night shift ensures their safety.\"Such crimes create a negative impact and deter them from seeking employment in lucrative sector due to gender discriminating act of sexual offences. Convicts Borate and Kokade are perpetrators of a cold-blooded and spine-chilling crime of rape and murder which was meticulously planned. There is no probability that the accused can be reformed or rehabilitated,\" he observed. Judge Badar said, \"Both the accused have committed the crime neither under duress nor on provocation and an innocent, helpless young life was snuffed out brutally after she was raped. She had complete faith in the driver, Borate, but he had betrayed her confidence and took advantage of her being alone for satisfaction of their carnal desire.\"\"The accused used a shaving blade for slashing her wrists twice and her dupatta for strangulating her,and smashed her head with a big rock.The post-mortem report shows that she died a violent death. The accused left no stone unturned in the commission of the murder to see that she died a painful death,\" the judgment added.The behaviour of the accused was cool, they did not show repentance and picked up another employee in their cab after committing the murder. Their past conduct shows that they had taken precautions to see that their heinous acts should not come to surface and they did not have any regret, the judgment stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12351424", "title": "High Court asks for SDM's inquiry report in Ruchika case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the Chandigarh administration to submit the inquiry report conducted by the then SDM (south) Chandigarh, Prerna Puri into Ruchika's expulsion from Sacred heart school as well as action taken report (ATR) of the administration.While issuing the directions, a division bench comprising Justice S S Saron and Justice Muttaci Jeyapaul asked the counsel for the administration to submit both the reports by April 19, when the matter would come up for further hearing. Ruchika, a budding tennis player was expelled from school in September 1990 for \"indiscipline,\" following her allegation that she was molested by Rathore.In her inquiry that was conducted in January 2010, Prerna Puri had found the school guilty of arbitrarily expelling Ruchika almost a month after her molestation at the behest of her molester and former DGP, who was then inspector general (IG) with the Haryana police. The inquiry conducted by the SDM had also found that late fee payment was not a satisfactory reason for expelling Ruchika, as out of the 17 cases of late fee in 1990, eight students had paid their fee after Ruchika did, but no action was taken against them.The matter had reached the Punjab and Haryana high court in January 2010 after conviction of Ruchika's molester S P S Rathore. In this public interest litigation , a local lawyer Ranjan Lakhanpal had sought directions to take action against all those officials who sided with Rathore and enabled the trial to continue for 19 years and to investigate the school's alleged role in driving Ruchika to commit suicide following her molestation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12349988", "title": "Allahabad University teachers threaten stir over promotion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The issue of promotion from the date of eligibility of a large numbers of teachers, including lecturers and readers of the Allahabad University, has once again hogged the limelight. A number of teachers, who had been fighting for promotion benefits from the date of eligibility of their promotions, have now threatened to launch as agitation if their demand was not met at the earliest.The teachers have started a signature campaign in support of their demand and threatened to stage demonstrations, including hunger strike, to muster support for their demand and pressurize the authorities to give them their \"due rights\".They have also threatened that if the varsity administration does not grant them their dues before the recruitment of teachers against vacant posts, they will launch an all-out protest. The exact course of the protest would, however, be decided after the affected teachers meet the vice-chancellor. A memorandum, addressed to the V-C regarding their demands, has already been given to the varsity authorities.In the memorandum, the teachers have pointed out that almost two years ago the highest decision-making body of University, the Executive Council, had decided to grant promotion benefits from the date of eligibility for promotions carried out under the Career Advancement Scheme (CAS).\"Since then, we have been pleading before the University authorities to implement the decision but nothing has been done. Oblivious to our plight, the University invited applications for CAS promotions and also advertised the cadre posts. Without eligibility decision, many amongst us were deprived of the opportunity to apply against cadre positions. The same holds true for application against CAS promotion. The apathy of the University administration towards us is apparent by the fact that the designation of assistant and associate professor has not been given,\" president of the Allahabad University Teachers Association ( AUTA) Prof G C Tripathi told TOI.\"It is indeed very strange that a provision of the promotion rules, which was routinely being implemented in all the State and Central Universities, has been overlooked in AU. Though we were promoted under CAS in 2003-04, the benefit of promotion from the date of eligibility was not granted to us. Thus, our careers have suffered not just in AU but we have also lost out to others in terms of career opportunities elsewhere, both within the country and abroad,\" the teachers have stated in the memorandum.As a result, we have a university with a demoralized young faculty and stunted research and development, the memo added.The teachers have even pointed out that though the existing professors have very little at stake regarding decision on eligibility issue, senior lecturers and readers are losing both in terms of emoluments and next promotion owing to the delay in the matter of granting promotion benefits from the date of eligibility.The 150-odd affected teachers have also requested the V-C to demarcate and separate the list of assistant and associate professors from that of professors, and issue necessary instructions so that the issue of deciding date of eligibility was completed in a time-bound manner latest by March 31. This is important keeping in view that the Executive Council had set January 31 as the deadline for the concerned committee to decide the matter. However, it did not materialize as one of the committee members resigned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352541", "title": "What\u2019s the big deal?", "text": "Saregama insists on holding rights of songs in their original and remixed avatarsThis could come as a shock to producers interested in remixes of yesteryear hits. No longer will they be able to acquire remix rights simply by coughing up amounts fixed on rate cards of music companies. As producer Vashu Bhagnani and director Sajid Khan learnt----the hard way----when they approached Saregama for remix rights of Bappi Lahiri's music in the 1978 blockbuster Himmatwala, only to be told by the music company that they would get the original copyrights only if they surrendered their music rights to Saregama HMV.Apparently, Sajid, who is directing the remake of Himmatwala for Vashu, with Ajay Devgn as leading man, desperately wanted two of Bappida's tracks from the original film: Naino mein sapna and Taki re taki and was left with no other option but to accept Saregama's ultimatum.It is true. After snappy remixes of classic numbers like Dum maro Dum and Apni to Jaise Taise, Saregama, which owns the copyrights of a majority of such evergreen songs, will henceforth insist on holding the rights of the songs both in their original and remixed avatars.Confirming the development, Apurv Nagpal, CEO, Saregama, said, \"Yes, we now insist on retaining the rights of the original and the remix. We prefer to buy out the entire rights of an album containing a Saregama remix. Recently, when director Samir Karnik wanted to do a remix of the title track of Chandni for his film Chaar Din Ki Chandni, we acquired the entire music rights of Karnik's film.\"Regarding the Himmatwala episode, he said, \"Yes, Vashu and Sajid came to us for the remix rights. As per our rules, they're welcome to use whichever songs they like as long as we have the remix rights,\" making it a point to add, \"We learnt the hard way that it is important to make sure that our classics are not misused or don't go into the wrong hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349646", "title": "State\u2019s budget preparations in full swing", "text": "JAIPUR: The annual budget of the government of Rajasthan which is to be announced on 26th March by chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who also holds the portfolio of finance department, is getting prepared with officials from more than 60 departments of state involved in its preparation.\"The budget preparation involves a series of meetings within and between departments which starts from the month of August. A detailed circular with guidelines on how to calculate the department expenditures and revenues, and their assessment for the next financial year is issued to each department by the finance department in month of August every year,\" said a senior official of the finance department.Based on these guidelines the budget controlling officer of each department takes feedback from field officers and prepares a preliminary report. The administrative heads (secretary, principal secretary or additional chief secretary) along with the head of departments (commissioners) review these feedbacks and submit final reports to the finance department by mid of October.Once the report is submitted, a budget financial committee consists of HoD's and administrative heads engage in one-on-one discussions with finance department in the month of November.After non-plan meetings, discussion on a plan budget starts where the new policies and budget outlays are chalked out. These discussions continue till the end of the January.Simultaneously, the government also takes feedback and suggestions from industry bodies, trade associations, NGO's etc. Finance department also reaches out to accountant general, tax consultants and directorate of treasuries and accountants ( DTA) to get the fiscal situation of economy.After receiving feedbacks and suggestions on revenues, expenditures, plans and policies from each department, the finance department prepares the budget. Based on data gathered, money available with the government and discussions held with each department, the finance department allocates funds. The formal writing of budget starts from the month of February. The first draft of the budget is presented to the finance minister and undergoes various changes.Once the budget is approved by the finance ministry it goes for publication at the government printing press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348844", "title": "Rahmankhera stray tiger shouldn\u2019t be killed, says NTCA", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Tiger Conservation Authority on Tuesday asked the officials of the forest department to ensure that the safety of the stray tiger in Rahmankhera on the outskirts of the city is not jeopardised under any circumstances.Member-secretary, NTCA, Rajesh Gopal visited Rahmankhera after the department wrote to NTCA for help. \"Today, I sent a fax to the department telling that under no circumstances should the life of the tiger be threatened,\" said Gopal. NTCA, meanwhile, has already sent a new team of experts to handle the tiger-operation. \"The best thing is that this tiger is localised, and department has been able to keep it localised,\" he added.The forest department has written to the authority, last week, about its constraints. While, some of the officers who had been handling the operation at Rahmankhera have come back, others are doing nothing more than the customary combing. And, in the last more than two months of the operation, department has also spent quite an amount.On the other hand, wildlife enthusiasts of the city got together, on Tuesday, to discuss ways about saving the stray tiger. The feline had strayed out of Kheri forest in January.The enthusiasts, as part of a non-government organisation Tiger and Terrain have also assisted the department in the operation, in the start.But later, though they offered to help the department, the officers did not show willingness to involve them. The group, however, expressed concern over the safety of the tiger and the way entire operation has been handled.On the other hand, wildlife enthusiasts of the city got together, on Tuesday, to discuss ways about saving the stray tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350012", "title": "March 25 the D-day", "text": "LUDHIANA: The big deciding date for Sutlej Club's office bearers is finally out. The election will be held on March 25, leaving only four days for candidates to campaign officially. The announcement was made after the annual general body meeting on Tuesday.President of the club and deputy commissioner of the city Rahul Tewari imposed a code of conduct with immediate effect and also gave many instructions for smooth elections. Nominations can be filed from March 21-23. Scrutiny will be held on March 23, after which a list of nominations will be displayed. Withdrawal of nominations can be done on March 24 from 9am to 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347700", "title": "Delegates from Bihar meets Sibal to resolve Central varsity site row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pressing for a central university in Gaya, political representatives and academicians from Bihar met HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday. The issue of setting up a central university had been under the shadow of controversy with the HRD ministry and the state government locked in a tussle over its location. The Centre is likely to stick to its guns on the issue of setting up a central university in Gaya, while the state government appears equally adamant on Motihari as a location.The university, one of the 12 such announced in early 2009, currently operates out of a temporary campus in Patna and is struggling for space. The ministry has been adamant on not shifting the university to Motihari citing lack of social and physical infrastructure that could adversely impact the number of students and faculty visiting it.Bihar educational development society president J K Palit, who met Sibal, said that setting up of a university in Gaya would improve the standard of education and development in the state.The Centre's reluctance for Motihari comes from experience in other cases where once established universities ran in to trouble in attracting faculty and students. Sources said that Central University of Odisha located in Koraput had a sanctioned strength of 48 faculty members but had managed to get only 10 while Tamil Nadu Central University in Thiruvarur had a sanctioned strength of 24 faculty members, but had filled only 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12348449", "title": "Jailed CMAS man welcomes Red efforts to free him", "text": "Koraput: Incarcerated convener of Maoist backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) Gananath Patra has hailed the Naxals' effort to release him in exchange of safe release of two abducted Italian tourists. The Red rebels have demanded the release of jailed Gananath Patra, Subhashree Panda and Junus Pradhan among other demands in exchange of the release of Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, whom they abducted from a forest on the Kandhamal-Ganjam border on March 14.\"I welcome the Maoists' effort to release me from jail inexchange of the Italian tourists,\" said Patra while being produced in a court in Koraput on Tuesday for his alleged involvement in abducting as many as 11 villagers of Almonda under Bandhugaon police limits in 2009 and for instigating CMAS to spread violence in Narayanpatna, Bandhugaon and neighbouring regions in Koraputs district. Patra was arrested from Bhubaneswar in Januray 27, 2010. Presently, Patra, a retired chemistry professor, is lodged in Koraput district jail for his involvement in at least six cases in the district.While hailing the Maoist effort to release him, Patra, however, put a condition for his release from jail. \"I will think of stepping out of jail only when all CMAS members who have been arrested on false charges are released. I alone don't want to be released from jail,\" he said.In May 2011, Orissa high court had granted bail to Patra on a bond of Rs 30,000 and two sureties but the latter refused to furnish the bail, demanding release of over 100 CMAS activists arrested for rioting and attacking the Narayanpatna police station in 2009.On December 29, 2011, a Koraput court had acquitted Patra of involvement in a cattle theft incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12347962", "title": "Women police presence very thin in Gurgaon", "text": "While on paper, there are fewer vacancies to be filled, when it comes to posts earmarked for women cops as compared to their male counterparts, their presence is barely visible on the ground.However, police officials say that the number of women in Gurgaon will increase in the coming months.According to the police data, there are 459 sanctioned posts for women cops in Gurgaon district, out of which 374 are already filled.However, women cops are hardly seen on the road. In the wake of the recent gang rape case, around 30 women cops have been posted on MG Road and the five Metro stations in the city.DCP (headquarters) Abhay Singh Rao said the posting of women cops was based on the current situation and demand, like other police personnel. For instance, for night shifts, six women cops have been posted at a police post in front of Sahara Mall, six with a PCR van on MG Road and another 15 on the five Metro stations at present. But as the DCP said, this is not a permanent feature and the postings can be changed.Rao said that around 200 cops including 150 constables were available with the department at present while 30-35 of them are on two-year child care or maternity leave. Around 21 women cops are working in the traffic wing and are part of a squad to act against drunk driving on weekends.The police official said the focus was on increasing the number of women cops in Gurgaon. The DCP said that one woman IPS officer and three women DSPs were undergoing training now. Besides that, around 180 constables, who are are at present undergoing training, will report for duty after April.While women cops say they do not feel any discrimination at the workplace, they are facing issues similar to those faced by their male counterparts in the department. Cops with lower ranks such as beat constables and constables complain that the major problem lies in the fact that they are not provided with accommodation which means that they have to either commute from their native place or pay a higher rent to live in Gurgaon.Basic facilities like separate toilets are also missing at various stations, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350051", "title": "'Standard of kidney treatment in India far from satisfactory'", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Standard of kidney treatment in India far from satisfactory'India has a huge burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Unfortunately, standard of treatment available to such patients is far from satisfactory. Since not every CKD patient can afford a transplant, quality dialysis was the only solution for them.Dr Nathan Levin, renowned physician and nephrologist, felt that India needed to gear up to handle these patients in the right manner at right time with quality services that could rehabilitate them. \"India has a huge population of diabetic patients. Diabetics are extremely prone to kidney failure. So quality care for CKD patients is the only solution. Quality does not necessarily mean latest technology and equipment. One needs to follow the quality standards while handling patients in all hospitals. Unfortunately in India, even WHO standards are not followed for safe and effective dialysis,\" he told TOI.Levin, who is founder of Renal Research Institute and professor of clinical medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York city, was in Nagpur to guide Dr Pinak Dande on setting up a new dialysis standard in his hospital based on latest technology. He was also to deliver the first Dr Bal Swaroop Chaubey memorial lecture organized by the Academy of Medical Sciences and Dr Sameer Chaubey, Dr Chaubey's son and a nephrologist.\"Dialysis is the lifeline of a CKD patient. It is the best way for preventing the progression of the disease. Hence these patients are to be given equal priority as heart or any serious disease patients. Things won't change overnight but if the country's government is committed to its citizens I can visualize a positive change in near future,\" said Levin.Levin's wife Linda L Donald, who runs 300 dialysis centres in USA, felt that patient education was equally important for CKD patients. \"Simple and basic faults in system like not washing hands properly, not following standard protocol can cost a patient his life. Since they need to visit a hospital 2-3 times a week, they need counselling to remove the psycho-social pressure on them due to the disease. In USA rehabilitation of person is as important as treating the disease,\" she said.Dialysis is the lifeline of a CKD patient. It is the best way for preventing the progression of the disease. Hence these patients are to be given equal priority as heart or any serious disease patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347899", "title": "MCD polls: BJP consults RWAs on manifestos", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the BJP is yet to finalise its manifesto for the upcoming municipal elections, the party has asked all its district offices to prepare a ward-wise list of issues which should be taken up by the candidate during campaigning.The party has asked all the mandals to draft their own manifestos after consulting the resident ward committees (RWC) or resident welfare associations (RWA).\"The area under each mandal will have specific issues which should be addressed in the manifesto. We have asked each mandals to prepare their manifestos after consulting the local RWC or RWAs. This will help to give us a better perspective on the problems faced by residents in the area,'' said Sanjay Kaul, executive member and spokesperson of BJP.Party sources say that while campaigning candidates will be expected to discuss the issues highlighted in the mandal's manifesto along with the party's manifesto.\"There are various issues which concern the people living in a particular area. If a problem has not been addressed by the previous councillor, then our candidates need to take it up and assure people that they will find a solution to their local issues,'' said Kaul.Mandals are taking help from RWC, which were formed in 80-odd municipal wards, to prepare their manifestos. In wards where RWC were not formed mandal presidents have been asked to consult RWAs. Through this excercise, the BJP hopes to garner the support of people living in plotted areas.Sources say that the mandals have to prepare the manifestos by next week, so that the party's committee on manifestos can go through them and include important issues, which are there in all the wards, in its common main manifesto.A special manifesto committee is likely to start work soon after finalizing the candidates details. \"We are planning to have separate manifestos for each corporation. The focus area of each corporation will be different as the problems are different in each locality,'' said a senior party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348610", "title": "3 nominees set to win Rajya Sabha polls unopposed", "text": "Bhubaneswar: The entry of BJD leader Rabinarayan Mohapatra, former hockey international Dilip Tirkey and NGO activist A V Swamy to the Rajya Sabha almost became certain on Monday after the Opposition Congress did not announce support to any candidate. While Mohapatra and Tirkey are BJD nominees for the March 30 polls, Swamy is in the fray as a BJD-backed Independent.Mohapatra, Tirkey and Swamy filed their nomination papers with Amiya Sarangi, who is secretary, Odisha Legislative Assembly, and returning officer for the RS elections, in the presence of chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik , host of ministers and NCP MLAs. Assembly sources said four others have also filed as Independent candidates, but their nominations papers would be rejected on Tuesday as none of them has any MLA as his/her proposer. For a nomination to be valid, at least 10 legislators have to sign as proposers.Consequently, three-time Olympian Tirkey (34), Nayagarh district unit president Mohapatra and Bhoodan worker Swamy (82) stand to win the polls uncontested.Earlier, the Congress, which has 27 MLAs in the 147-member House, kept the curiosity levels high by not making clear whether it would put up a party candidate till the timing of filing of nomination papers elapsed at 3 pm.Hectic parleys were seen in the Opposition camp for fielding businessman Tararanjan Patnaik, who had unsuccessfully contested the 2010 RS polls, yet again as an Independent. But the effo*rts fell flat apparently because the BJP, which has six MLAs, decided to abstain from the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12348974", "title": "Disclose details of waste disposed to sea: fishermen tell MSEZ", "text": "Mangalore: Fishermen have alleged that the Mangalore Special Economic Zone Limited (MSEZ ) authorities are trying to cheat them by not disclosing details about waste to be disposed to the sea from its units.New Mangalore Port Zone Traditional Boat Fishermen Association president B K Vasudev said that the sea will be polluted if industrial waste was disposed in large quantity.More than 10,000 fishermen families will be in distress, if the sea was polluted and there are chances of spread of diseases too.He warned that a protest will be organised if a meeting of fishermen was not convened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12348995", "title": "CBI to re-create sequence of events in Kumar's killing", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), probing the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar after he was run over by a stone-laden tractor trolley on March 8, is all set to re-create the sequence of events to unravel the circumstances that led to his death in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh.The central investigating agency sought remand of Manoj Gurjar, who drove the stone-laden tractor trolley when the incident took place, after he was produced before the court of Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC), Jitendra Kumar Bajoria to trace the officer's mobile phone, re-create the sequence of events and to probe whether there was any conspiracy behind the circumstances that led to IPS officer's death.The court remanded Manoj in three-day CBI custody. The CBI is likely to take the accused to the spot of incident on Wednesday to re-create the sequence of events on that day, sources said.The 30-year-old IPS officer, who was posted as sub-divisional officer police (SDOP) at Banmore, was killed on 'Holi' day when he tried to intercept the tractor trolley, laden with illegally mined stones, as the vehicle mowed him down and overturned. The incident had sparked a controversy over alleged rampant illegal mining in Madhya Pradesh with the opposition Congress accusing the BJP government of having failed to contain illegal mining in the state.After taking over the probe from state police, CBI officials had interrogated Manoj in jail where he was lodged following his arrest a day after the incident.In a related development, Morena district administration on Tuesday suspended the gun license of Hamir Singh Patel, a former district BJP leader, who was arrested last week for allegedly assaulting mining officials for trying to stop illegal mining on January 31.\"His revolver license has been suspended and he has been asked to deposit the fire arm at the local police station within three days,\" Morena district collector D D Agrawal told TOI over telephone.The revolver licence of the accused will remain suspended due to the pending investigations against him, he said.The CBI sought remand of Manoj Gurjar, who drove the stone-laden tractor trolley when the incident took place, Jitendra Kumar Bajoria to trace the officer's mobile phone, re-create the sequence of events and to probe whether there was any conspiracy behind the circumstances that led to IPS officer's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349196", "title": "State Information Commission to help harassed RTI activists", "text": "PATNA: To make the RTI Act more effective and meaningful, the State Information Commission (SIC) has come out with a mechanism to help the activists being harassed and tortured for seeking information and take action against their tormentors. Working at the suggestion of CM Nitish Kumar, the SIC has decided to create a monitoring cell and deploy officials in its office and provide a helpline number for filing their complaints which will be personally looked into by the chief information commissioner.This apart, the SIC has tightened its grip around the officials who are in habit of denying information. Some powerful bureaucrats, including a principal secretary and a DM and grassroot-level official like panchayat secretary, finally fell into the RTI net recently for withholding information with malafide intention and harassing the information seeker, Umadhar Singh, an ageing revolutionary of yesteryears and former MLA.Recently, state information commissioner Farzand Ahmed had asked both the principal secretary, land and revenue, C Ashok Vardhan and public information officer (PIO)-cum-Darbhanga DM R Laxmanan to provide information to the petitioner within 15 days or face penalty as well as pay compensation.On the same day, Darbhanga district agriculture officer Ramvilas Mishra was fined Rs 25,000 and was also ordered to pay Rs 50,000 as compensation to Singh.The panchayat secretary of Meethsari under Bhagwanpur block in Begusarai district was produced in the court of Ahmed under police custody for denying information and evading appearance. This was the first case in the state in which an official was taken into custody under proviso of the Civil Procedure Code and produced. The BDO, who headed the police force that produced the PIO under custody, also informed the court that following the order, the PIO has been suspended by the DM.Ahmed refused to discuss his orders, but said, \"The RTI law is like a diamond-blade that cuts through the heart of the marble-hearted bureaucrats. No public authority is above this Act.\"All these cases that dated back to 2008-09 revolved round alleged huge smuggling of subsidized fertilizers meant for the kisans to the neighbouring country, loot of land allotted to Mahadalit families, by influential landlords and status of the implementation of development schemes.Singh, one of the founders of the Naxalite movement, told the court it was surprising that bureaucrats who are considered powerful have become so powerless that they could not dare raise their heads before the land grabbers. \"How can they ensure transparency and accountability,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349039", "title": "MP Board of Secondary Education rubbishes 'question paper leak'", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) denied the reports that the question paper of social science subject of Class X was leaked in Gwalior and Datia districts of the state.The denial came after a section of local media in these cities reported about it. The exam was held on Tuesday amidst newspaper reports that the social science question paper was leaked on Monday.The MPBSE officials carried out extensive investigation throughout Tuesday to confirm on the alleged question paper leak.According to MPBSE officials, there were some reports on the leakage of question paper of social science exam from Gwalior and Datia divisions and the respective district education officers (DEOs) and divisional officers had intimated it to the MPBSE. Board chairman M K Rai later ordered a probe and instructed the respective collectors of the districts to conduct an enquiry.The collectors in turn had the question papers checked after the exams started on Tuesday.Secretary of the board, Kedar Sharma, said, \"The probe in Gwalior and Datia has proven that this was a rumour. There were no similarities in the question papers which were allegedly leaked. That has been ascertained now.\"According to MPBSE officials, there were a couple of questions which were similar to the leaked papers but no question was found to be in the same order as that of the question paper on Tuesday. Also, the language of the similar questions was different on both the question papers.The collectors of Gwalior and Datia have sent the report to the MPBSE regarding the leaked papers stating them to be baseless. Also the police have been directed to keep a watch on the sellers of such fake question papers.There have been some reports of selling of leaked question papers in the Old Bhopal area. Such rumours surfaced around the time of starting the Physics exam. The board has denied any such reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12349937", "title": "Contempt case against former Madurai superintendent of police dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday dismissed a contempt case filed against former Madurai superintendent of police M Manohar for not obeying its order.The Madurai bench had disposed a civil dispute petition filed by one Saraswathi Ammal against one Archunan by directing the SP to inquire into the matter. Subsequently, Ammal filed a contempt petition to punish Manohar for not obeying this order. Archunan also filed a criminal original petition and got an order that police were directed not to interfere with civil disputes. Thus, the two contrary orders of the court put Manohar in a dilemma. Closing the contempt petition, Justice K Chandru said the court passing two opposed orders created an unpleasant situation for the respondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348769", "title": "Death for cab driver, friend who raped, killed city BPO employee", "text": "PUNE: A city court on Tuesday sentenced cab driver Purushottam Borate (30) and his friend Pradeep Kokade (24) to death for the murder of 22-year-old BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhari on November 1, 2007. The incident had rocked Pune, which has a burgeoning IT sector and has generally been considered a relatively safe place for women working late shifts.Pronouncing the judgment in a packed courtroom, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar refused to take a lenient view and held that the crime fell into the \"rarest of rare\" category. \"They (the accused) did not show any sign of remorse after committing the crime. There is no scope for them to get reformed or rehabilitated,\" he said.Borate and Kokade, both residents of Dehu road, were pronounced guilty by the court on Saturday. They had picked up Jyotikumari from her Pashan residence in the cab to drop her to her company at Hinjewadi. However, they drove her to a remote area where they raped her, slashed her wrists, strangulated her with her dupatta and finally smashed her head with a stone.The police recovered Jyotikumari's body from near a field in Gahunje village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on November 2. Borate and Kokade were arrested the next day.The judge also slapped a fine of Rs 21,000 each on the two, besides sentencing them to death on charges of criminal conspiracy. Failure to pay the fine will mean additional imprisonment of three months to one year. They were sentenced to life imprisonment on two counts - kidnapping and gangrape - and to two years rigorous imprisonment for misappropriating the victim's property after her death.The death sentence will be confirmed by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12347506", "title": "Girl, 19, raped by dad for 5 years, pregnant", "text": "NAGPUR: A 50-year-old labourer has been arrested for raping his teenage daughter repeatedly over the last five years. The girl is now two months pregnant, which brought the sordid deed to light.The accused, Kishore Agrawal, was sexually exploiting his 19-year-old daughter for the last five years, after his wife left him. The girl was then 14-year-old.The incident came to light on Tuesday afternoon when Agrawal hit the girl in the stomach after she refused to have intercourse with him. The girl suffered unbearable pain and pleaded with the father to let her go.Then, though Agrawal tried to stop her, she gave some excuse and rushed to her neighbour to tell them about the pain.Police said that the neighbours immediately took her to a nearby doctor and were shocked to learn that she was pregnant. Later, on questioning, the girl told the neighbours about her father forcing her into a physical relationship since her mother left the house.The neighbours then took the girl to Nandanwan police station and filed a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12350034", "title": "Faulty meters reveal nexus between staff, consumers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The power department has found the installation of devices slowing down the electronic meters while conducting raids at homes and industrial premises. This point towards a thriving nexus between some officials of the department and unscrupulous consumers. This also shows the loopholes in the electronic meters which are otherwise said to be tamper proof.The department, meanwhile, has sealed and seized the meters where such slowing down devices were installed.Such consumers are invited on a specific date where the meter is opened before and penalty and assessment amount realised from them. But this has not stopped the practice and many meters still have such devices installed in them, said a senior official of the power department. He added that the involvement of a full-fledged racket cannot be ruled out.Stating that the pin-size device available at all electronic shops is used as a resistance to drop the supply of power recorded in electronic meters, executive engineer, administration, Mohd Firoz said: \"Once the device is installed, the voltage which is recorded in the electronic meter drops by nearly 60-70% which robs the power department of revenue. Moreover, the device comes cheap -- between Rs 10 and Rs 15 in the open market.However, when asked as to how consumers are able to install this in such a large numbers without conniving with the local staff, Firoz said: \"This cannot be exposed unless the person who has installed the same is interrogated by the police. Until then we can only slap a penalty on the erring consumer, disconnect his power supply and lodge an FIR against him\".When his views were sought on the fact that some consumers have alleged frame up by power department as a vindictive measure, he said: \"While conducting raids we take precaution to conduct video recording of the whole exercise so that the consumer cannot accuse us of framing him given the fact that it is a highly technical process. Moreover, the staff conducting the raids are provided state of art equipments which cannot be tampered or manipulated in favour/against any consumer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348616", "title": "Diamond association withdraws bandh call", "text": "SURAT: Surat Diamond Association (SDA) has withdrawn its call for bandh given for Thursday following an assurance by the state government that it would look into the issue of professional tax levied on diamond industry workers.SDA said in a release on Tuesday that Surat municipal commissioner Manoj Das was called to Gandhinagar. Ministers Saurabh Patel and Nitin Patel instructed the him to ensure that the diamond owners and employees were not unnecessarily harassed over professional tax. The state government will discuss the matter with diamond industry representatives soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhuj/rajkot", "code": "12348564", "title": "Sudden change of weather catches people off guard in state", "text": "BHUJ/RAJKOT: Fresh western disturbance passing over northern India and parts of Pakistan resulted in a sudden change in weather across Gujarat.Dusty storms were reported at many places in Saurashtra and Kutch, while the entire day remained foggy in the region.According to weather officials, the storm originated from the desert region of Balochistan in Pakistan and the disturbance spread across Gujarat. The skies remained cloudy and visibility hazy in most parts of Saurashtra and Kutch.Humidity levels also went up across the state and motorists faced severe problems commuting on their two-wheelers due to the weather.Weather in United Arab Emirates, Oman, Yemen and Pakistan was similar, said Vadilal Doshi of port town Mandvi, who talked with many vessel owners on their voyage to Gulf countries through the Arabian Sea from Mandvi and Mundra port.Winds blowing at a speed of up to 70 km/hour have also turned gulf waters stormy with waves as high as 14 feet reported. The sea is still not safe to venture out, Noormamad Manthra of Kutch Vahanvati Association said.\"It was difficult to drive a two-wheeler because of low visibility and foggy conditions,\" a resident of Kalawad Road in Rajkot Nilesh Shah said.The dry winds with dust were blowing across the region. \"People were seen driving carefully on Bhavnagar-Dwarka coastal highway due to stormy weather where visibility was not more than 100 metre,\" said Bharat Kamaliya of Una in Junagadh district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347733", "title": "Curbs on military canteen booze flow", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have been tapping your military \"contact\" or relative for a monthly quota of Scotch or single malt, or maybe a car once in a while, start looking elsewhere. Several measures have been finalized to stem the rampant \"leakage\" of liquor, cars and other stuff from military canteens into the civilian market.\"A new policy to restrict CSD sales to only authorized personnel and check malpractices has been formulated. It has been sent to different military formations and commands for feedback,\" said a defence source on Tuesday.The move comes in the backdrop of CAG reports and parliamentary committees criticizing the widespread irregularities in the working of the 35 CSD ( canteen stores department) depots, which have a retail network of 3,600 URCs (unit-run canteens) and a turnover of over Rs 8,500 crore.The new measures include restricting the number of Scotch bottles an officer can draw to 50% of his monthly liquor quota. Major-generals and lieutenant generals will get only seven to eight Scotch bottles in their existing monthly quota of 14-16 bottles.Similarly, colonels and below will get five to six Scotch bottles in their 10-12 bottle quota. Field Marshals and equivalents and serving and retired Service chiefs, of course, can draw all the liquor they want since they have \"no limit\".More importantly, there is a move to \"limit\" the liquor quota under the \"bronze cards\" that are used by URCs and others for bulk purchases. \"This is the main source of misuse. If the ceiling limit in a bronze card was earlier 10,000 bottles a month, it will be brought down to 1,000,\" said the source.Several cases of widespread diversion of the much-cheaper military quota liquor secretly reaching the open market have come to the fore, leading to the court-martial of several senior officers, including a major-general, in recent years.A performance audit of CSD by CAG had also found that several units were drawing liquor far in excess of what was authorized based on the number of soldiers and ex-servicemen connected with those units.There is also the move to restrict the sale of cars through CSD, which are about 10%-15% cheaper than market prices. \"I recently bought a Honda City through CSD since it cost Rs 1.25 lakh less,\" said an officer.If earlier an officer could buy a car through CSD every two years, the new policy restricts it to once in five years. Similarly, JCOs (junior commissioned officers) will be able to buy a car once every 10 years that earlier could be done every five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12349978", "title": "Comedian on train hurt after being hit by bottle", "text": "Thane: A stand-up comedian travelling on a Badlapur-bound train was injured on Tuesday when he was hit by a beer bottle that was thrown at the train by an unidentified person. Two other women in the same compartment also sustained minor injuries.Sunil Savra, who boarded the train at Thane around 4pm, was standing on the footboard of a first-class compartment. As the local passed between Kalwa and Mumbra, the bottle came flying into the coach and shattered into small pieces after hitting Savre in his face, barely missing his eyes. \"I was injured just below my right eye and on my hands. The bottle was probably targeted at the ladies' compartment but missed the target,\" said Savra, adding that two women in the same coach also suffered minor injuries.As advised by his co-passengers, Savra alighted from the train at Mumbra, where station officials directed him to Dombivli.A complaint was registered at Dombivli and a GRP constable took Savre to Thane civil hospital.I was injured just below my right eye and on my hands. The bottle was probably targeted at the ladies' compartment but missed the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12354325", "title": "Pawan to create another sensation", "text": "After signing up 'Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' under Puri Jagan's direction, Pawan has taken up BVSN Prasad's next production.Power Star Pawan Kalyan is on a roll these days. After signing up 'Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' under Puri Jagan's direction, Pawan has taken up yet another sensational project. Pawan signed on the dotted line for BVSN Prasad's next production, which would be directed by none other than Trivikram Srinivas.Needless to say that Trivikram is the only director who delivered a hit with Pawan Kalyan post Kushi. Trivikram is known for writing scripts according to the image and body language of the heroes. He is currently doing a film with Allu Arjun, which would release in June/July. Pawan's film will start rolling from October, after he is done with CGR.Trivikram, who gave a completely new look to Mahesh Babu in Khaleja, which has introduced the comic angle of the superstar, is all set to present Power Star in an all new avatar in this film. Pawan Kalyan is reportedly impressed with the script and hero characterization. Adding spice to the already sensational combination, Jalsa heroine Ileana is roped into play the female lead in this movie. Can we call this Jalsa 2 kya!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "tagore nagar", "code": "12350123", "title": "This man in white loves his brush with colours", "text": "TAGORE NAGAR: One would expect a general surgeon to talk only about ailments, operations and stitches but Dr Mandeep Singh Sethi offers a pleasant surprise as he starts talking about mixing colours, making patterns and famous artists. The 56-year-old surgeon, who runs a private hospital in Tagore Nagar, says he started painting while he was still in school.''Later even when I did MBBS in 1979 and MS in 1983, I continued with my love for colours. In 1990, when I shifted to Ludhiana I started devoting more time to my passion,'' he says adding that he is influenced by renaissance period artists like Titian, Poussin, Velazquez, Michael Angelo and Leonardo da Vinci. ''Of Titian's paintings I like 'Church of the Frari' and his masterpiece 'Assumption of the Virgin'. Poussin's works have themes of tragedy and death that appeal me. Though I like all paintings of Michael Angelo what I like best is 'The Last Judgment' and Vinci's Mona Lisa,'' says Mandeep.Among Indian painters he likes Sobha Singh, who has done photographic paintings on Sikh period and Punjabi culture, and Raja Ravi Verma, who specializes in painting Indian life. Talking about his own paintings, Mandeep says, ''Till now I have done about 50 paintings most of which are inspired by the Renaissance period. I have also painted life in Punjab and India in some of my paintings. My friends have been appreciating my different paintings but the one they like most is an extension of 'Assumption of the Virgin' that I have painted on glass. I usually use oil paints.''His wife Dr Kheema Sethi, daughter Dr Ichha Sethi and son Dr Jaskaran Sethi also push him to indulge his passion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348160", "title": "US national sponsors 30 Vadaj slum kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Moved by the disheartening plight of riot victims, Brad Baldwin, a US national from Virginia, first came to Ahmedabad in March 2002 to help underprivileged children. To spread the message of peace, he produced a musical stage play titled EKTA with 14 riot affected street children. Continuing his decade-ling association with the city, he has now formed an official Boy Scout troop of 30 slum kids from Vadaj. This troop has recently received official recognition.Baldwin says, \"When I first saw how street children were affected by communal riots, I prayed to God that this should not have happened. And then something in me compelled me to help these kids. Since then, I have formed a bond with Ahmedabad and I visit it every year and stay for about three months working on various programs sponsoring and educating street children.\"He has worked in association with Gandhi Ashram and Manav Sadhna and has also launched three-month exchange programs for these kids.Brad, who is trained in the US as an Eagle Scout - the highest rank and award in the program - has now formed an NGO Taj Global Understanding (TGU) that administers international student exchange programs and social service activities in Ahmedabad. \"This time we are sponsoring 30 slum kids from Vadaj in Scout troop. The scout program is an extraordinary tool for children to develop important life skills, including leadership, discipline, communication and interpersonal skills. This program is a joint collaboration between TGU, which is sponsoring the troop, and Scouts Australia.\"He added: \"We provide funding for training, uniforms, equipment, supplies, and trips. We employ a scout leader who works closely with the scouts. We serve as the liaison between the scouts and the state and national office. This program allows these kids to be recognized scouts and able to work through the various ranks. Our goal is to have each scout achieve the Governor's Award, the highest in the state, which takes three years to achieve.\"TGU plans to bring international scouts from Australia to Ahmedabad to participate in a cross cultural program in January 2013. \"We plan to expand to include a Girl Guide group,\" says Brad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350059", "title": "Govt must put brakes on fare hikes by pvt bus operators: HC", "text": "Mumbai: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said the state government must act against private luxury bus operators who hike fares during the peak season. A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice V K Tahilramani was hearing a PIL filed by a Pune-based NGO, Sahyog Trust, saying that bus operators with inter-state licences prefer to operate only within Maharashtra and hike fares during peak seasons such as festivals and vacations.In the PIL, the NGO says there is no government regulation on fares. Giving an example, the NGO's PIL says that the bus fare for a trip from Nagpur to Pune is between Rs 400 and Rs 600, but is increased to Rs 1,500 during the peak season.Said Justice Sinha, \"The charging of exorbitant fares is much prevalent now in the aviation sector and there is no control over there also.\"The NGO's advocate Kiran Kulkarni said bus passengers are not informed about fare hikes and there is no redressal forum for their grievances.The judges remarked that if there is no government control over these buses then their operation must be illegal.Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ( MSRTC)'s advocate G S Hegde said private operators obtain permits for plying buses from one state to another, but run the vehicles on lucrative routes within the state, thus eating into MSRTC's profit. \"This is illegal but the state has not taken any action. We have written to the government,\" Hegde added.The judges directed the state to file a reply on how it keeps control over private bus operators and explain the policy and guidelines with regard to the operation. They also expanded the scope of the PIL by allowing the NGO to include a challenge to the private bus operation.Private operators obtain permits for plying buses from one state to another, but reportedly run the vehicles within the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12348533", "title": "Youth pin hope on Akhilesh for career, education", "text": "NOIDA: The Samajwadi Party's win in the assembly polls has made it clear that people across the state voted for change, but residents of Gautam Budh Nagar feel that the big task that for Akhilesh Yadav is to keep his promise of 'cleansing his party of goondaism'. Besides law and order, residents are also rooting for planned infrastructure growth across the district and a way out of the ongoing land acquisition mess in Noida Extension.The fact that Akhilesh has been sworn in as the chief minister has also raised expectations amongst youngsters. Topping their list are education, career and new public hangouts. \"Akhilesh Yadav is young, well-educated and practical. He has already promised laptops, unemployment allowance, etc which are progressive steps,\" said Vishesh Tiwari, an engineering student. \"He must now ensure that more job-oriented courses are offered to youngsters in urban areas as well,\" he said.With the perception that the new government will bring political stability, real estate players have begun eyeing the NCR again. Property agents say that inquiries about affordable homes are slowly starting in the district that has been marred with several land acquisition related rows in the recent past. Buyers of the Noida Extension area have already written to the new state government seeking intervention in re-starting the projects that have been in limbo for several months.Residents say that the Samajwadi Party \"changed its image by announcing a score of progressive measures\" and it must now bring in an era of progressive policies across the state. \"The verdict reflects the mindset of voters who turned up in large numbers to bring about a change. Fed up with increasing corruption under the Mayawati regime and her indulgent expenditures, they voted for SP,\" said Jayshree Oza, a Noida-based educationist. \"The voters now expect that SP will keep its word and bring about the much-needed development in UP,\" she said.While law and order remains a priority, especially in Ghaziabad, another pressing issue across Gautam Budh Nagar is that of electricity. \"We hope that the new government will address these problems,\" said NP Singh, president of Noida RWAs Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349456", "title": "Hope floats for disabled flyers: Airlines promise to be sensitive", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another 10 days, domestic airlines will have to display a list of dos and don'ts on their websites for handling passengers with reduced mobility.The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the chief of the directorate general of civil aviation. At the meeting, people with reduced mobility - who allegedly faced harassment at the hands of domestic airlines in the past few months - met senior officials of the airlines concerned on Tuesday to explain the difficulties they face.DG E K Bharat Bhushan said, \"In view of growing concerns experienced by physically disabled persons while travelling by air, we held an interactive session with scheduled domestic airlines.\"\"In the meeting, we have decided to prepare a detailed list of dos and don'ts in the next seven days for handling people with reduced mobility travelling by air. Scheduled domestic airlines shall display these on their respective website,\" Bhushan said.Other decisions taken at the meeting included the creation of a separate button on the web home page of airlines to display the instructions in this regard.\"Airlines will organize an orientation programme of all airport managers regarding their responsibility while handling people with reduced mobility who are travelling by air, who in turn will sensitize the ground staff. Civil aviation rules for handling passengers with reduced mobility already exist and should be followed by all concerned in letter and spirit,\" said a senior official.Separate instructions are also to be issued for airport operators on handling people with reduced mobility.A presentation on the requirements of disabled people was made at the meeting by Mohammed Asif Iqbal who is blind. Iqbal was denied a boarding pass - due to his disability - by Kingfisher Airlines last year when he was to flying from Patna to Ranchi.\"It is obvious the government is taking the matter seriously. Senior airline staff of all domestic airlines was present and through our presentation we highlighted the various needs of people with different disabilities. The meeting was attended by over 50 people of which around 5 to 7 represented disability rights groups,\" said Iqbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348709", "title": "Lawyer son murder: No chargesheet now", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained the CBI, which is probing the murder of advocate Sankarasubbu's son Satish Kumar, from filing chargesheet in the case and has favoured further hearing by a larger bench of the court.A division bench of Justice C Nagappan and Justice P R Shivakumar, referring the matter to Chief Justice M Y Eqbal, said all bar leaders and the additional solicitor-general of south India M Ravindran made a suggestion that the matter may be referred to a larger bench.The matter relates to the death of Satish Kumar under mysterious circumstances. His body was found on June 7 and a week later the case was entrusted to the CBI. On March 6, the CBI filed a status report and was given permission to file chargesheet in two weeks.However, Sankarasubbu launched an indefinite fast on Monday, claiming that the CBI was planning to close it as a case of suicide and that attempts were being made to shield delinquent police officers. On Tuesday, a new petition was filed seeking a special investigation team which would function under a retired HC judge.In the afternoon, Tamil Nadu Advocates Association president S Prabakaran, Madras High Court Advocates Association president G Mohanakrishnan and Women Lawyers Association president D Prasanna issued separate statements announcing two-day court boycott on March 21 and 22 to protest the CBI's 'indifference'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350081", "title": "Summer gives a peek, wind eases things", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents got a feel of what summer will be like as the mercury rose to 32 degrees celsius on Monday. However, Tuesday turned windy and brought quick respite.Anjali Arora of Kitchlu Nagar said, ''On Monday we thought summer has arrived before time. But to my surprise when I woke up on Tuesday, a cool wind was blowing. It was windy throughout the day. Though summer is bound to arrive but we are hoping that the pleasant weather will stay for some more days.\"Manjeet Singh, a college student staying in Model Town, said, ''The weather was so hot on Monday that I had about five ice-creams and gulped down four bottles of cold drink. It felt like summer has arrived and we should get ready for tougher times ahead. However, to my surprise when I woke up at 7am on Tuesday I felt a cold wind blowing outside. I wish the heat would spare us another 15 days.\"Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, ''The temperature on Monday was 32 degree celsius and the minimum touched 20 degrees. Because of the sudden increase in temperatures, 3-4 degrees above normal, air pressure fell causing south easterly winds on Tuesday that helped the temperature drop again. According to recent forecast surface winds will prevail for a day or two and after that weather will mainly remain dry.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12350940", "title": "Day 1 of Umrangso bandh passes off peacefully", "text": "SILCHAR: A 48-hour bandh began at 5 am on Tuesday in the industrial township of Umrangso in Assam's Dima Hasao district, seeking employment for local tribals at the Kopili Hydro Electric Project. A police officer in Umrangso, 120-km from Haflong, said the bandh passed off peacefully.Sources said life came to a standstill in the town bordering Meghalaya and Karbi Anglong due to the bandh called by local units of Dimasa Students' Union, Dimasa Welfare Association, Karbi Students' Association and Sengia Tularam Club. Shops, business establishments, banks, educational institutions and other government offices were closed and traffic was off the road. However, offices and plants of Kopili Hydro Electric Project functioned normally, said Umrangso police station OC Makobbir Ali Laskar. He said no one was arrested in connection with the bandh.The strikers have demanded that 60 per cent of technical and non-technical posts in the project should be reserved for the local tribal populace, 100 per cent reservation for local tribals youths for Grade III and Grade IV posts, free electricity for locals, free treatment facilities in NEEPCO-run hospitals and so on.The 150-MW Kopili Hydro Electric Project of NEEPCO was the maiden venture of NEEPCO when it came into existence in 1976.On the other hand, locals under the banner of District Public Forum (DPF) on Tuesday took out a huge rally in Haflong in protest against the abduction and killing of Swapan Paul (38), a Lungting-based trader. Suspected miscreants abducted Paul on March 1 and his body was found near Lungting on March 13.So far, three persons have been arrested in connection with the incident. During interrogation, police came to know that the trader was killed on March 2, a day after his kidnapping.Hundreds of people, at the call of DPA on Tuesday, marched through different streets of Haflong and later submitted a memorandum to DC (Dima Hasao) Dilip Barthakur, seeking immediate arrest of rest of the culprits in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12349907", "title": "Tension in Madurai Corporation over tenders", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed in the Madurai Corporation on Tuesday, as people who wanted to apply for tenders for 85 items were prevented from doing so by corporation officials who failed to distribute applications or receive them by staying away from their offices.Tenders for various items including the Central market, parking lots, toilets among others will be opened on Wednesday. But, those who wanted to apply for them could not do so as the corporation revenue staff were absent from their seats and applicants were unable to rectify their queries or submit demand drafts that they had obtained for the purpose.People who were keen on participating in the tender went to the revenue section and on finding the seats vacant they proceeded to the office of the corporation commissioner but he too was absent. Irked by this, people started protesting and the police were rushed in to bring things under control.\"Never has there been such highhandedness in the tender issue. Everything was transparent during the DMK regime, but now the offices have already fixed the new tenders for members of the AIADMK alone and are avoiding people from other parties and organisations in order to ensure the tenders go in favour of the AIADMK,\" DMK floor leader M L Raj said. The tenders are worth over Rs 10 crore annually and the new lessees take charge from April 1 every year.He said that no one other than the AIADMK has been able to apply for the tenders from Friday. \"The tenders will open on Wednesday, but it is well known that tenders with single applications cannot be accepted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349255", "title": "52 residents object to city limit expansion plan", "text": "INDORE: The district administration has received as many as 52 objections from the city residents in relation to the expansion of city limit. The objections have been forwarded to Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) for its replies and views.The district administration has issued a notification for the inclusion of 29 villages in the corporation limits on February 17 and people had to send their objections within 30 days of notification. In the first 20 days of notification, the administration received only five objections and the remaining 47 objections were submitted in the last ten days.People have objected to the administration's move on various grounds. Some believe that city expansion should not be executed unless and until the IMC provided civic amenities within the existing city limit. While some other believe that 90 villages according to the master plan of 2012 should be included in city limit.Collector Raghvendra Singh said that it forwarded all the objections to IMC for their views. After getting views of the civic body, the administration will take further action on the city limit expansion proposal. He stressed that expansion was needed and the decision has been taken after lots of discussion. Expansion of city limit will help in overall development of the city, he said.However, IMC says that they can't reply to the objections as the villages, which will be included in the municipal limit, falls under the district administration.\"We will only give our views on the objections,\" said an IMC official adding that administration is looking after the matter and they will be in a better position to give proper replies to objection and take necessary action.Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050, a voluntary organization, said that inclusion of all 90 villages would help a proper and planed development of the city. It will also help the municipal corporation at the time of receiving funds from government.IMC says that it can't reply to the objections as the villages which will be included in the municipal limit, falls under the district administration. We will give our views on the objections, said an IMC official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348910", "title": "Govt support to speed up CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The change of regime in the state is all set to provide a fillip to the CBI probe into the Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hassan told TOI on Tuesday that the CBI now won't have to grope in the dark as the SP government would go all out in supporting the agency in the probe.\"In a brief meeting with departmental staff, we realized that the previous government was creating obstacles for investigators by limiting their access to important files. But, now they would be provided everything they want,\" said Hassan. Soon after taking the charge on Monday, he had called a meeting of important officials to assess the situation.The CBI is probing the scam which surfaced in April last year when two CMOs were killed in the state capital within a period of six months. Two ministers - Anant Mishra and Babu Singh Kushwaha - resigned and a deputy CMO, who was named as the mastermind behind the two killings, was later found dead inside Lucknow jail. After several PILs were filed in the high court, the court ordered CBI probes into the three murders and the scam.The CBI started conducting raids in January this year and arrested former family welfare minister Kushwaha and eight officials of family welfare department and UP Jal Nigam. When interrogated, Kushwaha blamed former chief minister Mayawati, telling the CBI sleuths that funds allocated for NRHM were used for political activities in UP. Besides chief medical officers from a number of districts have blamed former principal secretary, health and family welfare, Pradeep Shukla, for the scam. The CBI team has already interrogated Shukla. Preferring anonymity, CBI officials said: \"We are trying to verify the claims made by Kushwaha and the CMOs .\"The agency has raided the office of a number of CMOs between January and March. They have lodged around a dozen FIRs in the scam besides arresting ten persons in separate cases. In the series of searches, the CBI team scanned documents at the office of CMO Barabanki on Monday. Meanwhile, the CBI court on Ghaziabad has sent Kushwaha and Ram Prakash Jaiswal, a BSP MLA, in judicial custody for another 15 days. The two were arrested on March 3, minutes after the assemble election ended.Holding the health portfolio for the second time, Hasan recalled the launch of NRHM in 2005.\"Appointment of ASHA workers was the first thing we undertook and the department was enthusiastic about the scheme. But, now the functional structure is crippling while the team is demoralized. Restoring the confidence is a big challenge. It's the time to set example,\" he said.When asked to comment on how would he check corruption in the department, he said: \"the culture of corruption flows from the top. By not letting corruption and dishonesty enter room number 86-87 (the office of the minister) I would be setting an example for others to follow. Also, I have decided that only honest officials would be posted at crucial positions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348693", "title": "Funds returned by councillors, wards neglected", "text": "CHENNAI: Ever wonder why problems like poor garbage disposal, bad roads, and mosquitoes breeding in your locality are not addressed and why things just don't seem to get better? It could be because most of the funds allotted by the corporation to councillors for ward development are returned without being used.Either because councillors and residents were not aware that the civic body allocated 30 lakh to each corporator every year for ward development or because of misplaced thrift, nearly half of the 46.50 crore earmarked for 2011-12 was left unused.Councillors are free to use the 30 lakh they receive each year for any purpose they think is in the interest of their constituents. This could include road laying, construction of footpaths and construction of noon-meal centres.Activists say cities like Mumbai, New Delhi and Hyderabad are experimenting with ward-level committees so there is public participation in local projects. Former mayor M Subramanian attempted to form similar committees, with 10-member advisory panels comprising officials and residents for each ward in the city. But the civic body, wrapped in red tape, could not implement the system.\"I was unaware of the fund. We face so many civic problems but many of us do not see our councillors after election campaigning,\" said V S Jayaraman of the T Nagar Residents' Welfare Association. \"It is unfortunate that the money is being unspent instead of being used to address issues like poor solid waste disposal, broken roads, dirty canals and proliferation of mosquitoes. If residents are given an opportunity, changes will be seen in our locality.\"Former Mayor M Subramanian said councilors were responsible for how the funds are spent in their wards. \"Many extended areas of the corporation lack basic amenities, so this year councillors could use the money to provide these localities with some facilities,\" he said. While allocations to the ward development fund have increased in recent years, the use of these funds has decreased. In reply to an RTI filed by the NGO Transparent Chennai, the corporation said 70% of the total allotment of Rs 1,085 was used in 2007-'08.In 2008-'09, the allotment increased to 23.25 crore, but expenditure fell to 63.5%. The spending fell further to 40.6% in 2009-2010 when 38.75 crore was allocated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350213", "title": "Teachers told to provide UID nos", "text": "Mumbai: A circular doing the rounds in city-aided schools has left teachers tense. Teachers working in government-aided schools have been told to provide their unique identification (UID) numbers or receipt numbers to their schools, which the schools have to hand over to the education department with salary sheets. What has worried teachers is that if they don't submit them, they may not receive their salaries next month.Last year, a notice was pasted at the Thane zilla parishad pay unit stating that all teaching at government-aided schools and colleges who don't have their UID cards made before August 20 would not receive salaries for the month. Education officials pointed to a government resolution of April 18, 2011. But no such circular was issued for Mumbai division at that time.\"We received a circular today which states that schools must submit this information with payment sheets. Even though the circular doesn't directly indicate that this might reflect on their salaries, teachers are worried,\" said Anjana Prakash, principal, Hansraj Morarji Public School, Andheri (W). Schools have also been informed that a meeting will be held on March 22 to discuss the issue. \"We will get a clear picture only after the meeting,\" added Prakash.\"We haven't yet directly been informed about the consequences, if teachers don't get working on the UID cards,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal, S V P Vidyalaya, Kandivli (W), where the meeting of schools from the western suburbs will be held on Thursday.A teacher, unhappy about the new directive, said, \"We are the most common and easy targets every time. Why aren't all government officials being told that?\" A senior Mantralaya official said teachers will not lose out on their salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349603", "title": "Woman compelled to strip, hubby moves court 1 week later", "text": "JAIPUR: A man has registered an FIR with Kushalgarh police station in Banswara district saying that his wife was made to strip before some men, who had to come to his house to kill him.The men compelled the woman to strip to save her husband's life.Eight days after the incident, the victim approached a local court which ordered the police to register an FIR on Tuesday evening.According to the police, the incident took place in Nathpura village in Kushalgarh police station area of the district.\"The complainant (name not disclosed) and his 30-year-old wife were at her parents' house in Nathpura. The complainant claimed that three men including Kumbha and Kamal came to the house on the evening of March 13 and tied him to a chair,\" said a police officer.He added the men were from his in-laws side.\"They started beating him. When the wife came to save her husband, the attackers told her to strip,\" said the officer.When she stripped before them only then the men left the house, the complainant said.Dr Aman Deep Singh, SP, Banswara, said the complaint was received from the court on Tuesday evening and the police are yet to take the statement of the victim and his wife.\"We have registered the case and launched the investigation,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349572", "title": "Councillor, residents ransack JMC office", "text": "JAIPUR: Annoyed over poor sanitation conditions, residents of ward 70 and 71, along with Bhartiya Janta Party ( BJP ) councilor Kailash Mahawar ransacked Jaipur Municipal Corporation's Hawa Mahal (West) zone office on Tuesday.The irked residents not only damaged the property but also forced the working staff to move out of the building and locked the rooms.The residents also locked the Jaipur Municipal Corporation ( JMC) garage gates adjoining to the building.Around 10.30 as many as 150 women and men led by councilor Kailash Mahawar also gheraoed the zone commissioner and raised slogans against the corporation. The office remained locked for three hours.Kailash Mahawar said, \"In many areas, the sewerage lines are in bad condition and despite several complaints no action has been taken.\"He alleged, \"For the past 15 days the corporation has neither collected the garbage from our ward nor has sent the jetting machines to repair chocked sewerage lines.\"The residents and the councilor also alleged majority of satiation workers of their ward are deployed in wards of mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and deputy mayor Manish Pareek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12354218", "title": "Gujarat election results: Congress wrests Mansa assembly seat from BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a setback to the Narendra Modi government, opposition Congress on Wednesday snatched Mansa assembly seat from the ruling BJP by over 8000 votes.Congress candidate Babuji Thakore defeated BJP's DD Patel in the constituency which has remained loyal to BJP since 1995.Though the term of the MLA from this seat will be just about eight months, the elections was made a prestige issue by both the parties as this was the last important poll before the assembly elections to be held in December this year.Congress has termed the victory as significant as the Mansa assembly segment falls under Gandhinagar, the seat of power of the Modi government.\"This is a victory of team Congress. This victory just 20 kms from where Narendra Modi rules has proven that people have realised that the so called claim of progress by his government is not true. This result will definitely have an impact on the state assembly elections\", Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said.Trying to put a brave face after the drubbing, BJP alleged that the Congress workers have gone berserk even as they have won just a single seat.\"We accept the mandate of the people from Mansa. It seems that the Congress workers have lost balance just by one win and turned unruly after the victory,\" said BJP state unit president RC Faldu.Mansa has been represented by the BJP from 1995, but the margin of victory has remained slender for the party.In 2007, Mangaldas Patel had defeated Thakore by 3000 votes.This byelection was necessitated following the death of former Speaker Mangaldas Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12354203", "title": "Maid gets favourable ruling after accusing Indian diplomat in US of slavery", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian maid -- who had accused her former employer, an IFS officer, and her husband of harassment and \"slavery\" -- has received a favourable ruling from a US court, which approved her petition that she be awarded USD 1.5 million as compensation by the couple.In his order, US District Judge Victor Marrero \"adopted in entirety\" the report of US magistrate Judge Frank Maas in which Maas had recommended that Shanti Gurung be paid 1.5 million dollars as compensation for the \"barbaric treatment\" and \"emotional distress\" Neena Malhotra and her husband Jogesh Malhotra caused her when she was employed as their domestic help for three years since 2006.\"The application of plaintiff Shanti Gurung for an award of damages is granted; accordingly, judgment is entered in favour of Gurung and against defendants Jogesh Malhotra and Neena Malhotra in an amount of USD 1,458,335 in accordance with the calculations and breakdown of that amount set forth in the report,\" Marrero said in his ruling yesterday.He also ordered that the case is now closed.Marrero said the Malhotras did not file any objections to Maas' report even though they had 14 days to do so.He said the court is not required to review any portion of a magistrate judge's report that is not the subject of an objection.After a thorough review of the documents submitted, \"the Court concludes that the findings, reasoning and legal support for the recommendations made in the report are not clearly erroneous or contrary to law and are thus warranted. \"Accordingly... the court adopts the report's factual and legal analyses and determinations, as well as its substantive recommendations in their entirety as the Court's ruling as to Gurung's application for an award of damages,\" Marrero said.In his recommendation filed on February 21, Maas had said Gurung should be awarded the compensation as she was a victim of \"outrageous and shocking conduct.\" Gurung was employed by the Malhotras when Neena was serving as a counsellor at the Consulate General of India in Manhattan.Gurung had alleged that she was treated like a slave by the Malhotras and forced to work long hours without adequate compensation.Marrero's ruling came just days after the Delhi high court restrained Gurung from pursuing her lawsuit in the US.The Delhi court had also accepted the argument that Neena is a diplomat in the services of the Government of India and was sent in official capacity to the US and thus enjoys sovereign immunity.Any order passed by a court there would tantamount to interfering with the right of the Indian government to determine terms and conditions of employment of its diplomatic officers abroad, Justice Kailash Gambhir had ruled.A message left with Gurung's lawyer Mitchell Karlan seeking comment on the development in the case was not immediately answered. Neena, an Indian Foreign Service officer, served as a Press and Culture Counsellor at the Indian Consulate in New York from 2006-2009. When she came to New York in 2006, Neena brought Gurung from India to serve as her house maid.In July 2010, Gurung filed a complaint before the US court accusing Malhotras of ill-treating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12348439", "title": "Gurgaon women\u2019s helpline 0124-2335100: Trouble is, it doesn\u2019t work", "text": "GURGAON: \"Sorry, the dialled subscriber is not reachable, please try again later.\" When in trouble, try not to call the women's helpline number for the city. In all probability, you'll be greeted with this message.On Tuesday evening, TOI constantly tried to call the 24x7 number - 0124-2335100 - for over an hour but in vain. However, it is hard to believe that the city police department is actually flooded with calls from distressed women as, by its own admission, it receives around 10-20 calls in a day, leaving many to wonder if the phone is intentionally kept off the hook.After the recent gang rape incident, the Gurgaon police started the women's helpline number 0124-2335100, which is supposed to be operational 24x7.And just in case if you are fortunate enough and the call does get connected, don't be surprised if an immediate and desired assistance is not provided. Clearly, the women cops manning this helpline are not adequately trained to assist and provide instant succour.\"We get around 10-15 calls each day from various locations in the city. Most of the calls are related to domestic violence in which we try to counsel both parties. Sometimes women call to report harassment and in such cases we note the contact number of the person harassing the woman and tell him not to do so. If he still persists, we take necessary action,\" said a woman constable. In an irony of sorts, a man is in charge of the women's helpline.Despite repeated attempts, DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal could not be contacted. The residents are calling the initiative a farce. \"The helpline is meant to provide instant relief to those in distress and if the phone is constantly busy there is no point in having such a service. It's time the police got serious about women's safety,\" said Geetika Sharma, a DLF Phase III resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "12349473", "title": "Package deal: Marry &amp; get flat in Singapore", "text": "SINGAPORE: How does a man propose to his fiance in Singapore ? He gets down on his knees and says, \"Shall we apply for a HDB apartment?\"Locals may delight in narrating this anecdote, but over the past five decades Singapore's Housing &amp; Development Board (HDB) has created one of the world's finest public housing projects.Over 80% of the 3.8 million Singaporeans reside in subsidized flats.Till the mid-1960 s, the nation-state - just over oneand-a-half times larger than Mumbai - was dotted with over-crowded slum colonies and unsanitary, low-quality houses.By end-2010 , HDB had built close to a million affordable homes, of which 95% are owned , the rest rented out.\"Couples can apply for a flat, but they must marry within three months after it is allotted ,'' said Tay Koon Quie, HDB's principal estates officer.The monthly household income must be $7,908 for a family to be eligible for a house. The board provides a housing grant of $23,726 to each family and an additional $7,908 if the couple select an a flat close to where their parents reside.Last year, the HDB built 25,000 apartments and plans to provide an equal number this year. \"Virtually every Singaporean has been touched, in one way or another, by what HDB has achieved in 50 years. This is the story of modern Singapore ,'' Mah Bow Ta, Singapore's minister for national development , wrote.(This correspondent was in Singapore at the invitation of its ministry of information, communications and the arts)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349597", "title": "Rajasthan fares well, registers 9% decline in poverty", "text": "JAIPUR: In Rajasthan, if you earn more than Rs 846 per month (Rs 28.20 per day) in urban areas and Rs 755 per month (Rs 25.16 per day) in rural areas, then you are not below poverty line. The data was released by the Planning Commission on Monday.This is a jump from Rs 568.15 per month (Rs 18.93 per day) in urban areas and Rs 478 per month (Rs 15.23 per day) in rural areas for 2004-05.The poverty line figures for the state are marginally higher, especially in urban areas, compared to the national figures of Rs 672.80 per month (Rs 22.43) in rural areas and Rs 859.6 per month (Rs 28.65 per day) in urban area. While the data shows that poverty has significantly reduced, there's debate on the Commission further lowering the poverty line figures from the earlier Rs 32 per day in towns and Rs 26 per day in rural areas.As per the estimates released by the Planning Commission for 2009-10, over 24 lakh people have come out of the poverty line in Rajasthan since 2004-05. In 2004-05, a total of 34.4 % of the state's population (estimated at 5.65 crore under Census 2011) was below the poverty line, which has now come down to 24.8 %.Significantly, the decline in the number of persons below the poverty line in the state has been more or less evenly spread across the rural and urban areas. In the rural area, the poverty line figure stands at 26.4 %, a drop of 9.4 % from 35.8 % in 2004-05. In the urban centres, it is 19.9 %, a drop of 9.8 % from 29.7 % in 2004-05.According to experts, \"The decline in poverty level has been significant when compared to other states in the BIMARU category. Though Bihar, UP and Chhattisgarh have also shown a decline in poverty but the rate has been very slow. In Bihar, the total percentage of people below the poverty line is 53.5 %, for Uttar Pradesh it is 37.7 % and Chhattisgarh 48.7 %. Compared to these states, Rajasthan has recorded a 9% dip in poverty levels which is significant.\"Also, the MGNREGS (Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme) has fared well in the state in the initial years pumping in a lot of money in rural areas.However, according to the data, poverty amongst religious groups is one of the highest for Muslims, especially in urban areas, in the state. In Rajasthan, about 29.5 % Muslims living in urban areas are below the poverty line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349135", "title": "\u2018Car run\u2019 to spread awareness about Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The state industries department in association with Magadh Motor Sports Club has organised a 'Bihar centenary car run 2012' on the Patna-Dilli Haat (New Delhi)-Patna route as part of Bihar Diwas celebrations. As many as 11 teams with 25 participants left Patna on Tuesday for New Delhi from where the car run will be formally flagged off on March 22.The participants include Pranav Sahi and Sumita Sahi whose vehicle will display the logo of centenary celebrations of Bihar. The remaining ten vehicles will depict various themes like tourism, women empowerment, cuisines of Bihar, strides in agriculture and festivals of Bihar, among others.Rally coordinator Sumita Sahi said the participants include artists, doctors, engineers and entrepreneurs. A special camera team will record the interviews and reactions of people on the way and this will be compiled as a film which will be screened all over the state. The rallyists will be accompanied by a 'video on wheels' which will show documentary films on Bihar at stopovers after the sunset.\"The car run will cover the NCR on the first day and will go to Gurgaon. Next day it will go to Uttaranchal via Hardwar to proceed further to Dehradun. Mussoorie, Kanpur, Allahabad and Varanasi,\" Sumita Sahi said. Meanwhile, Bihar Pradeshik Marwari Sammelan organised a cycle rally on the theme of 'women empowerment' at the Gandhi Maidan on Tuesday to mark the Bihar Diwas celebrations. At least 270 girls of government schools participated in the rally after they were given new cycles at the venue as a prize for participation. Besides, the winner and first and second runners-up received Rs 11,000, Rs 5,100 and Rs 2,100 respectively as prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349195", "title": "\u2018Ram Van Gaman Path\u2019 project remains in limbo", "text": "BHOPAL: Four and a half years after it was mooted with much fanfare, the plans of the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh to locate and develop the route Lord Ram is believed to have used on his way to his 14-year-long exile, the 'Ram Van Gaman Path', remain on paper.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had launched the project 'Rampath Vikas' at Chitrakoot on November 21, 2007. Lord Ram is believed to have passed through Chitrakoot and its peripheries, which the government wanted to lever as a pilgrimage and tourist attraction. Chouhan had also announced a sanction of Rs 7.90 lakh for it.Experts say the state-funded project had some serious significance as perhaps the most important period in Lord Ram's life was when he went into exile for 14 years to keep the promise his father had made to his step-mother Kaikayi. It was his deeds during this period that raised him to the heights of Godhood.But religious scholars are still not sure about the exact places Lord Ram had visited during his exile.\"Apart from some preliminary paper work, nothing further was done during the last four-and-a-half years. All that remains is part of a report that an official of the state Rural Engineering Service (RES) prepared on how to go about the project\", top government sources said. Except for the first two pages of this report, none of its remaining 12 pages does anything more than mention the known religious importance of Chitrakoot region, besides a shallow description and a rough map based on the Ramayan. It also has details of work to be done at two ashrams, and the estimated cost.The state government had appointed the RES as a nodal agency for the project, but insiders say that a sum of Rs 45 lakh was spent initially on a few development works at Sarbangh and Sutishkna ashrams - as against the original allocation of Rs 7.90 crore. RES officials in Chitrakoot refused to comment. \"We need to check the latest on this\", they maintained.Pushpendra Pratap Singh, the then Satna district BJP president, had triggered the idea of 'Ram Van Gaman Path' in 2004 after discussing with scholars of Sri Ram Cultural Research Institute Trust, New Delhi.He had written to then chief minister Uma Bharati and later to then panchayat and rural development minister Narendra Singh Tomar. Subsequently, the government set the ball rolling for the project on November 2007 with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan making a formal announcement.'Claims not credible'Hindu scholars say that until now no serious and scientific efforts have been taken to identify the places Lord Ram visited during his Vanvas period in contemporary India. A few religious organizations and devotees have tried to locate these places out of religious convictions. But their claims are not backed by credible evidence. Starting from Ayodhya to Shringverpur, near Allahabad, Chitrakoot, Sarbhang Ashram, Sutishkna Ashram, Agastya Ashram, Panchvati, Kishkindha, Rameshwaram are among the important places, (now in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra, Karnataka and in Tamil Nadu respectively) where Lord Ram had spent his life during the 14 years of 'Vanvas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349452", "title": "Game shame infra in ruins", "text": "JAIPUR: Budding sportspersons admitted on the sports quota at the Rajasthan University are on a sticky wicket as lack of facilities in the university put brakes on their ambitions.At present, there is only one coach for swimming at he university. For other games, the RU has not recruited any coach. The posts for coaches of volleyball, athletics and hockey are lying vacant. There is only one indoor hall in the university which is used for multiple sports. The single hall caters to sports like table tennis, badminton, wrestling and air rifle shooting. The sports department officials claimed that they allowed players in shifts to practice for different games.If one visits the indoor stadium of RU, it will tell its own grim story. Every nook and corner of the indoor stadium has spider webs where mice have eaten into the woodwork and are easily visible. The stands and the balcony which are meant for sports lovers to cheer for their teams are in a bad shape. Gymnastic mattresses, athletics poles, unused chairs, boxing effigies, nets along with other unused sports equipment are placed in a haphazard manner.The badminton court, which is meant to produce national players, is not fit even to hold practice matches. It requires polish and repair work. The screws on the joints are dangerously above surface and can injure players. Windows of the indoor stadium are in a dilapidated condition and explain the reason of feathers lying on the surface everywhere. Thick layer of dust gather on gymnastics mattresses and indicated the time it was unused last. Instead of slogans to motivate players, the walls stained with spit marks.Since there is no electricity, it is really scary for anybody to visit the stadium. Till recently the basketball court of the university has rough patches making difficult for players to dribble, jump or shoot the ball. Naresh Kumar Choudhary, a sportsperson of RU, said the condition of the university's indoor stadium is really bad and needs a lot of work and attention of the varsity's sports department.All sportspersons of the university have to dig deep into their pockets to continue their practice sessions. The lack of facilities coupled with insufficient number of coaches is the bane of RU's sportspersons. Sudhir Meena, a volleyball player, who is also a law student in the university, alleged that RU failed to provide facilities promised during admissions. \"For every little thing, we have to pay money. For sports meet, they provide us several years' old kit which is not fit to our size,\" Meena said.The problem has forced many players, who could afford to pay hefty amount as fees, to opt for private sports coaching while some attend practice session at Sawai Man Singh stadium, especially in case of cricket as there is no coach for cricket in the university.RU has a lush green ground for cricket but there is no permanent coach to train the budding cricketers. An official of the Rajasthan State Sports Council said like any other cricketer of the city, students of RU also come for training at the SMS stadium.The university administration, however, claimed that the RU is among the top 10 universities of the country in terms of providing facilities to the sportspersons. Head of the sports department B S Rathore said, \"We have all the facilities for the sportspersons. For appointment of volleyball, athletics and hockey coaches, the process of recruitment is on and soon they will be recruited.\"Now, sportspersons of the university keep their hopes on Sports Authority of India (SAI) which had opened day boarding for athletics, basketball, volleyball, table tennis and wrestling some three years ago. It is the same coaches of SAI which are now proving coaching to the sportspersons of the university. But, apart from these five games, other sports like cricket, hockey, football, archery and various other disciplines are unattended.The officials of the university claimed that brighter days are ahead for the Rajasthan University sportspersons. \"A few days ago, a team of SAI visited the university and expressed interest in opening a 100-bedded sports hostel. The Centre will bear the cost of all the expenses of food, lodging, studies and kit of the sportspersons,\" Rathore said.He said there are plans for laying the synthetic turf for athletics and astro turf for hockey in the university. The costs of these turfs will run into lakhs of rupees. RU authorities also hoped that SAI would soon list the Rajasthan University as one of the cities like Delhi, Bangalore and Patiala to hold sports camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348613", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation collects over 90% property tax", "text": "SURAT: Like previous years, this year too Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) tax collection and recovery campaign in the last two months has yielded the desired results.When the new financial year is just 11 days away, SMC has recovered more than 90 per cent of its target in the case of property tax collection and has exceeded the figures achieved in professional tax. It has also collected four times the vehicle tax than it recovered in the last financial year.At a time when diamond unit holders have called for the strike in protest against the professional tax collection in the city, civic body has already collected Rs 62.25 crore, adding 50,000 more taxpayers in the net. tnnSMC plans to cover at least 2 lakh professional tax payers of the city. At present there are 1.25 lakh payers.\"Diamond industry contribution is just Rs 5 crore from this years professional collection,\" said Sharad Mehta, deputy commissionerm SMC. \"Actually it should be 25 per cent of the total collected in the city,\" he added.In the area of life time vehicle tax, SMC has collected Rs 24.75 crore more than what it collected last year.In case of property tax, SMC plans to reach to 94 to 95 per cent of total current demand. However recovery of arrears is proving to be a pain for the civic body. Against the demand of Rs 101 crore under this head, only Rs 35 crore is recovered.\"Our door-to-door survey during the tax recovery campaign is paying a good result and by the end of the financial year we would achieve all our targets,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349058", "title": "Mechanised umbrellas for traffic cops this summer", "text": "BHOPAL: The traffic cops in the city would soon get the cover of umbrella, a hands free umbrella to be precise, to protect them from blazing sun while they man the Bhopal city traffic. The traffic cops are exposed to the sun during the long working hours in summers in absence of a canopy at almost all the traffic junctions.The government has already placed and order for 100 such umbrellas. White in colour, the specially designed umbrella for the traffic cops would weigh around a kilogram and will cost Rs 1500 per piece. They are expected to be delivered by the month end, sources informed.Such umbrellas are already being used successfully by traffic constables in Kolkata.The umbrellas have been designed keeping a traffic cop's work at the busy traffic intersections in mind which require nonstop hand action. Instead of the cops holding the umbrella with its handle, it would be strapped on their waist with the help of a belt. The umbrella would go up from the back and will cover the top. Its operation would be mechanized.The colour of the umbrella would be white instead of the traditional black colour.The deputy superintendent of police MS Chhari said \"The idea is to save the cops from heat stroke in long summer working hours.As a majority of intersections in city do not have any cover for the policeman, it gets tough for them to control the traffic standing out in open in soaring mercury. Even officials cannot press them much to work in such harsh conditions hence a decision of introducing well designed umbrellas has been taken this time\", he added.Officials said if they serve the purpose, the same would be provided to the traffic cops in other cities as well.A traffic cop is directly exposed to dust, sun and smoke. More than 30% of them have being suffering with breathing and vision related problems. Health check-up camps are also organised on regular intervals.Officials said that in the past, masks were also provided to the traffic constables but in vain. The masks were provided to protect them from inhaling the smoke and dust while manning the traffic at places like Hamidia road. However, they hope, the umbrella experiment would succeed.Such umbrellas are already being used successfully by traffic constables in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349230", "title": "A big-ticket fraud", "text": "BANGALORE: The railway ministry may have hiked the platform ticket fare by Rs 2 with effect from April 1 to mop up some extra revenue. But much before the ministry, telephone booth operators functioning on the City Railway Station premises have realized the true worth of platform tickets and are making a killing by selling them in black.The phone operators, though, are aided by four platform ticket vending machines that go kaput at the slightest excuse. The only other place where platform tickets are available, counter No. 5, is either closed or has a huge queue before it. With the station registering 1.3 lakh footfalls daily, the four telephone operators, authorized by the railways to also sell platform tickets, have the ground ready for them to make that extra buck. They sell platform tickets at Rs4 a piece, against the face value of Rs 3. Whenever the machines go kaput, the operators make anywhere between Rs 500 to Rs 1,500.With the foot fall increasing in the railway station during summer vacations, the traffic at the station is more than 1.3 lakh and thus the season for rule breakers to mint money from telephone booths!On Tuesday, a TOI reporter found the lone automatic platform ticket vending machine inside the station out of action. Counter No. 5 too was closed. Acting on a shopkeeper's advice, the reporter rushed to a telephone booth on the premises. The person in the booth handed away a platform ticket and demanded Rs 4. The reporter's disbelief was met with a one-liner. \"I take Rs 1 as service charge, if you don't want give it back.\" Railway police were promptly alerted but on going to the booth, they found that it shut and the operator had vanished. \"Physically handicapped persons have been given permission to set up telephones booths within the station premises. They have been authorized to sell platform tickets. It is an offence that they sell tickets for Rs 4. Action will be taken against them. The issue will be brought to the notice of commercial branch of the railway department,\" station manger S R Bhaskar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352039", "title": "Audition for Indian Idol 6", "text": "More than three thousand singers, with dreams of making it big in their eyes thronged a city school campus to audition for the sixth season of the singing reality show, \" Indian Idol\".The participants gave it their all, this was one of the biggest chances of their lives - to prove their singing talent. The auditions culminated with the selection of 50 youngsters from Jaipur, who have qualified for the next round. Among the participants, a group of Rajasthani folk artistes caught everybody's attention. Listening to their folk music, television host Mini Mathur asked them, \"Ye jo aap baja rahe hain, iss instrument ka naam kya hai? It's truly amazing.\" It was the old Rajasthani folk instrument Rawanhathha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349043", "title": "Youth detained for misbehaving with woman in Patna", "text": "PATNA: The police detained a youth, Pawan, for allegedly passing comments on a woman near Shitala Maata Mandir under By Pass police station on Tuesday. The police said that the woman was administering polio drops to children near the temple and four youths who were loitering around, passed comments on her and added that she objected to their behaviour and complained to a homeguard jawan, Nandlal Rai, posted nearby.Bypass PS SHO Manoj Kumar said that when Rai objected to the youths' behaviour, they had a scuffle with him, causing minor injury to the jawan. Road blocked: Residents of Silwan House, Birla Mandir, under Pirbahore police station blocked the road in the locality and placed burning tyres on the road, paralyzing the movement of vehicles for over two hours.They alleged that they were being forced to vacate the place by the henchmen of an MLA. However, Pirbahore police station SHO Asrar Ahmad said that the plot belonged to one late K D Banerjee and he has obtained an order from the Patna High Court to get the land vacated. He said that owner of the land has given the land to a builder, who is close to a ruling party MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349968", "title": "New Regional Plan after due talks: Governor", "text": "PORVORIM: Governor K Sankaranarayanan in his 30-minute long address to the Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday assured that the present Regional Plan 2021 would be replaced with a new one and reiterated the government's belief \"in grassroots planning and participation of people in all developmental activities of the state\".The governor's speech, quite a few times, openly blamed the previous Congress government for corruption and misgovernance. In this context, the governor said, \"My government will take corruption head-on and will not tolerate those found involved in corruption and malpractices.\" Referring to the Goa Lokayukta Bill 2011 awaiting the President's assent, the governor stated the government will obtain \"the President's assent at the earliest so that our promise to have zero tolerance to corruption is delivered\". The governor also promised a \"crack down on illegal mining as also the mafia involved in such illegal operations\". Stating that the government wishes to reduce the Goan economy's dependence on the mining sector, the governor said it will try to increase revenues from legal mining and \"plough back a substantial part of the revenue to provide better infrastructure as also for reversal of environmental degradation\".The governor also reiterated the government's commitment to reforestation of mining dumps and denial of any additional diversion of forest areas for mining. Regarding the long-pending issue of garbage , the governor said the government \"will come out with a plausible solution soon\".In a pointed rebuke to former health minister Vishvajit Rane, the governor said, \"Over the last five years, there has been a neglect of basic health facilities leaving a lot to be desired. My government will ensure better hygienic facilities by improving the standard of health centres, sub-centres and also hospitals.\"The governor also promised greater focus on the quality of school education. \"Education of children with special needs will be further improved. The issue of school dropouts and enrolments will be given maximum attention. My government will lay greater focus broadly on quality education, development of basic infrastructure with greater emphasis on drinking water and hygienic toilet facilities especially for girl students,\" Sankaranarayanan said.The governor promised to improve the crime detection rate and revamp the police department in order \"to crack down on drug mafia rackets and crime networking\". Expressing serious concern over road safety in Goa, the governor said the government will introduce road safety patrol scheme in all schools in a phased manner and will also ensure that all Kadamba transport corporation drivers are given training and refresher courses at regular intervals.The governor assured the government's \"special efforts\" to encourage small and marginal farmers to continue their traditional occupations. He also assured the exploration of possibilities to provide suitable education in agriculture and horticulture at the school level and promised to set up an agricultural school in Goa.Noting that \"the youth are feeling insecure and demoralized due to the previous government's failure to create gainful employment opportunities, existence of nepotism and corrupt practices\", the governor assured to take steps to promote industries and to create jobs for the youth in Goa.The governor said that with the 12th five year plan period set to start with the beginning of the financial year 2012-13, \"my government will make all efforts in raising necessary financial resources to sustain the annual plan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347797", "title": "Mehrauli wall collapse: Eleven cops face action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The role of 11 policemen is under the scanner for the Mehrauli wall collapse incident of February this year in which four children had died. Investigations have revealed a nexus between the builder mafia and police. A departmental inquiry has been initiated against the 11 cops from Mehrauli police station, sources said.The action came after a vigilance report was sent to the department and 11 policemen - a sub-inspector, 3 head constables and 7 constables - have been sent to district lines. Of the 11 policemen, four have been identified as sub-inspector Praveen, and head constables Naresh, Virender and Jagpal, police said.On February 26, a portion of a wall of a four-storied building that was being built illegally, collapsed. Four kids were trapped under the rubble and died. The incident took place at D-block of Chhatarpur extension, an unauthorized colony in south Delhi. The children lived with their families in a cluster right under the building. The owner of the collapsed building, Baldev Singh, and the contractor were later arrested.According to residents, the building had come up in two months and this was only possible with a strong nexus between builders, land owners and police.The builder and the contractor had flouted norms and not used good quality material in construction, police sources said. Police had collected a sample of the cement mixture from the spot and sent it for examination. Despite getting a 'stop work' notice from MCD on January 6, the illegal construction in the area continued. Police were also reportedly aware about the rampant illegal construction in the area, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12350800", "title": "Tripura assembly suspended after obituary reference", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura assembly was suspended for the day on Tuesday after paying homage to MLA Sukumar Burman who died on March 10.At the beginning of the session, government chief whip Samir Deb Sarkar said Burman was a sitting MLA and he died following a cerebral stroke. Leader of the Opposition Ratan Lal Nath said after reading the obituary, the session for the day might be suspended.After the reading of the obituary and observing two minutes silence, the session was suspended for a day. Burman was a prominent leader of Schedule Caste Community of ruling CPI-M, who was elected to the assembly five times. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12350992", "title": "CCTV project delayed till June", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city's wait for completion of the CCTV project has become longer due to slow progress of work. The project, scheduled to be completed this month, has been delayed by another three months and will not see the light of day until June. The city police had taken up the project to install 290 CCTV cameras at 91 vulnerable locations in January.Though the installation is complete at Ulubari and Ganeshguri, the other locations are yet to start the process. \"The work is in progress in Fancy Bazar, but we will not be able to meet the deadline as the firm doing the job has asked us for more time. It has sent a letter to the Assam police headquarter asking for the deadline to be extended to June,\" said a senior police officer involved with the project. The Assam police have outsourced Germany-based company LevelOne for the cabling.Officials of Kamrup (metro) district administration, Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and city police have completed the location assessment to install the CCTV cameras. \"Cabling work is in progress in 30 locations ,But the installation of cameras are yet to be started in these locations,\" added the police official.When asked on the slow progress of the work in installing of the surveillance cameras, an official of LevelOne said the delay was because of logistical problems and shortage of manpower. Moreover, moost of the locations are busy area making the work more difficult. \"As of now, we are doing cabling work in Fancy Bazar area. But with the market area always crowded, the workers cannot do their job properly. We are working on Sundays and other holidays when there is less rush,\" said the LevelOne official.The 2MP-resolution cameras can capture clear footage in 30-metre range. \"The cameras are weatherproof and function during day and night. When necessary, police can zoom in on the visuals,\" he added. The cameras have 16X digital zoom facilities. The CCTV surveillance project was initiated on the recommendation of the Enquiry Committee headed by retired IPS officer D N Dutta which was constituted by the government in the aftermath of the serial blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12350814", "title": "Our government has transformed Manipur\u2019s economy: Okram Ibobi Singh", "text": "IMPHAL: Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has stated that his government's sincere efforts and generous assistance from the UPA government at the Centre have contributed significantly in bringing about a tangible and visible transformation in Manipur's economy in the last 10 years.\"Our Gross State Domestic Product has almost tripled from just Rs 3,506 crore in 2002-03 to Rs 10.188 crore in 2011-02 at current prices and per capita income has also more than doubled from Rs 14,787 to Rs 36,085 during the period,\" Ibobi Singh, who also holds the finance portfolio, informed the assembly on Tuesday.Introducing the demand for grants for the 2012 -13 fiscal (vote on account), the chief minister said a large number of development projects covering the entire gamut of state's economy have been implemented to provide a much-needed fillip to the state's fledging social and physical infrastructure.The development projects, he said, ranged from agriculture and allied sectors to the economic services sector such as irrigation, power and roads. On state finances, Ibobi Singh said Manipur being an underdeveloped state with hardly any private sector presence, government investment, across all sectors of the economy, becomes a key driver for growth and development of the state.Apart from this, the state has to invest heavily on the police establishment to maintain law and order, especially in view of militant activities, blockade of national highways and frequent bandhs, he said.\"As a result, security related expenditure imposes a heavy burden on the state exchequer. The total expenditure on maintenance of police and state para military has increased sharply by 40 per cent in the last one year. Expenditure on the state police is estimated to constitute 20 per cent of the total estimated non-plan revenue expenditure of Rs 4033.06 crore during 2011-12 ,\" the chief minister added.The priority of his government, he said, will be to consolidate and broaden the initiatives over the next five years, which also happens to coincide with the 12th Five Year Plan period, with greater vigour and energy. Improving power supply, road network and drinking water supply are some of the areas which the government is trying to focus from the current fiscal year itself.\"Our endeavour over the next five years would be to give special focus on power, road connectivity and drinking water - the three essential services which affect the daily life of every individual in society,\" he said. Since the plan size for 2012 -13 has not yet been finalized, details of projects, schemes and activities that would be taken up during the annual plan of the same fiscal could not be finalized, the CM added.He, nevertheless, identified some of the thrust areas for the 12th Five Year Plan after careful consideration of the economic and social challenges that lie ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348363", "title": "Missing student returns home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police traced a missing child to Vadodara on Monday. However, before a team could go there for investigation, the missing child, Ravi, appearing in class X exams, came back home at Shahibaug police headquarters on Tuesday.According to Madhavpura police officials, Arvindsinh Yadav, a police constable with city police headquarters, had lodged a complaint that his son Ravi, 16, a student of Rajasthan High School in Shahibaug, went missing after appearing in his exam on Monday. Police soon sprung into action and started tracking the calls he made and confirmed Ravi's location to Vadodara city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349118", "title": "CID will investigate question paper leak", "text": "BANGALORE: Primary and secondary education minster Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri on Tuesday ordered a CID inquiry into the Mathematics exam paper leak and promised action against the miscreants.Even hours after the paper leak, the department of PU education was in denial mode. Later, department officials secured a copy from the tahsildar around 1.30am to confirm an hour later that it was, indeed, a replica of the original. Since the decision to postpone the exam was made in the night, the authorities told students about the cancellation at the exam centres.Sources said the paper was leaked around 4.30pm on Monday and sold in three private colleges in Chintamani. Lecturers allegedly tried to secure copies for their students. Later, the papers made their way to Malur and Mulbagal via photo-copying. There was a buzz that the paper was leaked online. A clueless PU department suspects that the leak may have taken place at the sub-treasury level. The question paper is printed, stored and distributed through a time-tested system. After printing in a press whose name and location are kept confidential, they are taken to sub-treasury in trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351486", "title": "Priyanka to play Jaya in new Zanjeer", "text": "Remake of the 1973 blockbuster will feature the actress playing the street smart female lead albeit in a 21st Century settingSpeculations that Priyanka Chopra has been sidelined by the industry courtesy a certain powerful clique may now be put to rest. Mirror has learnt that in the upcoming remake of the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer to be directed by Apoorva Lakhia, the actress has bagged the coveted role essayed by Jaya Bachchan in the original film.For her part in the new age Zanjeer that is set against an oil mafia backdrop, it is rumoured that Priyanka has been offered a cool Rs 11 crore.The film co-produced by Prakash Mehra's son Amit Mehra and Reliance Entertainment will go on floors on April 13 at Film City.We've learnt that Priyanka, who met the creators of the remake a few days ago, is up for the challenge and will mostly give her nod of approval soon.She will play a NRI cafe owner, who is spunky and bold. A friend of the actress said, \"It's a big coincidence that she has been asked for three Amitabh Bachchan remakes Don, Agneepath and now this.\"The friend added, \"Priyanka has seen Prakash Mehra's Zanjeer several times. She is very excited about this offer and is fast working out her dates for it.\"While Priyanka remained unavailable for comment, her spokesperson confirmed the news, \"Priyanka has been approached for the film,\" adding, \"But she is still to take a final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348444", "title": "Dhanush gives credit to music director for success of \u2018Kolaveri\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Venkatesh Prabhu has the world at his feet but makes sure he has his head firmly on his shoulders. Venkatesh Prabhu who? It's Dhanush, we're talking about. On Tuesday, Dhanush crooned his famous 'Why this Kolaveri di?' at the audio release function of his forthcoming film '3' in the city.\"It's okay. What else can I say?\" was all that the 29-year-old Dhanush said when TOI queried him about how he could manage to be so humble with all the praise that has been coming his way. \"It is all God's grace. It is not difficult to be this way,\" Dhanush's wife Aishwarya, director of `3' and daughter of Rajnikanth said in response to the same question. The film '3' in which Dhanush pairs with Kamal Haasan's daughter Shruti Haasan is set for release on March 30 in both Tamil and Telugu. On Monday, the audio of the film was released. Dhanush sang the 'World's most famous song' along with 21-year-old Anirudh Ravichander, music director of the song.The lanky Dhanush, dressed in a simple shirt, jeans and wearing chappals tied a blue head scarf all through the function. And with all the glare on him, Dhanush only kept drinking water on the stage. If he became emotional at any time was the moment when his mother Vijayalakshmi walked up the stage and planted a kiss on the forehead of her son. It is another matter that Dhanush got the national award for best actor last year but it is 'Kolaveri' that has catapulted him to fame. \"The credit should go to music director Anirudh and my wife Aishwarya,\" he told the audience which was floored by his humility. \"Even if it was sung by any other person, he would have got the same attention,\" he said refusing to acknowledge that he indeed had achieved something. \"I'm an actor by accident. I am being given undue credit,\" he said.Dhanush also sang another song with Shruti Haasan, the leading lady of the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351814", "title": "Tota to play Sourav Ganguly's role", "text": "It's a role that was reportedly offered to Sourav Ganguly. Now, Tota Roychoudhury - arguably the fittest actor in Tollywood - has bagged the cricket coach's part in the Bengali remake of the Telugu blockbuster \" Golconda High School\".\"I have signed the film on Monday. \"Golconda High School\" was a runaway hit in Andhra Pradesh. I didn't have second thoughts before signing on. It's a story of a school cricket team that is on a losing spree. An ex-school team captain then comes back as the coach and turns things around. I will be playing the coach. Work will probably start by the first week of May,\" says Tota.The original, written and directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti, was based on the book, The Men Within, written by Hari Mohan Paruvu. If everything falls into place the Bengali version will be also the first directorial venture of ace cinematographer Bharani, who has worked in most films of Malayalam superstar Prithviraj.\"There will be 13 teenagers who will be groomed for the film. There's a hint of romance between my character and the English teacher. This will not be a big-budget film but a meaningful one,\" says Tota.The production house had bought the rights for the film almost four months ago. \"I was in Hyderabad in January 2011 when \"Golconda High School\" released. I just loved the film and it was a big hit there. The storyline is not something that Tollywood has seen before. Tota was a natural choice for the film because of his love for sports. He fits the cricket coach's bill perfectly,\" says Satabdi Das of the production house.Ace Bengali cricketer Sambaran Banerjee may be approached to groom the teens for the film. \"We are having auditions for the English teacher's role. She will not be the usual saucy heroine but a normal school teacher. Since this is a new team, we are also planning to give a newcomer the responsibility of writing the script,\" Satabdi adds.The name of the school and the film itself are yet to be decided. \"There will be some changes in the script to fit in the sensibilities of Tollywood,\" Satabdi says.Chak De anyone?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12349998", "title": "Another lavish party...", "text": "LUDHIANA: The heat has been turned on as Sutlej Club members wait in anticipation for its elections. On Monday two more candidates joined the brigade of those throwing swish parties to woo supporters. Businessman Gurinder Singh Laddi, who has pitched himself against Gulshan Kumar for the post of vice-president, and veterinary doctor Rohit Dutta, standing for the post of general secretary, hosted a party at a resort on Ferozepur Road.Over 1,000 people attended the bash. Gurinder, a resident of South City, said he hosted the party to share his plans for the club and how he can be an asset for it. ''I know Gulshan is contesting for the same post and there is a kind of friendly match between us. There is nothing personal about it,\" he said.Dr Sandeep Puri, who stays in Tagore Nagar, said he is supporting Gurinder. ''He is the perfect one for the post of vice-president,'' said Sanjay Batra of Civil Lines. BRS Nagar's Nitu Jaggi also vouched for Gurinder. ''I have known him for many years and I have blind faith in him,\" he added.Dr Rohit, who stays in Moti Nagar, said it's the first time he is contesting the elections.Industrialist Sandeep Jain of Civil Lines said everyone should be given a chance to prove his abilities. Mall Enclave-resident Mahesh Goyal said he will help Rohit win the elections. Giving a thumbs up for the party, industrialist Puppy Saluja, who stays on Ferozepur Road, said he enjoyed a lot and it was great time for club members to bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348854", "title": "HC quashes Rita\u2019s plea for CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday dismissed the petition filed by UP Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi seeking a CBI probe into arson at her house during the BSP regime.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice SN Shukla and Justice RVS Rathore after considering the petition on merit. Joshi's house was set afire allegedly by some BSP supporters. The names of the powerful BSP supporters Intezaar Abdi alias Bobby and ex-MLA Jitendra Singh alias Babloo had figured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349471", "title": "Rajasthan University \u2018sidelines\u2019 physical edu department", "text": "JAIPUR: Poor sports facilities have discouraged a number of students applying for a degree course in physical education in the Rajasthan University. Over the years, the number of applications seeking admission in the course has reduced reflecting the dismal condition of the state's biggest sports department. For the last 10 years, the government has not recruited any physical education professor in the university nor in any of the affiliated college across the state.\"This situation has discouraged students to pursue the course, which in turn, is shaking the foundation of sports in the country,\" an admission official said. They offer three courses in physical education which included the Bachelor degree, Master's degree and the M Phil degree. It also offers a diploma course in yoga at the university campus.This year the department of physical education has received only 40 applications against 20 seats in their premier BA programme of the physical education. Whereas, for the Master's degree programme which has 20 seats, the number of applications received till date is 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12348493", "title": "Barren Ahmedabad yearns for green cover", "text": "Walking down the green canopy to escape the sweltering summer heat may remain a pipe dream for Amdavadis in the years to come. A reality check on the city's green cover depicts a grim picture. Denizens have less than one tree per head in this neo mega city of Gujarat.A tree census being conducted by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has come up with this stark data. The city with its population of 55.71 lakh has a meager tree count of 4.40 lakh. That means 0.08 tree per head and just 9.45 trees per hectare. To provide a clearer picture, if Amdavadis were to hunt for natural shade, each tree - big or small - will have 12 to 13 persons vying for a small piece shade.According to AMC sources, the city's green canopy is among the worst in Gujarat. \"The state average is 12 trees per hectare. This dismal status shouldn't come as a surprise as the city has added only 1 lakh trees in the last seven years. A tree count taken up in 2005 had showed only 3.38 lakh trees in the city,\" said AMC officials.Going by the data available in the recent tree census, Ahmedabad's green count has grown marginally to 4.40 lakh. This count does not take the cantonment area into account. AMC officials estimate that there are nearly 1 lakh trees in the cantonment area, which would take the count to around 5.5 lakh trees.A senior AMC officer said that when the city covered 190 sq km, there were 3.48 lakh trees. Now, although the city has grown to 466 sq km, the tree density has failed to keep pace.\"The average density of population is 11,954 per sq km, while the tree count was just 1,180 trees per sq km. While the 2012 census showed a tree count of 9.45 trees per hectare (minus cantonment area), the 2005 census had revealed a count of 18.31 trees per hectare owing to the smaller size of city,\" AMC officials said.Officials added that even the rural areas of Gujarat have a much better tree count of 26 crore, which was over four trees per head. An AMC officer explained that ideally there are around 980-odd trees with girth of 10 cm in one hectare. \"Going by this estimation, the city has green cover in only 470 hectares. The rest is either bereft of trees or are concrete jungles,\" he said.Count dwindling but Gandhinagar still greenestGandhinagar continues to be the city with most number of trees. The state capital has around 150 trees per hectare which has the highest density in the state. A officer said that tree density has taken a beating even in the capital city as it has fallen from over 200 tree per hectare to 150 trees per hectare. An official in the forest department said that the city still has large green patches which includes Gujarat Ecological Education and Research (GEER) and its surroundings.Ahmedabad's lungsGujarat University, ATIRA Campus, CEE, cantonment, airport, Vatva GIDC estate are the greenest patches in the city. A forest official said that the city may have the density of around 9 trees per hectare, which is much higher than the city average. In the areas like Gujarat University, the density will be about 50 trees per hectare. In 2005 count Vatva had recorded the highest number of trees. Of the 3.48 lakh trees, 21.7% of the trees were in Vatva.Walled city is barrenThe walled city area of Khadia and Kalupur are the localities with the lowest tree count. Even the in 2005 tree count these areas had the lowest number of trees per hectare. The reason remains that the walled city is highly congested was highly as well as high level of commercial activity. There are few open spaces for trees to growHopes bushwhackedThe forest department had sought satellite images just before launching the official tree count this year. The images showed several green patches in the state. However, the hopes of the officials were dashed to find these green patches were only shrubs and did not qualify to be counted as trees. A senior forest officer said: \"When the tree enumerators went to the so-called green areas, they found only shrubs either gando baval or small bushes. As per guidelines, a tree is one that is about 4-5 feet in height and with a girth of 10 cm.\"Cantonment has highest tree densityArmy cantonment with an area of 1,400 hectares in Sahibaugh area probably has the highest tree density in the city. According to forest officials it is estimated that this area, which is yet to be covered in the tree count exercise, has around one lakh trees. An official said that this area could have over 75 trees per hectare which is a healthy sign. The area surrounding the cantonment too has a good tree density. \"The authorities were not able to carry out the count in the cantonment earlier. Now the army officials have granted permission for the same. This is a mammoth exercise as the density is more and the area is also big,\" said the forest department official.Times ViewThe Gujarat government claims that it is the first dispensation in India to have a dedicated department to tackle climate change. Such initiatives are welcome. But they must go beyond tokenism to be effective. Among the gravest threats to environment is the denudation of green cover. And the latest tree census being carried out by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation suggests that the city has only 0.08 tree per head. The data is disturbing, especially for a state whose chief minister has written a book on environment. The green crusade must be intensified so that it yields more satisfying outcomes than expression of good intentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348851", "title": "Police canecharge aspiring teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than a dozen TET (Teacher Eligibility Test) qualified candidates were injured in the police lathicharge at Hussainganj crossing on Tuesday morning. The candidates were demanding immediate recruitment and a talk with either chief minister Akhilesh Yadav or a senior government functionary.Trouble started when the candidates carrying placards that read 'Hamare ummed ki cycle aap (you are our bicycle of hope - SPs punchline during polls)' started marching from Charbagh towards the Vidhan Sabha. The candidates demanded an assurance of an early solution to the TET mess. They also raised anti-government slogans.They were stopped midway by the police. When the police asked them to submit a memorandum and leave, the crowd went berserk at Hussainganj crossing. The police first used water cannons to disperse the mob. But when that proved ineffective, the cops resorted to lathicharge. The clash blocked the traffic between Vidhan Sabha and Station Road.Another group of TET qualified candidates staged a protest at Jhulelal park.Awantika, a successful candidate, said: \"TET had created lot of hope among unemployed people. Majority of those who took the exam come from humble background and are in dire need of a job. Unfortunately, the test came out to be a money game for officials leaving us nowhere.''Defending the police action, SP (East) Vijay Bhushan said: \"We tried to pacify the crowd for nearly four hours but they were adamant reaching the state assembly. The girls led the crowd and used abusive language when we tried to mellow them down. There was no option left as the traffic was severely hit.'' He added that no one was seriously injured and some protesters got minor bruises. Present on the spot were additional district magistrate, trans-Gomti, Devendra Pandey, ADM (East) AK Singh and assistant city magistrate Arvind Singh. TET was conducted for the first time on November 13 last year. However, when large-scale anomalies were reported, the Mayawati government had ordered a probe. On February 8, the then secondary education director Sanjay Mohan was arrested and subsequently suspended after his name surfaced in the scam. He was alleged of duping unemployed youth by promising them success in the test.The successful TET candidates have demanded the SP government to begin the recruitment process immediately. \"If the senior officials are found guilty, they should be punished. Why the innocent qualified candidates should bear the brunt. There are reports that the officials are thinking of cancelling the exam, which is unfair,'' said Pratyush Mishra, a qualified TET candidate. After TET results were declared on November 26, it came to light that some anti-social elements were trying to lure youth by promising them success in the test. The test was aimed at recruiting teachers in primary and upper primary schools. A total of 11,53,155 candidates took the test. Out of these, 2.70 lakh candidates cleared it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350145", "title": "Charted accountants discuss effect of budget", "text": "LUDHIANA: A seminar on Union Budget 2012 was organized by the Ludhiana branch of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) at ICAI Bhawan near Pakhowal road.Charted accountant (CA) Sanjay Aggarwal, central council member of ICAI; CA Girish Ahuja, eminent scholar, tax consultant and author from New Delhi were the keynote speakers for income tax and chartered accountancy. Ashok Batra from New Delhi, eminent CA and author of various books on taxation was the guest speaker for service tax.The event started with a welcome address by the newly-elected branch chairman, Jasminder Singh, who shared perspective initiatives to be taken by the Ludhiana branch for the members and CA students.CA Ashok Batra talked about the recent amendments in service tax. He said that the number of services were just two in 1994. He said that the new services introduced will go on increasing inflation in common services such as life insurance and cable TV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348752", "title": "Most wanted human trafficker held", "text": "CHENNAI: A city-based racketeer, wanted by Interpol for trafficking youths and women to Australia by ferry, was arrested near Nagapattinam on Sunday.Acting on a tip-off, 'Q' branch police laid a trap and nabbed 'Italy' A Rajan alias Rajan alias Soundararajan, 43, a native of Jaffna in Sri Lanka, from a hideout in Nagapattinam. A satellite phone was seized from him and Rajan was remanded in prison. A hunt is on for his associates.Rajan told police that he and his associate, identified by police as Dayalan of Colombo, regularly sent migrants, mostly Sri Lankan Tamils, to Australia after collecting Rs 3 lakh from each. A sum of Rs 1 lakh would be given to the broker bringing a migrant to Rajan.Rajan, who had links with Kerala fishermen, \"would buy an old trawler or mechanized fishing boat at a cheap price and then modify it to house migrants,\" a police officer said.Each ferry, carrying 30-40 people, reached Christmas Island, 800 km from Australia and under Canberra's control, after a journey of 15 days. \"It carried 3,000 litres of diesel and 2,000 litres of drinking water, rice and vegetables and the migrants bathed in sea water,\" a police officer said.On entering Australian waters, the ferry would be taken to Christmas Island and the people in it admitted to a special camp. After a thorough check, they would be flown to an Australian city and granted Australian citizenship after a while. Most landed jobs that paid at least $1,500 (Australian) a month, police said based on Rajan's confession.Sources said Rajan, a Class 8 dropout, left Maamunai in Jaffna for Italy at age 10 to work as a servant and returned home after the December 26, 2004 tsunami. He met Dayalan, who was involved in the human trafficking racket, and joined the racket.Rajan was then arrested and booked by the Colombo police for indulging in human trafficking. He escaped and stayed for some time in Jaffna and came to Trichy in Tamil Nadu and stayed in a refugee camp where he married a Sri Lankan woman named Yamuna. He soon moved to Chennai and was continuing the racket from here when the Colombo police, still on his trail, got a red corner notice issued by Interpol to trace Rajan. He again moved south, to Nagapattinam where he was finally caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12349801", "title": "VMC, police lock horns over pending dues", "text": "VADODARA: As the financial year 2011-12 reaches fag end, a controversy over pending bills has erupted between the city police and Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC). Both the sides have issued hefty bills for services they provided to each other and now expect the other party to oblige.The city police and VMC provide various services to each other that are billed. The VMC procures and installs traffic lights and similar equipment for the city police that has to foot fifty per cent of the expense.At the other end, the police provide security for demolition drives and other such purposes to the civic body that are payable. The city police are also eligible for payments for the services they provide to the civic body for ensuring that cattle is carried to cattle ponds that are largely outside the city.The VMC had recently issued missive to the city police regarding various pending bills. Officials claimed that between 2001 and 2008 expenses of around Rs 2.5 crore were made on traffic infrastructure like streetlights in the city. The city police will have to contribute around Rs 1.25 crore towards this. And this does not include the works done in the recent years. Officials added that till 2001 such payments were made by the civic body.At the other end, the city police have sought payments for three different bills from the civic body. The bills pertaining to security provided for various purposes as well as that for cattle amount to over Rs 55 lakh. The bills are for the period between 2007 and 2011, said a VMC official.Vadodara joint commissioner of police D J Patel said the process of issuing bills to the civic body for security provided to them was a routine one. \"The case is similar in other cities,\" he said. Patel added that the city police did not have any provisions for paying a civic body for traffic infrastructure. He, however, said that he would have to inquire if any such payments have been made in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350053", "title": "\u2018Gabru Punjab da\u2019 comes calling from UK", "text": "LUDHIANA: For singer Jatinder Kumar Bhutta, who is settled in United Kingdom, home is where his people are. In the city since the last couple of weeks, he said being born and brought up in UK has not made him forget his roots. Promoting his debut album ''Gabru Punjab Da\", Jatinder, who is more popularly known as JK, said he chose to come to Ludhiana as two of his father's brothers stay in the city. ''I wanted to promote my album, by word of mouth and I knew they will support me fully in my new venture,'' he said.Talking about his album, JK said, \"It has 11 songs that he has written, sung and acted in. They include folk, hip hop and even wedding songs. The album was released in June 2011 in the UK but I have released it here only a couple of days ago. I was given the best debut award by the Asian Music Awards and Brit Asia Music Awards,\" he said.JK's relatives are impressed with him. Inderjeet Singh, a resident of Focal Point, said he feels proud that even though JK was brought up in UK he has not forgotten his roots. ''We have had many get togethers and all my friends enjoy because JK sings for us,\" he said.The singer's paternal uncle Kebi Singh of Jalandhar bypass said he has been telling all his friends that his brother's son has cut an album.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348494", "title": "CBI wants Gali\u2019s aide named accused No 7", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI that is investigating the OMC illegal mining case on Tuesday filed a memo in the special court urging it to add Mahafuz Ali Khan, personal assistant of mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, as the seventh accused in the case.Khan, a native of Bellary in Karnataka, went underground after Gali Janardhan Reddy was arrested by the CBI in the OMC case. He surrendered before court on the day when CBI officials had taken Gali to a Bangalore court last month. He was then questioned by the Bangalore CBI sleuths.In the memor to the court, the CBI alleged that Gali a 'haptha raj' in Karnataka wherein the owners of rival mining companies were coerced into selling their ore to the companies owned by him and those of his PA Ali Khan at cheaper rates. Ali Khan owns a firm called Devi Enterprises which collected most of the ore in Karnataka and then exported to various countries, the investigating agency said. Apart from this, Khan also managed the accounts and records of OMC and AMC and was in the know of intricacies like collection of ore and its subsequent exports, the revenue generated thus etc, RM Khan, the CBI's chief investigating officer in the OMC case, told the court.The hard disc seized by the Income Tax sleuths in the Bellary residence of Ali Khan showed several vital leads and it was essential to have him added as an accused in the OMC case as well, he said. He is already made an accused in the AMC case of Karnataka.CBI to quiz Srilakshmi's kin: Justice R Subash Reddy on Tuesday permitted the CBI to question Rakesh Babu, brother-in-law of IAS officer Srilakshmi, for his alleged involvement in the Obulapuram mining case but made clear that the investigating agency should do so in the presence of his counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348658", "title": "Water meter for each flat feasible: PMC", "text": "PUNE: Appealing to elected representatives to pave the way for installation of water meters, the civic administration has expressed its readiness to install meters for each flat in the city.\"After approving the proposal, the civic standing committee once again wants to reconsider the same. The administration is waiting for the go ahead from the committee and the General Body (GB). Once the proposal is approved we will start further process,\" said civic water department head V G Kulkarni.\"The civic administration is ready with execution plans. It is very much feasible to install individual water meters in societies so that every flat owner can pay charges as per the usage. There are various ways to charge individual water usage, including charging the flat owner as per the sq ft area of the flat,\" said Kulkarni.The civic standing committee in November 2011 had approved the administration's proposal of 24x7 water supply scheme. The panel had approved an Italian consultant firm, Studio Galli Ingegneria (SGI), to implement the scheme.\"But, now the committee wants to reconsider the proposal,\" said Kulkarni. The new standing committee which came into existence on Monday will elect its chairman next week and the decision on water meter is expected.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has already appealed political parties to support the administration to install water meters. In the GB meet on Monday Pathak said that water meter is the only solution available to curb excess use of water.According to the civic administration, the city has problems with unequal distribution of water, as core areas receive more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have stressed the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help equal distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the amount of water they use.The Union government is pressing for metered water supply in all cities that receive funds under the JNNURM to ensure that civic bodies recover the cost of water supply. Also, water meters ensure equitable supply of water. Few years back, the civic administration had tried to introduce metered water supply, claiming that it would help calculate water tax accurately. However, the PMC general body scrapped the system for domestic users, and has been billing them on the basis of the annual ratable value of their properties.Among the shortfalls, the city's inability to rationalise water supply stands out. The irrigation department has earmarked 11.5 TMC water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams.The quota is higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces water crisis every year. The PMC's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that the city's population is around 35 lakh. About 135 litres to 150 litres of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC.The civic administration hopes that the PMC general body will take the final decision on the water meters by next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12350140", "title": "Duke gets \u2018emerging youth brand\u2019 award", "text": "LUDHIANA: A Ludhiana-based garment company - Duke Fashion India Ltd - has been recognised and awarded by corporate giant Reliance, as an emerging youth brand in India.Director Kuntal Raj Jain was awarded at the Indian Fashion Forum Fair held by Clothing Manufacturing and Apparel Institute Of India (CMAI) in Mumbai.Duke has existed for almost a decade now and the company has been given the MSME National Award by the President, Leaders Of Tomorrow Award 2010 by Union minister P Chidambaram, Udyog Patra by government of India and Employee Safety Award by Punjab Government.The company has an unbeatable marketing network which comprises more than 3,000 multi-brand outlets and over 300 exclusive stores in major cities. The brand has also gained popularity in the markets of UAE, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh and Jeddah. The garments can also be bought from stores including Reliance Trends.Kuntal Jain said the company has already made plans to enter the sportswear segment and expand the retail network. ''There is a huge product variety available which includes T-shirts, jackets, sweaters, sweatshirts, tracksuits, thermals, jogging suits, shirts and denims among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12348074", "title": "SC may set guidelines for reporting legal issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it would hear arguments from March 27 on framing of guidelines for media on reporting of judicial proceedings.A five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia took up the issue on filing of applications for framing of guidelines by senior advocate Fali S Nariman and market regulator Sebi. The proceedings emanated from alleged leakage of advocate's proposal of Sahara Group's list of property sent to Sebi's counsel.The CJI directed that any party, who desired to make submissions in the matter, could do so by way of intervention. The court, however, did not take note of Broadcaster's Association counsel Anoop Bhambani's plea that four separate benches of the apex court were dealing with cases on various facets of reporting by print and electronic media.The apex court had on February 12 expressed anguish over a TV channel's broadcast of a proposal sent by Sahara's counsel to the advocate of Sebi. It had said such incidents had been on the increase which affected business sentiment and also interfered in administration of justice. The court had said it would pass appropriate orders regarding reporting of sub-judice matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12349986", "title": "Victims beat up ponzi scheme couple", "text": "NAGPUR: Anger of poor families who had invested in a ponzi scheme boiled over as they beat up the couple promoting the scheme.Enraged victims also pelted stones and tried to set afire the home of the couple at Ram Nagar Hill Top. The police believe that the accused couple Ashok and Sandhya Sahare may have duped thousands of people of Rs 1 crore.On Tuesday morning, hundreds of investors including many from rural areas dragged the couple to Ambazari police station as the couple failed to pay the money they had promised the investors.Timely police intervention prevented the mob from indulging in arson. Police resorted to lathi charge to control the angry investors. But it was only after the arrest of the couple that the mob pacified.Ashok had not spared his own father who he got to invest Rs 6 lakh in the scheme. Police said Ashok, an auto driver, and wife Sandhya started a grocery store named Uma Kirana shop. The store floated the scheme promising a 400% return and gifts within six months. In two years, the couple gathered about Rs 1 crore from thousands of investors.\"On investing Rs 50, the investor would get Rs 200 and a gift. Initially, the couple paid the promised return to some people. This encouraged more people to put in money,\" said Ingole.In two years, the couple gathered about Rs 1 crore from thousands of investors. The investment scheme had no permission from any authority. Sahares even printed cards for investors and pamphlets to promote the scheme. They enrolled needy and poor families as investors as well as agents. Such people would then push scheme with their relatives and friends in rural areas. Sahare promised his agents 10 to 40% commission.The couple had a letter from a politician declaring support to them. The police said many years ago, Sahare's mother-in-law was head of a gram panchayat and the letter was given to her by the politician at that time.One of the victims was scrap dealer Fekanbai Sahoo. In last six years, she invested all her money into the scheme. She was hoping to get Rs 37,000 return that she had planned to use for her daughter's marriage to be held next month. After learning of the fraud, she broke into tears. \"How will I perform my daughter's marriage? Since years I saved Rs 50 to Rs 100 and invested in Sahares' scheme for the marriage. Now my daughter's marriage will be cancelled,\" she cried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12348641", "title": "New Hope Bridge to replicate heritage design", "text": "SURAT: In a move to appease heritage lovers and denizens in the diamond city, who fought a lost battle against Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) in Gujarat High Court and Supreme Court for preservation of the 135-year-old Hope Bridge across river Tapi, the civic body's bridge department has come up with a unique design for the proposed new bridge at the site. It would resemble Hope Bridge structure.Engineers of the bridge department headed by city engineer Jatin Shah burnt midnight oil to make a unique bridge design replicating the Hope bridge structure.The proposed new bridge at the existing site of Hope bridge, to be constructed at a cost of Rs 53 crore, will be 1.021 km long and 12 metre wide, connecting Chowk Bazaar with Rander and Adajan on the other side of the river. The new bridge - planned along the existing Nehru Bridge--will have a 7.5 metre wide main carriage way for vehicular movement. Along with that, the bridge department has planned a 3.5 metre wide walk-way replicating the design of Hope Bridge.Also, the bridge department plans to have colorful water jet fountains with lightings on the bridge to give a different feeling to the residents passing from the bridge at night.\"Dismantling the dilapidated Hope Bridge was a compulsion, but the new bridge design will keep the old memories alive,\" said Jatin Shah.Official sources said the 3.5 metre wide walk-way design is a replica of Hope Bridge. The walk-way will have cross-section triangular iron girders - the Hope Bridge had the same design - to give a feeling of Hope Bridge to the people.The dismantling of Hope Bridge is 80 per cent complete. Once the structure is dismantled, the civic body will start the process of inviting tenders for the new bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12353825", "title": "Andhra Pradesh election results: TRS wins four seats, BJP bags one", "text": "HYDERABAD: TRS candidates on Wednesday bagged four seats while BJP emerged victorious in one constituency in the byelections held for seven assembly segments in Andhra Pradesh.TRS nominees won in Adilabad, Kamareddy, Kollapur and Station Ghanpur while BJP nominee bagged the Mahaboobnagar seat.Independent candidate and former minister Nagam Janardhan Reddy, who was supported by the TRS secured victory in Nagarkurnool.In Kovvur in Coastal Andhra, YSR Congress candidate N Prasanna Kumar Reddy was ahead of his TDP rival and the result is yet to be declared, Chief Electroal Officer Banwar Lal told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349126", "title": "Jewellery sales take a hit, traders suffer Rs 3 crore loss per day", "text": "BHOPAL: The strike by city jewellers on the call by the All India Sarafa Association had crippled jewelry sales in the state capital besides making purchasers on marriages jittery. The strike has resulted in a daily loss of Rs 3 crore.Initially the two-day strike called in protest against the proposal for 1% excise hike was extended to three more days. The jewellers in Chhattisgarh and Gujarat are on an indefinite strike.Hari Narayan Goel, president Sarafa Association, Chowk Bazar, Bhopal said, \"We have incurred more than Rs 2-3 crore losses per day because of the on-going strike. The support staff has been hit the most.The small traders who have their business adjacent to the gold shops are the real sufferers in the on-going strike.\"A retired government official, whose daughter is slated to get married on April 12 said, \"The strike has set back our purchase plans. Now is the time for us to finalise the ornaments and the gold and silver coins that are to be given during the wedding.\"He added that the association which is a part of the All India Sarafa Association (AISA) and All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJFT) may extend the strike further if the proposed excise duty of 1% is not withdrawn.Mukesh Goel, president Sarafa Association New Market said, \"More than Rs 7 crore losses have been incurred in the past four days. The customers as well the shopkeepers are all being highly inconvenienced. The government should be more sensitive towards the bullion traders.\"He added, \"We have submitted memorandums to Member of Parliament Kailash Joshi , Excise Commissioner and to the Collector\".The jewellers also said that the markets would remain closed on Wednesday, as decided by both the associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12349665", "title": "All Jharkhand Students\u2019 Union seeks CBI probe into Ranchi varsity funds bungling", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) met Ranchi University vice-chancellor L N Bhagat, demanding a CBI inquiry into the term of his predecessor A A Khan, when several financial irregularities were allegedly committed.The chairperson of Ajsu city committee, Rabindra Mahto, said, \"During the term of the former VC, many irregularities came to light, including administrative, financial and technical. The biggest scam was the misappropriation of Rs 1.31 crore by finance officer Sushil Kumar Prasad. The sum was meant for the payment of university staff in 2008. But as of now no action has been taken.\"Bhagat said the police were investigating the matter. \"It is not possible to ask for a CBI inquiry for the whole term. The audit of the term is being prepared and as soon as it is completed I will send it to the governor for further probe.\"Another irregularity was recruitment of staff without publication of any advertisement and extension of service after retirement The VC said, \"What has been done cannot be changed but I will make sure that proper rules are followed for future recruitment.\"The pending student union election at RU was also raised at the meeting. The VC said, \"A committee has already been made in the syndicate for the elections. An electoral roll will be prepared immediately after the admissions close in July and elections will be held in September.\"Members of Ajsu also raised the issue of merit scholarships not being given to students. On inquiry it was found that the merit scholarship was cancelled in 1995 in undivided Bihar. Bhagat said, \"I will be sending a letter to the government with the proposal to restart the scholarship for the welfare of students.\"Harish Kumar, vice-president, said, \"If our demands are not fulfilled within 10 days we will start a protest and lock the university gates if needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349212", "title": "Income tax department begin survey on firms", "text": "INDORE: The income tax department (I-T) officials began their survey on two industrial premises here since Tuesday.The survey is being conducted by a team, comprising 25 officials of the department, under the leadership of Suman K Anand, who is the commissioner, I-T-II, said an official source.The two companies being surveyed include Krishna Irrigation (MTH Compound) and Shridhar Developers (Pithampur) and its arm, MP Agro Nutri Food.Meanwhile, the KBG Life Infra, which was raided by the income tax department in Indore a couple of years ago, has surrendered an undeclared amount of Rs 2.40 crore and it has deposited a sum of Rs 70 lakh to the department on Tuesday. tnnThe survey is being conducted by a team, comprising 25 officials of the department, under the leadership of Suman K Anand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352524", "title": "DVD launch of 'Warrior Prince'", "text": "It's been three years since I have retired and at least 10 publishers have approached me for a book. But I'm too lazy and don't see the fun in writing a book. So, doing a couple of shots for a documentary was much easier,\" said a visibly elated Sourav Ganguly at the ITC Sonar.The do was the DVD launch of \" Warrior Prince\", a documentary on him and Sourav was quite the man of the moment, looking ubercool in a pink chequered shirt. He sat back on the couch as Harsha Bhogle got him talking about the special milestones in his career.\"What happened in Taunton in 1999, has never happened afterwards. I think you hit a dozen sixes and they are still looking for the balls outside the stadium,\" chuckled Harsha. Never to be caught offguard, pat came the reply from Dada, \"The bats were good those days you see, and I hit only seven sixes.\"Side-stepping the bouncers on the Greg Chappel fiasco, Dada said that the best days of his cricketing career were during the tenure of John Wright. \"John would strum his guitar with two bottles of beer. I'd wait for the music from his room and then approach him,\" laughed Dada.With IPL 5 just round the corner its anybody's guess that all his fans will be eagerly waiting for a good game. \"I have trained very hard and played a lot of domestic cricket. I getting close to the fitness level I had set up as a goal,\" he said.We caught coach Subrata Bhattacherjee at the do, when asked whether his support will be for team Pune now that Dada is in it and not team Kolkata, his reply was, \"If Sourav Ganguly plays for Honolulu, we will support the team.\"Anupam Roy, who has sung the number, \"Autograph dio\", was left starry-eyed. \"There was very little interaction between us, but whatever chance I got I'll remember every moment of it. I am extremely happy that I was a part of this project,\" he said.We also spotted Cactus frontman Sidhu, who confessed that he is dying to catch hold of the DVD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347809", "title": "Fake marksheet row: CM Sheila Dikshit gets relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief for chief minister Sheila Dikshit, the Delhi Lokayukta on Tuesday struck off her name as a respondent in a complaint against Tarvinder Singh Marwah - who is accused of misusing his official position. Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin said there is no basis to implead Sheila Dikshit as a party in a complaint filed against Marwah by one Hari Om Gupta.\"Mere fact that Marwah, accused of forgery and misuse of his official position in obtaining admission of his daughter on the basis of a fake marksheet, was working as Parliamentary Secretary in the office of the CM... doesn't provide any basis to implead her as a respondent,\" the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352224", "title": "Nikitha\u2019s got a packed diary", "text": "Actress Nikitha Thukral seems to be on a roll lately.The actress was in town shooting for Alex Pandian recently. \"I'm excited that I get to work alongside Karthi in this film. We had a hectic schedule, where we were shooting throughout,\" says Nikitha, who has been doing a lot of travelling lately.Soon after her shoot in Chennai, the Saroja girl was in Bangalore for the audio release of her Kannada film, which is the remake of the Tamil film Raman Thediya Seethai.And soon thereafter, she was off to shoot for a special number in a Kannada film in Mysore. The actress, who sported a traditional look for this song, is excited as this is a big entertainer. \"This multi-starrer film, Snehitharu, is one of the most eagerly-awaited Kannada films this year and I am looking forward to it,\" says Nikitha.While the actress has managed to get herself a little break now and is cooling off her heels quite literally at home in Mumbai, she's excited that she has had a great first quarter in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349138", "title": "Cheques valid for 3 months from April 1", "text": "BANGALORE: Bankers' cheques and other monetary instruments will have only a three-month validity beginning April 1, 2012, instead of the existing six months, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) communique has said.The change is a consequence of an RBI notification on November 4, 2011.Cheques, drafts and pay orders will have a validity for three months from the date they've been drawn. Those having cheques and other monetary instruments with six-month validity before April 1 will have to remit them before this date, when the expiry of the validity will be reduced to three months.After April 1, these instruments will be valid subject to their adherence to the new 3-month rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350166", "title": "No bail for teen driver; dad still elusive", "text": "NAGPUR: Principal magistrate of court of Juvenile Justice Board NN Joshi on Tuesday rejected the bail plea of the teenager who rammed his car into a bunch of ITI students killing two of them and injuring three others last week near Rahate Colony. The court opined that setting the teen free on bail immediately would deliver a wrong message to the society.While son's stay at government's observation and children's home for boys was prolonged, his father Sushil Jhamb continued to elude the police after being booked under Motor Vehicle Act in the same offence. Police have intensified the search for Jhamb sending teams to different places. Jhamb residence at Hanuman Nagar has remained locked. A senior officer from Dhantoli police said that Jhamb could be booked under stricter sections now. ITI students Vaibhav Ghuguskar and Sagar Bawne were killed in the accident.Sushil Uikey and Kailash Barde are still critical. Another 70-year-old woman sustained fracture on her right hand.All attention was on the court's decision regarding the teenager's bail which was denied a day before. The court on Monday had said it wanted to refer to the report of the probation officer before considering the bail application. On Tuesday, defence lawyer Prakash Jaiswal and his team rushed the court's order to the probation officer to expedite the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "12351775", "title": "Apple's request for Android data turned down by Court", "text": "CHICAGO: Apple Inc lost a bid to force Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc to turn over data about Google Inc's development of its Android mobile-phone operating system and planned acquisition of the mobile-phone manufacturer.US Circuit Judge Richard A Posner, who in June will preside over back-to-back patent trials pitting Apple against Motorola, denied the production request in a single-paragraph order.\"The motion is vague and overbroad and Motorola's objections are persuasive,\" Posner wrote. The mobile-phone maker's opposition to Apple's March 16 demand was filed under seal.Google last month received US and European Union approval for its planned $12.5 billion acquisition of Libertyville, Illinois-based Motorola Mobility, which already makes phones reliant upon the Android system.Google, based in Mountain View, California , would also acquire about 17,000 patents. In a regulatory filing, Motorola said it expects to complete the sale in the first half of this year, while adding that it can provide no assurances the transaction will be approved by China.Apple iPhoneApple, based in Cupertino , California, makes the rival iPhone , which runs on the company's own proprietary software. Motorola Mobility, which spun off from Motorola Inc last year, has been warring with Apple over patent rights in US and European courts.Posner on March 5 ordered Motorola to produce the information sought by Apple on its pending acquisition and the Android development data. In its March 16 filing, Apple told the court Motorola hadn't yet complied.Appended to that filing was a copy of a March 16 e-mailed message from Motorola attorney Amanda Williamson to Apple counsel Robert Vlasis objecting to the scope of some of Apple's information requests.\"If Apple desires a further court order compelling production of data within the scope of the March 5 order,\" Posner said in his order today, \"it will have to narrow its request to a manageable and particularized set of documents.\"Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment on Posner's decision. Jennifer Erickson, a Motorola Mobility spokeswoman, didn't reply to telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment.The case is Apple Inc v. Motorola Inc, 11-cv-08540, US District Court, Northern District of Illinois ( Chicago ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12349916", "title": "Municipality can collect licence fee from traders: HC", "text": "MADURAI: Dismissing a traders' body petition against collecting licence fee from them, the Madurai bench of Madras high court said the Thirumangalam municipality is entitled to collect the fee from traders doing business at public streets instead of a public market.In Thirumangalam town, members of the Thirumangalam Nagar Vyabarigal Sangam have shops both as owners and as tenants at streets such as Chinnakadai Veethi, Thelungar Street, Gurunathan Koil Street, Valayalkara Street, Uthandan Street, Mappillai Vinayagar Koil Street and Market Street, adjacent to the public market. They carry on trading from their shops situated near the market on adjacent streets. Whileso, the municipality issued a notification on 21 November, 2011, calling for tenders to grant the privilege of collecting fees from shop owners of the above said streets. Aggrieved over the notification, the trader association filed the present petition.According to the petitioner, the streets in question were not declared public markets and as such, the local body had no jurisdiction to collect licence fees from them. They also contended that their businesses were confined to their respective shops.According to the commissioner, the local body had constructed a market complex just about 300 metres away from the said streets. But the majority of the members refused to occupy the market which lay idle. They were carrying out trade in vegetables, banana leaves, fruits, flower and groceries and were dumping waste on public roads. The traders have been using public streets as a market and the municipality had to incur expenses on maintaining the streets, the commissioner said.Dismissing the petition of the traders, Justice K K Sasidharan said the local body was collecting garbage which required considerable funds. The traders, in case they are using the marketplace, should contribute towards the municipal fund. The licence fee has to be treated necessarily as a fee for using the market place. So long as the members of the petitioner Sangam confine their business in their respective shops, they need not pay licence fee. However, the moment they start using the streets in question, declared as a public market, they are necessarily liable to pay licence fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12348045", "title": "Two accidents greet new rail minister Mukul Roy", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day railways got a new minister in Mukul Roy after some serious political drama, two accidents at unmanned level crossings in UP killed 15 people and injured five, highlighting the transporter's failure to eliminate such crossings due to shortage of funds.In his first statement in Parliament on Tuesday, Roy blamed the van driver's negligence for the accident in which a passenger train rammed into a four-wheeler at an unmanned level crossing near Hathras in UP which claimed 15 lives, including two women.In the other accident, the Aishbagh-Pilibhit passenger rammed into a truck loaded with cement between Bakshi Ka Talab and Itaunja stations at an unmanned crossing, leaving five persons injured.Though most accidents occur due to negligence of road users, the railways cannot shed its responsibility in its failure to man a large number of the 14,896 level crossings across the country.\"Despite fund constraints, the railways has manned around 6,500 such level crossings in the past three years,\" an official said.The situation is alarming as more than 40% of the train accidents, involving 60-70% of total casualties, occur at unmanned level crossings. Between 2007-08 and 2010-11, accidents at level crossings led to 723 deaths and 690 injuries, a high-level safety committee headed by former Atomic Energy Commission chief Anil Kakodkar had said.It suggested total elimination of all level crossings -- manned and unmanned -- in five years at an estimated cost of Rs 50,000 crore. The panel argued that the cost would be recovered over 7-8 years due to savings in operation and maintenance costs and improved train operation.As minister, Dinesh Trivedi in his budget had announced setting up of a Special Purpose Vehicle -- Rail-Road Grade Separation Corporation -- to fast-track elimination of level crossings in the next five years. \"However, funding is an issue which needs to be collectively addressed,\" he had said.Though Roy announced Rs 2 lakh compensation for each death, he will have to take a serious look at the Kakodkar committee's recommendations and will have to find ways to mobilize resources to put the ailing railways back on track as his party chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has already asked for rollback of the hike in passenger fares.Rail BudgetUnion Budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12349814", "title": "Monserrate's CCP panel guilty of 'sins of omission'", "text": "PORVORIM: In an adverse observation against the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP), the report of the comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG) for the year ending March 31, 2011, has noted that the \"CCP failed to initiate action against house tax defaulters leading to accumulation of arrears of 5.47 crore as of March 2010, among several other deficieinces.The CAG report noted that out of 5.47 crore pending realisation as of March 2010, 1.13 crore was in arrears ranging from five to 21 years in respect of 60 chronic defaulters. The defaulters include two Goa government organisations (the Goa state infrastructure development corporation limited and the Kala Academy) from whom an amount of 62.38 lakh was due as of March 31, 2010.The report notes that the CCP brought to the notice of the Goa government in May 2010 that Kala Academy was not paying house tax since its inception and an amount of 38 lakh was due from them. \"However, there was no response from the government of Goa,\" the CAG report notes, adding that \"despite ample provisions in the Act, the recovery officer failed to initiate action against the chronic defaulters.\"Besides, the CAG report has noted six other \"deficiencies\" on the part of the CCP. The report notes that bye-laws and rules as required under the CCP Act, 2002, were not framed; that the CCP did not levy property tax on government land and buildings and that it did not conduct any survey to ascertain the occupancy of government buildings by private agencies for commercial activities.The report notes that CCP failed to refund the unspent balances of the grants-in-aid of 2.80 crore sanctioned during the years 2002-03 to 2008-09. The report further observes that CCP failed to safeguard its properties by timely renewal of lease agreements with the tenants; that the new shopping complex built at a cost of 15.33 crore was encroached by vendors without any formal agreements and allotment. \"Inaction against intruders resulted in loss of revenue of 98.97 lakh during the period from 2003-04 to 2009-10,\" the report states. The CAG report also notes that the non-revision of lease rent for land allotted to Petroleum companies resulted in loss of revenue of 46.77 lakh.CCP was formed in April 2003 by upgrading erstwhile Panaji municpal council.The CAG report said that the performance audit was an attempt to examine the functioning of CCP with regard to levy, collection and accountable of revenue, safeguarding its properties and utilisation of grants-in-aid.In another gross violation of rules, CAG found that CCP engaged a contractor and signed agreements in November 2007 and July 2008 for erection of signages without inviting tenders. CCP also didn't allot sopo contract from 2007-2009 incurring loss of revenue.Not that the CCP utilised every paise given by the government by way of grant-in-aid. Out of the 10.98 crores sanctioned from 2002 to 2009, it utilised only 8.18 crore not utilsing 2.80 crore as in March 2010.Even on management of garbage , CCP utilised 5.63 crores out of Rs 6.01 crores sanctioned by the state governmetn since 2005.Times ViewThe CAG has come down heavily on the CCP. The municipal corporation has drawn censure for what it has done and also not done. Such a manner of functioning cannot continue. It has lost much revenue by not collecting taxes from government bodies. It cannot afford to be selective when collecting taxes. The corporation has to begin to function like a well-oiled machine and deliver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349923", "title": "High Court to Mormugao Port Trust: Enclose coal berth by October, 2014", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently disposed of a suo motu writ petition regarding pollution caused by coal dust in Vasco town with directions to the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) to complete construction of closed shed and mechanization of coal handling at berth 11 on or before October, 2014.The court had taken suo motu cognizance of a letter written by Goa Citizens' Watch Dog Association, raising a grievance in respect of the atmospheric pollution in Vasco due to coal dust, aluminum powder, iron ore, etc.A division bench comprising Justice FM Reis and Justice UV Bakre have now directed MPT to follow the directions as earlier issued by the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCBP) to them for controlling pollution. The board had issued the directions after conducting tests for four weeks to check ambient air quality as per recommendations received from NEERI.In its judgment, the court has stated that GSPCB has been monitoring the implementation of the interim measures by MPT for controlling the pollution on account of the loading and unloading of coal at the port.The court has further observed, \"We also find that after the mechanization of berth number 11, the handling of coal would be discontinued at berth number 10 and, as such, the grievances raised in the petition, would be substantially redressed.\"The court has also noted that reports by GSPCB have also suggested that on account of the implementation of the measures as directed, the level of pollution has decreased and hence the measures appear to be adequate.While disposing the petition, the high court has also directed GSPCB to \"monitor pollution at MPT from time to time to protect the environment and issue directions as necessary from time to time in accordance with law\".The court has also directed GSPCB to monitor pollution at MPT to protect the environment and issue directions as necessary in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348506", "title": "Private school teachers bunk evaluation duty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of English medium schools often blame the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Board (GSHSEB) for getting low marks in standard X and XII exams. They accuse the board of step-motherly treatment. In the past, there have also been allegations that English medium answersheets were given to Gujarati medium teachers for assessment.The students should, however, blame their own teachers who refuse to take on assessment work. This year, a mere 35% English medium teachers, who were issued orders for assessment work, turned up in Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Rajkot. The Surat district education officer Dinesh Patel had no clue of the number of English medium teachers in assessment work.GSHSEB officials said most of the teachers who reported for work on Tuesday belong to governmentfunded schools. \"Private schools have failed to send teachers. The main reason cited is that teachers have left jobs,\" GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said.Official notifications to instantly send teachers saw a self-financed school in Ahmedabad with 500 HSC (science) students dispatch a teacher on Tuesday. In Gandhinagar , a self-financed school with 900 science students sent two teachers.\"Teachers of English medium schools should assume a sense of responsibility. As a parent I am worried for the future of my child,\" said Sheetal Patel whose daughter has appeared for HSC (science) exams. Teachers doing assessment work feel overburdened as they have to make up for their absent colleagues.\"One teacher is supposed to assess papers for 10 days. Some of us are made to check papers for 45 days. This is exploitation,\" said a science teacher of a prestigious school. Pankaj Patel , president of Gujarat Higher Secondary School Teacher's Association, said, \"If the board takes action against errant private schools, they will send teachers. Last year, 80-odd notices were sent but no action was taken.\"Times ViewThe demand for English education has zoomed in Gujarat in the last few years, as the state integrates even further into the global economy. In such a situation, it is disheartening to see English-medium teachers leaving their students in the lurch and not taking on the responsibility of assessing exam answersheets. The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board should make assessment compulsory and impose stiff penalties on errant schools and teachers. Such irresponsible behaviour cannot be allowed because it will affect the future of Gujarat's bright minds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349500", "title": "Youth kidnaps 17-yr-old from Vidhyadhar Nagar", "text": "JAIPUR: A 17-year-old girl was allegedly kidnapped from her house by a youth known to her in Vidhyadhar Nagar's C-Block on Tuesday. The family members of the girl staged a demonstration when the police reportedly told them that she had eloped with the boy.They identified the boy who kidnapped the girl on a bike and demanded that he be arrested and the girl be traced immediately.Police said the girl's father, Alauddin, registered a case of kidnap against the boy. \"He said his daughter was sweeping the floor outside the house when a boy, identified as Sihan, came on a bike. He forced to her sit on his bike and sped away,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351641", "title": "Microblogging sites: A great platform to market", "text": "So Senha Ullal can be sexy! Not many people knew that until her three-minute video, \"Lick\" went viral on the Internet. Getting an image makeover was never so easy. Sneha admits that she wasn't expecting that kind of a response. \"Well it was an unplanned video that we wrapped up in under four hours. The kind of response it has generated is incredible,\" says Sneha who is in Hyderabad shooting her second video, \"Lovelockdown\".Admittedly this is going to be a complete performance. \"It is not anything like the first video. I will perform to a very dark, deep and intense song. It's going to be a show reel about the things I have never done onscreen, to give people an idea of what I am capable of,\" she says.Well, this strategy seems to have worked for her. She has been signed up for an untitled flick a few days after the video went viral. Sneha is not alone. She is just one among a host of Tollywood celebs using microblogging sites as a great platform to market. Be it announcing new films, shooting schedules, posting latest photo shoots, philosophizing, sharing candid thoughts about everything under the sun or just ranting - their microblogging accounts are buzzing with posts all the time.PERSONALIZED MARKETING Actor Rana's new profile picture shows off his newly acquired rippling muscles. He feels it's a great way to have a personal one-on-one contact with fans. \"It's the best platform for direct contact with fans and well-wishers. It gives me the power to clear the air about speculations and share news about my work. I update my posts by phone, so it is that much more personal, it's like sending an SMS to two and a half lakh people,\" he says.Actress Shraddha Das reiterates Rana's views saying, \"It gives me a sense of power to clarify about all the nasty rumors that do the rounds. The instantaneous response you get is all the more engaging.\"Siddharth has his own take on the medium. While he agrees that it is a great marketing tool, the medium gives people a much more intimate look at his life. \"I express myself through my posts. I post random things that are on my mind. I don't do it like a job - it's a casual, candid sort of a thing. It is quite addictive as well.\"THE CANDID CONNECT A closer look at actor Siddharth's account tells a story about how the following on social networking sites have their own logic, irrespective of the BO standing of the actor. Siddharth has over 3,55,000 followers, the most for an actor in Tollywood. That is 50,000 more followers than Mahesh Babu, the highest paid actor and the biggest star in the business today. The difference perhaps lies in the frequency and nature of posts. Siddharth keeps tweeting pretty regularly and about a lot more things. Here are a few of his recent posts.Good to see our next captain once again stamp his ownership on the best young batsman in the world tag. Go Kohli go! What a knock:) Late night ice cream with my closest friends:) busted by cops!!! Why? Because they wanted to click a picture with me;) #bandofboys classic:)Having a blast on Nandini Reddy's set! Mad energy is how I describe the lady... new beginnings:)LIVE WIRE Actress Lakshmi Manchu with over 90 thousand followers is one of the most-followed woman in Tollywood, more popular than the likes of Shriya Saran, Priyamani, Richa Gangopadhyay and Priya Anand, to name a few. \"I honestly don't know why so many people follow me and I am quite shocked to know that,\" she replies.\"For me, it isn't just a marketing tool. It allows me the leverage to share things that people generally wouldn't know. I've connected with so many fantastic people this way. One of them is a class nine student who pings me no matter what everyday. It's become a language in our house. Even my dad is hooked to it. Manoj has started dressing up these days because he isn't sure about what I'll put up on my account,\" shares Lakshmi.ENTERTAINMENT VALUE Talk of using the Net to kick up controversies and endless debates and mana Ram Gopal Varma can never be far behind. His posts read...I don't love a woman..I love women Why can't women be just beautiful and nothing else? I truly sincerely honestly think Sunidhi chauhan is the greatest singer in the world..jst hr voice can give orgasms evn without bodily sex Ask him about the provocative nature of his posts and he says, \"It is between me and people who want to listen to me. If my posts are offensive or in bad taste, people are free to un-follow me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "12351410", "title": "Probe ordered into violence by Gurgaon workers", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Haryana minister of state for labour and employment Shiv Charan Lal Sharma on Tuesday ordered a probe into violence by workers of a textile export company in Gurgaon on Monday. He directed industrial safety and health joint director Ravi Yadav to complete the probe by Friday. The minister, who visited Gurgaon to review the situation, assured that following the inquiry, action would be taken against the guilty, whether they are from the management or the labour side.Sharma said that the number of labourers employed through a contractor should be less than those kept on the company's rolls. He advised the owners to recruit employees through employment exchanges instead of private contractors or other agencies. At the same time, he appealed to the owners of various units to give similar facilities to workers on contract as were being provided to the permanent staff.The minister who met the chairman-cum-managing director of the textile export company in Gurgaon, where violence had broken out discussed the latest situation with him. He said that the CMD told him that an FIR had been lodged against the contractor because of whose action violence had erupted. The minister said that the CMD should have not allowed such a situation to arise in the first place.Additional labour commissioner Naresh Narwal said that he visited the unit on Tuesday morning and found that all the permanent workers had joined duty and about 60% of the contractual labour had also returned to work. The situation there is under control and is returning towards normalcy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12351866", "title": "Centre fully accepts decriminalization of gay sex: AG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attorney general G E Vahanvati informed the Supreme Court on Tuesday that the Centre has fully accepted the Delhi high court verdict, which decriminalized consensual gay sex between adults in private. The Centre clarified its stand on homosexuality, saying there is no error in decriminalization of gay sex.The Supreme Court had sought assistance from the attorney general in view of contradictory stand taken before the Supreme Court and high court.Vahanvati said though the government had opposed dilution of Section 377 as far as consensual gay sex in private was concerned, it later realised that the high court verdict was correct. The HC verdict decriminalizing homosexuality is acceptable to us, he stressed. We learnt and got subsequently enlightened after the verdict, he added.Criminalizing gay sex among consenting adults in private is violation of fundamental rights, the attorney general added on the Centre's behalf.He also said that the recent goof up in the apex court where Additional Solicitor General P P Malhotra opposed gay sex was a result of lack of communication between the law officers and the Home Ministry.The bench had yesterday pulled up the Centre for its \"casual\" approach on decriminalisation of homosexuality and also expressed concern over Parliament not discussing such important issues and blaming judiciary for \"over-reach\".After going through various affidavits of the government filed in the Delhi high court and the Supreme Court, the apex court had said the Centre has taken this case very casually which needs to be \"condemned\" and had directed the AG to be present before it to clarify the Centre's stand.\"They have taken this case very casually. This practice needs to be condemned and we are going to say it in our judgment,\" the bench had observed.The bench had said it is a peculiar case in which the government is taking a neutral stand before the apex court on such an important issue after contesting the matter in the high court.The apex court was hearing petitions by anti-gay rights activists and also by political, social and religious organisations, opposing the high court verdict.The Delhi high court had in 2009 decriminalised gay sex as provided in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and had ruled that sex between two consenting adults in private would not be an offence.Section 377 (unnatural offences) of the IPC makes gay sex a criminal offence entailing punishment up to life term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349394", "title": "Commuters in trouble due to flash auto strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters faced a harrowing time on Tuesday at railway stations in the city as a section of the autorickshaw union went on a flash strike. Three-wheeler scooter rickshaws were not available at the pre-paid booths in the New Delhi and Old Delhi railway stations as well as at Nizamuddin. Commuters complained that they had to walk quite a way from the stations to find the autorickshaws.A senior traffic police officer said: \"The auto drivers went on strike and there were no autos available to run the pre-paid booth. We tried helping commuters get autos from outside the station but it was a problematic day. As we could not force the autos on strike to carry passengers, there was little option available to us.\"Rajinder Soni, an autorickshaw union leader, said \"The strike was to ask for better facilities for the autorickshaw drivers and their families. We have been asking for health benefits as well as education facilities for our children but the government hasn't responded. The strike will make them listen.\"For commuters though, the flash strike proved to be painful as senior citizens as well as children had to wait in the heat to find an autorickshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347836", "title": "MCD polls: Few tickets, many seekers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Congress chief JP Aggarwal was in for a surprise after ticket seekers brandished photographs taken with him to edge out the competition. Some even diplayed shawls conferred on them by Congress leaders to lobby for a ticket.With AICC-appointed Congress apex committee set to select candidates out of those shortlisted by the seven election committees from Wednesday, the enthusiasm of local Congress workers was palpable at the party office. DPCC has been flooded with at least 6,000 applications, which senior Congress leaders find \"overwhelming\".The Congress' apex committee will hold its first meeting for finalizing candidates in 272 wards on Wednesday. The committee includes JP Aggarwal, Sheila Dikshit, the AICC general secretary in charge of Delhi, Chaudhary Birender Singh and all seven AICC coordinators.DPCC chief JP Aggarwal did not conceal his surprise on seeing grassroots workers reminding him of how they were honoured by him. Others tried to cash in on their proximity by showing pictures of the party chief having tea at their house.Aspirants are trying every trick in the trade to emerge as the most suitable candidate for their wards, say senior leaders. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit also feels workers are enthusiastic about contesting elections.\"Several women have expressed their desire to contest. The enthusiasm reflects the intrinsic strength of the party. Further, 50% quota for women has opened up more opportunities,\" the chief minister said.As far as handing out of tickets is concerned, the DPCC chief said that on most seats there is no dispute between MPs and MLAs. This will help us to easily take a decision. \"On seats where there is no dispute, the election committee would have reached a consensus. In case of a dispute, there will be two choices at the most. The apex committee will decide on cases where there is no consensus,\" Aggarwal said.All those Congressman who may have turned dissident candidates at some point and those aspirants who have lost the last MCD elections with fewer than 1000 votes can count themselves out of the race for tickets.The Congress has also decided that a candidate will qualify for a ticket for a ward only if he or she lives there. Earlier this month, the All India Congress Committee had set up one committee for each of the seven parliamentary constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348813", "title": "Rape and murder preplanned, says Judge", "text": "PUNE: In his 116-page judgment, Badar said the accused had meticulously chalked out the plan to rape and murder the victim on her last working day in office. Jyotikumari had tendered her resignation from the company as she wanted to pursue further studies. \"The crime was not committed by the accused in a sudden impulse for sex, but in a predetermined manner to satisfy their hunger for sex,\" the judgement read.\"While satisfying their lust, Borate forgot the fact that he was married. The motive evinces total depravity and meanness of sex maniacs having a pervert mind.\"The victim's father,Ramnand, did not react after the verdict while Jyotikumari's sister Sudhakumari sobbed throughout. The convicts did not react while the verdict was being read out in Marathi, but Kokade later broke down.This is the second verdict in the country in a case of rape and murder of a BPO employee. In 2010, cab driver Shivakumar was sentenced to life imprisonment till death for the murder in 2005 of Hewlett Packard India employee Pratibha Murthy in Bangalore. He also got 20 years for rape and 10 years for kidnapping.Hailing the verdict in the Jyotikumari case, special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam told TOI from New Delhi that the case was a major challenge for him as it was based on circumstantial evidence. \"I have succeeded in proving the guilt of the accused because of co-operation from the witnesses and police officials,\" he said. \"Such a sentence was necessary to send out a strong message. The cab driver had not only betrayed the trust of the poor victim, but deprived the trust of society at large.\" Jyotikumari's relative Shishir Pundalik said,\"We hope the judgment serves as a deterrent to other criminals in society. We thank Nikam for helping and supporting us and securing conviction. Jyotikumari will not come back, but we will pursue the case till its logical end.\"In all, 27 witnesses were examined for proving the guilt of the accused, who were represented by advocate Atul Patil.I nspector Rajendra Patil of the Pune rural police had investigated the case. This was the sixth case from Pune argued by Nikam that resulted in the death penalty. The Rathi multiple murder case, in which three men were sentenced to death, and the killing of former national tennis player R Karthikraj, in which one person was given the death penalty, were two prominent cases that he had argued. Nikam has secured life imprisonment for accused in 630 cases since 1993.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349884", "title": "Ultimately, I know who the traitors are: Babush", "text": "PANAJI: After two of his close aides - both former mayors of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP), Tony Rodrigues and Carolina Po, moved to the panel owning allegiance to the BJP, St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate said that both should resign as councillors and contest an election to join the BJP panel.Monserrate, who attended the CCP special meeting to elect the new mayor and deputy mayor, said \"I have come here to see who has stood by me in a difficult time and history will judge them. I am satisfied with the results. Ultimately, I came to know who the traitors are. All those people who have shifted, should go back to the people, get themselves elected and come back to CCP, if they really have the power.\"Speaking to mediapersons after the election, Monserrate said he had \"tirelessly campaigned for the two councillors\" in order to get his panel elected. \"I had told Po's son that I would be present in the CCP for the election and history will judge whether his mother would vote for me or against me. Po's son told me that his mother would not vote against me,\" Monserrate said.Po, however, remained absent from voting. \"Voting against me and remaining absent is the same according to me,\" said Monserrate. He also said that his panel would support the new council as far as development was concerned, but will oppose the ruling on certain issues.\"My panel will play a constructive opposition role in CCP and Rudresh Chodankar will be the opposition leader for my panel,\" he added.Monserrate also told the media how the deal between him and Parrikar had fizzled out before the CCP election. \"We had discussed this (compromise formula) issue with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and we had extended support to his mayoral candidate. We expected him to support our deputy mayor candidate, but Parrikar suggested Rodrigues as deputy mayor and we refused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12349635", "title": "Bickering in BJP comes to fore", "text": "RANCHI: Infighting in the BJP over its decision to support NRI candidate Anshuman Mishra in the Rajya Sabha election took a murky turn when some of the MLAs covertly joined former Union minister Yashwant Sinha in opposing the party's stand.The BJP has 18 MLAs in the 81-member assembly. Election for two seats in the Upper House of Parliament, which will fall vacant with retirement of S S Ahluwalia of the BJP and Mabel Rebello of the Congress, will take place on March 30.Former Union minister Yashwant Sinha said he was pained by the decision of the party to extend support to an independent candidate who is not from Jharkhand. \"He is neither from Jharkhand nor from the BJP. The party should have fielded a person who is from Jharkhand. I have also conveyed my sentiment to senior party leaders including Lal Krishna Advani,\" Sinha told TOI. The Hazaribag MP said some of the ruling MLAs were also in touch with him The Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA) has called for Jharkhand bandh on March 27 in protest against the state legislators' support to outsiders in the Rajya Sabha polls. The JBA has alleged that majority of the MLAs, irrespective of their party affiliation, have come forward to support outside candidates in lieu of money.\"Such approach of the public representatives has not only exhibited their character but also earned bad name for the state. We have intentionally called the bandh on March 27 coinciding with the polling date for two seats of Rajya Sabha,\" said JBA convener Salkhan Murmu in a press release in Jamshedpur on Tuesday.A former state minister of the BJP said in Ranchi that the party had sent a wrong message by supporting an NRI who is a rank outsider both for the party and Jharkhand. Six BJP legislators had signed the nomination paper of Mishra on Monday.\"We should not ignore the sentiment of senior leaders like Sinha and Lal Krishna Advani who have opposed the party's decision to support an outsider and a person whose image in not good. National president Nitin Gadkari and chief minister Arjun Munda should respect the sentiment of senior leaders and ask Mishra to withdraw from the fray ,\" he said adding that this was the only way to save the image of the party.Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) chief Babulal Marandi asked his 11 MLAs not to cast their second preference vote.\"Two of our legislators had signed the nomination paper of independent candidate Pawan Kumar Dhoot (the managing director of the Kolkata-based Dhoot Group) and this was not acceptable. Immediately the matter was brought to my notice I called the two MLAs and they apologized for signing the nomination paper of an independent candidate when we have our own nominee Praveen Singh,\" said Marandi. \"To put an end to this type of practice, I have asked all my MLAs not to cast the second preference vote,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "12349391", "title": "Indian man's hand cut, stolen in Kuala Lumpur", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: In a brutal incident, the left hand of an Indian national in Malaysia was chopped off by two men who fled with the severed limb. The victim, identified as Murugesan, 47, is working as a barber and has been living here for the past 16 years. Speaking from his hospital bed on Monday, Murugesan said he was with a customer in his shop on Sunday when a foreigner came in and asked if he could use the toilet.\"I showed him the way when another man came from behind and grabbed me. The man in front then held me down and stretched out my hand while his accomplice swung a sickle at my hand, severing it.\" He told local media that the two men picked up the severed limb and left the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351924", "title": "DID Li\u2019l Masters auditions in Jaipur", "text": "To get selected in season 2 of the dance reality show \"DID Li'l Masters\" around 700 children turned up to try their luck.From right in the morning, the auditions went on for the entire day and at the end, and 25 contestants were selected. The children patiently waited to take to the stage and thrill the judges. Namita, a housewife said, \"Though I have been waiting for nearly two hours but I think it's worth the wait. My daughter is very excited about the auditions and she even missed her school to prepare for the dance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349250", "title": "Dental colleges accused of forcing students to surrender deposit fee", "text": "INDORE: The private dental colleges in the city are burning a hole in students' pockets. After a section of private dental colleges allegedly charging semester fee from students, who received ATKT in final year BDS examination, another group of students, who had already completed the course with compulsory internship, approached the Dean Students' Welfare office at the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya on Tuesday. These students accused three private dental college managements of pressurizing them to surrender the deposit fee to get their academic documents back.The students were lagging 2.5 years behind schedule to complete their course. They alleged that a dental colleges is demanding Rs 2.75 lakh to get their documents back. One of the agitated students said, \"We have completed the course and passed the examination, but college authorities are asking us to deposit fees to give us back the documents submitted at the time of admission.\" Some of the students have already submitted a term fee to the college, he added.The DAVV received a written complaint from the students, who are demanding further investigation into their allegations. Dean Students Welfare officer Dr Rajeev Dixit asked the principal of Government Dental College to reply on if colleges could take fee from students if they failed in a few subjects in semester examination. The principal, in his reply, said that he did not take fee from students, who get ATKT. Dr Subhash Garg, principal, Government Dental College, said, \"We do not take fee from students who get ATKT. The university should ask the private colleges if they charge such fees from students.\"Meanwhile, DAVV has promised to sort out the issue by forming a high power committee. \"The matter will be discussed with V-C and registrar to form a high power committee to look into the matter,\"said Dr Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350162", "title": "Denied admission, 200 homoeopathy students face bleak future", "text": "NAGPUR: The future of around 200 students of the Nagpur Homoeopathy College seems uncertain as the college management has denied them admission in the college for the next academic session. Trustee G D Panpaliya asked all these students to give him apology letters and assure him that they would not interfere in the management's decision.This abrupt demand by the trustee has come in the wake of the support extended by the students to the college teachers who have been on strike since one month for not receiving their salaries for eight months. Insufficient number of teachers in the college has also led to it losing its affiliation to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) for new admissions for the academic session 2012-13.A fortnight ago, on March 6, the students had made Panpaliya give them a written assurance that the posts would be filled up within the next 15 days and the other shortcomings would also be looked into. When the D-Day arrived, he asked the students to apologize, in writing, for meddling with the management's matters.\"We have incurred losses of more than 2 crore, still we are trying our best to run the college well. Some teachers are creating problems in running the college smoothly. They are making the students fight their battle,\" said Panpaliya, who insists things will be fine if the teachers assure to cooperate with the management. Speaking about the apology, he said that during the last meet, the students had gheraoed his car and even tried to physically assault him. \"Why would I want to close down the institute I have been running for the last 35 years? Some of the teachers are ready to take classes but the students are advised against attending them,\" he said.A student said that the trustee had earlier given all the students the option of being transferred to some other college. \"If we do that, however, many of us may have to move out of the city. This would also mean that we pay the fees of the new college as well as pay a hefty transfer fee here.\"The teachers of the college, despite being on strike, wrote a letter to Panpaliya saying they would consider joining the college in the interest of the college and students. \"We asked for a written assurance that the college would look into the matters concerning the affiliation from MUHS as well as issuing our salaries on time in the future. We also wished that the unfair suspension of the staffers be revoked and that no disciplinary action would be taken against those who had joined the strike,\" said Abhilash Tripathi, a teacher. He said teachers were ready to resume their duties if these wishes were fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12349826", "title": "Speeding truck breaks electric pole", "text": "Locals said that the truck hit the electricity pole breaking it at about 5.30am. According to the police, the truck driver who was travelling from Mapusa towards the Kiranpani sand extraction point lost control. he sustained minor injuries.Both the truck and pole were completely damaged. The incident provoked the villagers to stage a rasta roko as they have been demanding speed breakers but the government has paid no heed. Around 300 residents, majority of which were women , sat on the road at 6am (Mapusa-Keri road) blocking traffic. They were adamant about the setting up of speed breakers. Residents later alleged that the stretch of road is accident-prone but the administration had done nothing concrete to prevent the occurrence of such mishaps.The road cleared only once PWD executive engineer U B Kulkarni gave a written assurance to the panchayat stating that 11 speed breakers would be installed within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348175", "title": "But where is manpower?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State ATS, the agency formed to fight terror, did not get its spot in the sun for cracking cases in both major terror attacks that the state has witnessed - 2002 attack on Akshardham in Gandhinagar and 2008 serial blasts in Ahmedabad - as in both the cases, the probe eventually went to Ahmedabad crime branch that hogged the limelight. The reason was simple: The ATS was working sans availability of resources and manpower.The agency was formed to tackle Abdul Latif menace in 1980s. After Latif gang waned in time, the new challenges such as illegal immigrants and fake currency rackets kept the agency busy.However, it did not see much action till D G Vanzara, the now suspended IPS official, took helms of affairs at the agency and encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh took place.After receiving flak post-fake encounter period, the agency was not preferred posting for both IPS officers and junior officers as it became more of a paper-pushing job rather than action on the field.\"The reason was and is apparent. Against its sanctioned strength of mere 57 officers and men, the agency still lacks that much manpower and boasts of the worst officer-personnel ratio in the state. The proposal to raise the sanctioned strength is pending with the state government,\" said a senior state police official.The agency lacks officers on the posts of inspector general of police, superintendent of police, deputy superintendent of police and inspector ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348846", "title": "Elderly woman found strangled at home", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 60-year-old widow was found strangulated at her B-2/3 Papermill Colony residence in Mahanagar police circle on Tuesday morning. The woman was identified as Anita Sharma, wife of Late SK Sharma, who had retired as DySP from Intelligence Bureau.Even though the police were informed about the murder at around 7.15 am, SHO Mahanagar Janardan Dubey reached the spot at 9 am.According to reports, Anita, who was Sharma's second wife, lived alone after the death of her husband in 2008. Sharma had three children from his first wife. One of his sons is an engineer in Agra, while another, Dr Ashutosh Sharma, resides in Ghaziabad, neighbours told the police. Anita's was found lying in a pool of blood by her domestic help who came around 7 am. The door of the house was ajar. She rushed out of the house and informed a few neighbours who were on a morning walk. The neighbours in turn informed a constable who was passing-by.The constable promptly went to Anita's residence and took stock of the situation. However, his attempt to inform senior police officials on mobile phone and through wireless set fell on deaf ears.TOI also tried to contact the senior police officials. While the phone of circle officer and SP (trans-Gomti) was switched off, the DIG's phone was attended by some other cop. It was at around 9 am that Janaradan Dubey reached the spot. By then, a crowd of onlookers had gathered at the spot. Dubey told reporters that Anita apparently died of some illness and was not murdered. However, he failed to explain why doors of the main and rear entrance were open. While Anita was found dead near a wall dividing kitchen from the lobby, her broken bangles lay about five feet from the body on the left side of the entrance. The broken bangles suggest she offered some resistance to her killers.Since all belongings in the house looked intact, the police initially termed it a natural death. It was only in late evening that Anita's postmortem report confirmed she was strangled.In the past one year, many senior citizens living alone have been murdered in the city. In most of the cases, killers turned out to be acquaintances of the victims.On February 18, two old women were murdered and jewellery looted from their house in Rabindra Palli. The women were identified as Sarla Srivastava and Dev Chandra Srivastava. On November 23, a 55-year-old woman was strangled in Aashiana. The victim was identified as Rita Bhalla, 55, wife of KK Bhalla and a resident of House no. 477, Sector N, Ashiana.On October 19, miscreants had slit open the throat of a 56-year-old woman and apparently looted belongings from her house at Paandariba Colony in Naka Hindola. The victim was identified as Harshi Taneja, wife of Kailash Nath Taneja.On September 12, a 72-year-old woman was smothered to death at her house in A-block, Indiranagar. The woman was identified as Swadesh Chaddha, wife of late RP Chaddha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12347960", "title": "BMC ups water tax, doubles road spend", "text": "Mumbai: For the first time in a decade, the BMC on Tuesday presented a pragmatic budget by increasing taxes on water and sewerage by up to 58% while allocating Rs 9,359 crore to infrastructure projects.The Rs 26,581 crore civic budget - larger than the outlays of some of the smaller Indian states - has doubled the allocation to augment the city's road network and added over 800 beds in municipal hospitals. Some of the highlights:Rs 800 crore for concreting 241 km of roads;City to receive additional 455 million litres of water daily from July;Rs 263 crore allocated for development of open spaces;807 additional beds in 20 civic hospitals;Rs 50 crore for widening Mithi river;90 m snorkel for the fire brigade at a cost of Rs 15 crore;20,000 new litter bins for 10,000 locations;Virtual classrooms to be extended to 400 civic schools;Development of an estuarine park near Mahim creek;The BMC estimates an income of Rs 26,581 crore this year and plans to spend Rs 26,474 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348536", "title": "BDA seeks suggestions for amending building rule", "text": "Bhubaneswar: The Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) has invited suggestions for the sweeping changes it has proposed in the BDA (Planning and Building Standards) Regulations, 2008.The draft BDA (Planning and Building Standards) Amendment Regulations 2012, published in the Odisha gazette, seeks objection or suggestion by March 27. The draft is available in the BDA website (www.bdabbsr.in).\"Constructive suggestions should come from people at this stage so that necessary changes can be considered while making the final regulations,\" said BDA vice-chairman Deoranjan Kumar Singh.Singh said the changes have been made mainly to bring more clarity in the existing regulations, which were made around four years ago. Imaginary and archaic provisions were abolished while focus has been given on fostering orderly development.The draft suggests several remarkable changes in the 2008 regulations. The new bill makes it mandatory for developers of sewerage, drainage, water supply and road projects to connect the project with the main network. Besides, the builders will have to produce no objection certificates from municipal authorities and sewerage board while applying for an occupancy certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12348849", "title": "11 held for gambling near Namakkal", "text": "SALEM: The Namakkal police on Monday arrested 11 people when they were allegedly playing gambling at the foothills of Nainamalai in Senthamangalam.Acting on a tip-off, a police team, headed by inspector B Sellamuthu, arrested the suspects and seized Rs 10,000 from them. The suspects were booked under section 12 of the Tamil Nadu Gambling Act. The arrested suspects were identified as C Selvam (41), M Packiyaraj (29), S Murali (29), A Mathiyazhagan (45), S Kanagavel (44), M Angappan (27), K Ravi (40), D Ayyappan ((42), A Kumar (34), R Venkatesh (29) and S Mariappan (36) of Senthamagalam in Namakkal district.Meanwhile, online gambling, particularly rummy, is fast spreading in the region without any action from the police. An officer in the police department said, \"A person who had completed 18 years of age alone should play this game (rummy). In any manner no money should be involved in the game. Besides, some states like Assam , Orissa, Rajasthan are not clear with respect to the game of rummy. Unfortunately, all illegal process happen in the online-rummy games. But, it is not taken seriously. Unless the affected persons approach the court, the police cannot do anything.\"Namakkal superintendent of police M Sathiyapriya said, \"According to a high court order, rummy is a game of skill, which can be played for pleasure or entertainment. But, if it is played for money, it is a gambling. The cyber crime police will be directed to look into this issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "12348691", "title": "Price rise gives respite to pepper growers", "text": "HASSAN: For pepper growers, who are left in the lurch due to decrease in production due to various reasons, this is a blessing in disguise. In what could be considered as an indication of the King of Spices slowly regaining its lost glory, the prices have gone up much to the respite of famers. Dip in production has doubled the demand.This year, the prices reached up to Rs 400 per kg where as last year, it was 290 per kg.The stable market price this year is Rs 370 per kg. The dying of pepper creepers, a contagious disease, has affected pepper production in the state and Kerala.\"The price rise in global market is due to fall in production in Vietnam. There is 40 per cent dip in production in Karnataka and Kerala also due to quick and slow wilt (foot rot disease),\" said H A Poornesh, a pepper grower in Sakleshpur. The price rise is good. But, the Spice Board is doing nothing to tackle the creeper disease to improve production, he added.Hanbal Bhaskar, president of the Hanbal Planters Association, said production of pepper has taken a beating in Vietnam due to climate change which has subsequently resulted in price rise globally.Though skyrocketing prices have brought smile on the faces of farmers in Sakleshpur region, some of them are a worried lot. As the creeper disease played a spoilsport this year, many have not succeeded in producing the crop properly.In Hassan district, Sakleshpur taluk is one of the major contributors of the black spice. India has a good market across the world. The domestic demand for pepper is estimated at 45,000 tonnes per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347778", "title": "HC wants \u2018outside\u2019 expert on panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday suggested the government to rope in eminent scientist M S Swaminathan as an \"outside\" expert for a panel set up to check pesticide residues in vegetables and fruits.A bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakhder stressed the need for a non government expert to be part of the committee and said that the government may consider seeking expertise of Swaminathan or of someone of that stature. It then posted the matter for hearing on March 27.The court took cognizance of media reports and was told by the Centre that it has formed an expert committee to periodically examine the fruits and vegetables - available in the open market - to check if they contain pesticide residues.On February 14, the Agriculture Ministry had convened a meeting of its senior officials with those of the food safety and standards authority of India (FSSAI) and the Delhi government's health ministry on the issue, the Centre told the bench.\"A six-member committee, headed by the joint director of the Agriculture Ministry, was constituted for framing a policy to detect pesticide residues in the vegetables and fruits,\" an affidavit, filed by government counsel Meera Bhatia, said.Besides chairperson Sarita Bhalla, others members include FSSAI director Dhir Singh, scientist N K Sharma, Delhi government's food analyst S M Bhardwaj, Union Agriculture Ministry official Vipin Bhatnagar and senior advocate V K Rao in the committee, it stated.The court direction came after a survey claimed that 35 different type of veggies and fruits were found having intoxicants beyond permissible limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "malerkotla house", "code": "12350074", "title": "From wasteland to park, Malerkotla House shows the way", "text": "MALERKOTLA HOUSE: Residents of Malerkotla House had embarked upon a green journey four years ago, and today, they are proud of the fruits their efforts have borne. Unhappy with the neglected state of a park in their area, they had formed Malerkotla House Park Management Committee.To ensure a blooming place, they not only planted saplings, but also started keeping a check on ''anti-social elements'' who might ruin their hard work. And so, a boundary wall was constructed and a guard stationed at the gate. Only the area people have access to the park, where they relax, play and hold get-togethers too. The panel has 40 members, who donate Rs 200 every month for the park's upkeep.A committee member, Anupam Kumaria, said, ''When we had taken up the task, the park was in a pathetic condition. We first initiated a cleanliness drive. Anti-social elements, too, were a problem and so, a gate was installed to keep a check on them. Besides, every member became vigilant and started keeping an eye on them.''Surinder Mehan, president of the committee, said, ''The municipal corporation pays Rs 1,500 every month for the park's upkeep, but we pay Rs 4,500 to our gardener, and we have a security guard too.'' ''The senior citizens of the area had planted around 12 palm trees there. These plants are like our children... we look after them well. Now, we plan to take up an adjoining park too,'' he smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348579", "title": "Panchayat official in ACB net", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Tuesday arrested Kongara Kalan panchayat secretary P John while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 7,000 from a complainant to do an official favour near a checkpost in Tukkuguda in Ranga Reddy (RR) district.At around 12.10 pm, the ACB officials caught 36-year-old John, panchayat secretary from Ibrahimpatnam mandal, red-handed from a roadside hotel beside the Agricultural Market Committee checkpost in Tukkuguda when he demanded the bribe from the complainant to issue a certificate stating that his house was located in Kongara Kalan panchayat jurisdiction.ACB sleuths recovered the tainted amount from the trouser pocket of the panchayat secretary and the chemical test conducted on his fingers yielded a positive result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12353098", "title": "Chidambaram rejects Naveen Patnaik's claims on hostage crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday rejected Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik claims that the Centre had not offered any help to the state in dealing with the abduction of two Italians by Maoists.\"I don't think the chief minister should be making these statements without any basis,\" Chidambaram told reporters when asked to comment on Patnaik's reported comments.The home minister said that the Odisha chief minister had not sought any help from the Centre.\"If he has actually said that, I am very disappointed. The chief minister spoke to me on Sunday, I offered him every help. He did not ask me for anything. He said I am just keeping you informed,\" Chidambaram said.He said the home secretary had told him yesterday and today that he had spoken to the Odisha chief secretary twice and Director General of Police once to offer them any kind of help.\"But no specific request for help has been made until I left my office a few minutes ago,\" Chidambaram said.Paolo Bosusco, a 54-year-old tourist guide, and Claudio Colangelo, a 61-year-old holidaymaker from Rome , were abducted on Wednesday in Odisha, in the first case of foreigners being kidnapped by left wing extremists.The Maoists holding the Italians have issued a list of 13 demands which includes a ban on tourists visiting tribal areas, the end of the government's anti-rebel operations and the release of jailed Maoist leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12348292", "title": "State rides priority into high-profile expressways", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Even as announcing that it would initiate road projects worth Rs 5,900 crore in the next financial year, Gujarat government on Tuesday gave special emphasis on the high-profile Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar state expressway. To cost coffers Rs 2,500 crore, starting with the coming financial year, 2012-13, the new expressway will pass through the Dholera Special Investment Region (SIR), and among the main spots it will touch is the proposed Dholera airport, in the south of Ahmedabad.State roads and buildings minister Anandiben Patel told the state assembly that \"preliminary work for the project like measurement, road alignment, land acquisition and utility shifting will begin in the coming financial year\". A senior government official added, \"Measurement work is already over. Now, the process of land acquisition will start for 120 km land road. A 150 metre wide corridor will be acquired all through. Along the state expressway, the proposal is to have a tube railway line.\"The minister also announced in the House that the World Bank-supported project for building 1,577 km long roads at the cost of Rs 2,000 crore would be started in the coming financial year. \"Based on a techno-feasibility report, the World Bank proposes to the rank roads and choose from those that the report has identified\", the official added.Among the roads that are being considered include for the World Bank project include Himatnagar-Mehsana-Radhanpur road, Sevalia-Umreth-Vasad road, Junagadh-Dhoraji road, Jamnagar-Khambhaliya-Dwarka road, Dabhoi-Bodeli-Alirajpur road, and Vansda-Dharampur-Vapi road.\"The World Bank team has made four visits to Gujarat for the project, and we expect it to provide funding starting with October\", the official said, adding, \"While the first three roads are proposed to be turned into four lanes, the other three will be widened to 10 metres.\"A third project the state government proposes to take up is resurfacing of 5,800 km long roads which, the state minister admitted, were not resurfaced for the last seven years. \"The work is proposed to be completed in three years, and would cost Rs 1,400 crore\", the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "one is goopy and the other bagha. that's prosenjit chatterjee and partha sarathi playing thieves in rajib's \" bikram singha", "code": "12352611", "title": "Prosenjit, Partha team up for Rajib\u2019s new film", "text": "One is Goopy and the other Bagha. That's Prosenjit Chatterjee and Partha Sarathi playing thieves in Rajib's \" Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\". The duo shot an introductory sequence, dressed as sadhus performing yajnas in the house they plan to burgle.Says Partha who shot with Bumbada for the first time, \"I've grown up watching his films. I remember trying to be Prosenjit singing \"Chiro din i tumi je amar\" to patao girlfriends. Today, I get to shoot with him. I kept pinching myself to believe that it was all a reality.\"The actor, who is shooting with Rajib for the second time, is all praises for the senior star, \"You have to work with him to realize why he is still No.1 in Tollywood. Can you believe it, Bumbada asked me to address him as 'tui' so that we get the chemistry between Goopy-Bagha right? It was unnerving to do so but he put me at ease.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12348915", "title": "Depleting water level at KRS worries farmers", "text": "MANDYA: The fast depleting water level at the Krishnarajasagara reservoir (KRS) is giving sleepless nights to the farmers in the area. Krishnarajasagara reservoir as on Tuesday in Mandya district. The water level at the reservoir as on Tuesday stood at 102.84 ft with an inflow of 823 cusecs against the maximum level of 124.80 feet.According to sources in the irrigation department, the inflow into the dam was 853 cusecs while outflow was 745 cusecs on the same day last year.\"As of last week, a total of 28,839 tmcft water is stored in the reservoir. Out of which, only 20,460 tmcft water could be used for irrigation and drinking purposes.The remaining 9 tmcft water is a dead storage and it cannot be used for irrigation. However, some part of it could be used for drinking. If the water level goes down below 74 feet,we will not be able to release water to irrigation canals. We have to keep this scarce precious liquid till the end of the summer which is highly unlikely,\" an irrigation officer told TOI.Depleting water levels at KRS reservoir, an indication of possible water scarcity and drought situation, is likely to cause turmoil in Mandya and Mysore districts.\"We did not face any shortage of water for our crops in the last couple of years. But, we are worried this summer as water level in the dam is depleting with the rise in mercury level,\" said Konasale Narasaraju, district president of the Karnataka Rajya Raita Sangha.Another farmer leader Haniyambadi Nagaraju blamed the Cauvery Irrigation Advisory Committee for allegedly wasting around 3 tmcft water due to unscientific water management.\"If water is being released to canals periodically on a rationale basis, we could have maintained a satisfactory water level of 115 feet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "gordon weiss was the united nations spokesperson in sri lanka during the final years of the island's sinhala-tamil civil war. today, as indian politics simmers over an upcoming un human rights council vote on the sri lankan military`s actions towards the ltte and tamil civilians, weiss spoke with manoj ramachandran about india's stand on sri lanka, compulsions shaping this - and how denials won't create a lasting peace", "code": "12344901", "title": "'Under coalition politics, India has no single Sri Lanka policy'", "text": "Gordon Weiss was the United Nations spokesperson in Sri Lanka during the final years of the island's Sinhala-Tamil civil war. Today, as Indian politics simmers over an upcoming UN Human Rights Council vote on the Sri Lankan military`s actions towards the LTTE and Tamil civilians, Weiss spoke with Manoj Ramachandran about India's stand on Sri Lanka, compulsions shaping this - and how denials won't create a lasting peace:Sri Lanka experienced 25 years of conflict, losing over 1,00,000 lives - by showing little remorse, has its government lost a historic chance for reconciliation?Yes - there's been plenty of triumphalism instead. The Sri Lankan government has successfully cast this as a war on terror. That sold extremely well in terms of recent global politics.You've spent time in Sri Lanka through the war - please explain why the Sri Lankan government has a problem accepting that human rights violations might have occurred? And against such denials, can victims of violations get justice?We're not talking just about rights violations here, which are an inevitable part of war. We're talking about large-scale war crimes, to account for which there's been no serious attempt by the government of Sri Lanka. There can never really be any justice for victims of human rights abuses - but this is about creating a lasting peace and whether the government of Sri Lanka is serious about creating conditions towards such peace.Considering that, how sound is an Indian argument that a negative vote in the UN may impact the delicate devolution process in Sri Lanka?There's no real sign of a serious intention to pursue devolution. There are complex domestic reasons for this in Sri Lanka. But so far as India using that as justification for protecting Sri Lanka from scrutiny of its human rights record goes - well, the basis is very thina\u00a6I believe among India`s primary motivations is a desire to be good neighbours with countries on its border alongside concerns over the rise of Chinese and, to a lesser extent, Pakistani influence in the island. Concern over the fate of the Tamils is at a distant third place.Yet the 'Tamil cause' is the only issue on which warring political parties unite in Tamil Nadu. But the Indian government's policy on Sri Lanka keeps wavering - any comments?I believe India's Sri Lanka policy has not been well-established because of differing opinions in the military and political establishments and the shifting sands of state politics in Tamil Nadu. Under a single-party government, India's policy was clear. Under coalition politics, India has no single Sri Lanka policy - India gives the impression of having a much more day-to-day response.The Indian government feels political compulsions from one state can't decide its foreign policy - doesn't that justify its no-vote against country-specific resolutions at the UN?I don't think it can be justified, certainly not on a narrow legalese view of the state of the rule-of-law in Sri Lanka. Nor can it be justified in terms of big-power democratic leadership - to which India presumably aspires. Perhaps it can be justified on the basis that India doesn't want its own handling of Kashmir or the Naxalite rebellions or other internal discontent examined too closely. It can't be justified on the basis of international covenants to which India is signatory... but in the end, like any government, it`s a question of power and what will matter is if the government can keep its numbers in Delhi, no matter which way they vote in Geneva .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12349751", "title": "First 1,000 days shape health for life", "text": "It's now official - the first 1,000 days of your life - conception to your second birthday is what decides how healthy or brainy you will be the rest of your life. For mothers force-feeding their teenage children with \"healthy food\" or pushing them to go out to play, scientific evidence now clearly proves that what a mother eats while pregnant influences the child's memory, concentration, judgement, intellect, mood and emotions.Scientists say there are at least 50 brain chemicals or neurotransmitters that are affected by the intake of food and micronutrients by the child in his or her first 1,000 days. The impact of inadequate nutrition during this golden period is lasting and irreversible, with effects beyond physical health to affect the child's cognitive development.This prompted The Times of India and Nestle to jointly launch an initiative to promote healthy nutrition in the crucial first 1,000 days.The nutrition available in the first 1,000-day period also predisposes children to chronic disease in adulthood. India at present suffers from the vicious cycle of malnourished pregnant women who most often give birth to underweight children. Of the 2.6-crore births in India annually, 23% babies are low weight (below 2.5 kg). Infant deaths and illnesses increase sharply as birth weight declines. Many of these children who survive become stunted or wasted by the time they are five.Pediatrician Meharban Singh says stunted children have smaller head size, impaired neuromotor coordination, sub-optimal learning skills and mental capabilities. Stunted children have around 11 points lower IQ compared to normal children. Maternal and child health expert professor Zulfikar Bhutta from the Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi told TOI that low birth weight among Indian children is mainly due to the effects of malnutrition during the 1,000-day period. \"Consequences of malnutrition are permanent and often passed down from mother to child. Steady decline has been noted in maternal and child mortality in India. Prevalence of severe nutritional deficiencies has also dipped but the pace has been slow. This is mainly because enough importance has not been accorded to the first two years of a child's life that are critical,\" professor Bhutta said. Experts even add that the seed of chronic illnesses such as diabetes, heart disease, schizophrenia and obesity are laid in the womb itself.Dr Swaroop Sampat Raval, chief of the Early Childhood Association says during pregnancy, the foetus is solely dependent on maternal intake and nutritional stores, mostly fat, for its energy. \"Poor maternal nutrition during pregnancy in turn implies a risk of poor nutritional availability to the fetus. Diet intake of a pregnant woman should look at being healthy overall rather than high calorie intake,\" Dr Raval said.Experts say the last three months of pregnancy and first three years of post-natal life are most crucial for a child's brain development. The size of a baby's brain at birth is almost 70% of the adult size but his body weight is only 5% of an adult. During the first year of life, 15% brain growth occurs. The remaining 10% of brain growth occurs during preschool years.Dr Sanjeev Ganguly, an expert on pediatric nutrition said \"what a mother eats decides how the genes of the child will express itself. Culturally in India, a woman eats last, even when she is pregnant. A socio cultural change therefore needs to come about which recognizes that a pregnant woman needs the maximum amount of nutrition. Its not about how much she eats as it is about the quality of food she consumes. Pregnant Indian women are concerned about calorie intake rather that protein intake which is essential for an unborn child.\" Proper intake of folic acid and vitamin B12 during this crucial 1,000 days by mothers can ensure the overall growth and well being of the child, added Prof. KalhanProfessor Jatinder Bhati, paediatrician at Medical College of Georgia School of Graduate Studies says underweight childhood, micronutrient deficiencies and poor breastfeeding combined cause 7% of deaths and 10% of the global disease burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12348930", "title": "Swine flu alert sounded in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has sounded an alert in the state after reports of swine flu deaths in Pune district of neighboring Maharashtra state. Additional Director of Health Services Dr K K Thassu has called on intensive screening of those in be a high risk group and those coming from outside.\"Screening would be tightened and hospitals have been told to increase testing in Bhopal ,\" said district chief medical and health officer, Dr Pankaj Shukla. \"We are fully equipped to deal with the outbreak and there was no cause for panic,\" he added.The last swine flu case was reported in the city in October 6, 2011. The reported case was that of a two-month-old new born.Medical experts say that people with low immunity due to pre-existing ailments like diabetes , hypertension, cardiac problems, cancer among others are more susceptible to such disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353595", "title": "Leadership workshop for women", "text": "Barnard College of Columbia University recently hosted a Young Women's Leadership workshop for high school students at the Cathedral and John Connon School, Mumbai. This event featured a plenary address on financial literacy for women and workshops led by Barnard students, which explored critical leadership skills including negotiation and collaboration. The high school students participated in a role-playing exercise where they were encouraged to consider clashing perspectives about an eminent domain scenario.Speaking on the agenda of the workshop, Debora Spar, president, Barnard College, said, \"The first part of the agenda was to get these students out of their comfort zones through role play and various other activities. We want to make them realise the different perspectives of leadership. Leadership has various aspects to it like negotiations, compromise, and persuasion among others. We are trying to awaken their true potential.\"Students form ten different schools across Mumbai were present at the workshop. Speaking about the workshop, Abhilasha Rajan, a student from Bombay Scottish School said, \"The workshop is a great opportunity to interact with different people across the globe.\" Another student, Amy Brar from Bombay International School added, \"Women empowerment is an issue very close to my heart. This workshop focuses on that aspect and that is what brings me here.\"The workshop was followed by a Global Symposium, 'Women Changing India', on March 16, 2012 in Mumbai, which brought together exceptional leaders in government, commerce, academia, arts and media from across the country. They spoke on social activism, entrepreneurship and cultural expression. Kiran Bedi , Nandita Das , Farah Khan were some of the women leaders present at the event.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348517", "title": "Iranians mark New Year with \u20187 elements\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Iranians in the city celebrated their New Year, Navroz, with much fanfare on Tuesday. The usually quiet Iranian Consulate was abuzz with life as people of this community descended to ring in the day together. \"Navroz literally means a new day. It symbolises the history of our ancient civilisation and rich culture and is independent of religion,\" said Mohammed Javad, an Iranian expatriate.At the consulate, a table was traditionally decorated with the seven elements (haftseen) that start with seen, the fifteenth letter of the Persian alphabet, sabzeh, samanu, sanjed, seer, seeb, somaq and serkeh.\"Sabzeh or greens stand for rebirth as it is the first day of spring. Samanu is a sweet pudding and symbolises a better life. Senjed means dry fruits and stand for love. Seer or garlic means better health. Seeb or apple implies beauty and somaq is indicative of the colour of sunrise. In addition to this there is sikeh (coin) which we all wish to have - wealth, and a goldfish in a bowl which means life within life. Muslims keep a copy of the Quran before the mirror which symbolises clarity. Persian Zoroastrians keep a copy of the Khodeh Avesta and Jews keep a copy of the Torah before the mirror. It is clear that this is an important part of Persian culture and not religion specific,\" another expatriate Azita Younesi explains.People from the Parsi community too have lined up events to celebrate their New Year on Wednesday. Octogenarian Polly Chenoy, who hails from a well known family of Parsis who moved to Hyderabad more than 200 years ago, informs. \"The first Parsi settler in Hyderabad was Mullah Kans Bin Rostum Jalal during the reign on Mir Nizam Ali Khan, the second Asaf Jahi ruler. The Parsis in Hyderabad held high offices because they were educated and knew Farsi - the official language of Hyderabad state, Urdu, Gujarati and English and thus acted as bridges between the state and the British Raj.\"Formerly from the department of English, Osmania University, Chenoy says that Navroz began during the reign of Jamshed Pasha of the Pishdadian dynasty. \"The advent of spring brought forth fruits and the melting of snow gave way to running streams of water. Navroz, therefore, was a season of joy as the earth came alive,\" she adds.On Wednesday morning, a jashn ceremony will be held at the Dar-e-Mehr (fire temple) followed by another at the Seth Viccaji Fire Temple. After offering prayers, members of the Parsi community gather at a Parsi elder's place. The haftseen can be seen at Parsi celebrations as well, with the addition of sugar. \"When the first Parsis came to India, they were told by rulers that there was no place for them. One such ruler, Ranan of Sanjan sent a jar full of milk which meant that there was no place for them. The Parsis then added sugar to the milk which symbolised enrichment and assimilation and sent it back to the ruler, who later welcomed them, albeit on certain conditions. Such was the fortitude of Parsis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347715", "title": "Yashwant Sinha, others oppose Jharkhand\u2019s NRI Rajya Sabha candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Strong resistance from within its ranks, with former finance minister Yashwant Sinha alleging that the party has put a price tag on its MLAs, has forced the BJP leadership to re-consider its \"mysterious\" decision to support NRI Anshuman Mishra's aspirations for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand.The re-think follows an upheaval in the meeting of party MPs on Wednesday, with Sinha saying the decision to back Mishra was tantamount to putting party MLAs on the auction block.The former finance minister received strong support from former Himachal CM Shanta Kumar and Nawada MP Bhola Singh, leading L K Advani to promise that he would take up the matter with BJP chief Nitin Gadkari .Sources in the party said the leadership is now planning to drop the plan to back Mishra, and may instead back R K Agarwal, a party sympathizer who has filed his papers as an Independent.The arrival of Mishra in Ranchi, who has within a short span of time become a prominent fixture of the celebrity circuit cutting across politics, business, glamour and cricket, was par for the course in a state which has acquired notoriety for subsidizing political aspirations of businessmen and their retainers. Starting from the 1950s when it was part of Bihar , Jharkhand has been the route for non-political entities to Rajya Sabha.The BJP leadership decided to back Mishra on the ground that the party with only 18 MLAs did not have the strength to get one of its own elected.However, the decision provoked an angry reaction from Sinha who, it is learnt, is pretty determined to go the whole distance to thwart the leadership's plans for Mishra. At the meeting of party MPs, Sinha lodged a strong protest. Questioning the leadership's description of Mishra as an Independent, he pointed out that his candidature was endorsed by six BJP MLAs, two of them ministers.The former finance minister also said that Mishra's papers were readied in the official chamber of Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda , while state organizing secretary Prasanna Kumar Mishra remained by the controversial NRI's side through the process.He was supported by Shanta Kumar who quoted Vivekanand to say that organizations lose their soul when they become subservient to ambitions of moneyed people. Bhola Singh argued for Advani's intervention to rescue the party's soul and body from the grip of rich people.The protest can only gladden those who have resented Gadkari's growing clout in the organization. The party chief, who started as one among many equals who constituted the leadership, has become the first among his peers, and has been asserting his authority. He has stood his ground on issues such as who should get the second RS seat from Bihar, plumping for a swayamsevak like Dharmendra Pradhan at the cost of the party's deputy leader in RS S S Ahluwalia even when the latter enjoyed the backing of many party elders.Although the re-election of Gadkari, who enjoys RSS's support, is a certainty, the controversy comes at a time when he has to grapple with complex issues like leadership in Karnataka. Those resenting his ascent can use the criticism of the Jharkhand decision to seek to restrict his maneuver space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12350009", "title": "Thane civic body turmoil may hold up annual budget", "text": "Thane: Political turbulence in the Thane Municipal Corporation is likely to derail the civic body's budget as the standing committee is yet to be appointed.The political instability arose after the Raj Thackeray-led MNS, which had voted for the Shiv Sena-BJP nominee in the mayoral polls last month, had a sudden change of heart on Saturday. The MNS gave a written undertaking to the Konkan divisional commissioner, pledging support to the Congress-NCP combine, triggering political turmoil.The MNS move is said to have been influenced by the Sena leadership's failure to extend support to the MNS nominee for the mayoral post in Nashik, in spite of the fact that Raj Thackeray had bailed out the Sena in the Thane mayoral polls.The MNS role effected a complete realignment of the political forces here with the DF camp tally going up to 65 with support from MNS and an Independent corporator Sanjay Pandey. The saffron combine, too, commands a strength of 65.\"It is a tricky situation as there is no single party or a coalition, with a majority. It will affect nominations to the chairperson of the standing committee and other panels of the corporation. A healthy debate on development issues is unlikely to happen,'' a political observer said.\"It will be a regular budget presented by the administration and municipal commissioner R A Rajeev is well within his rights to allocate the funds and spend for the first three months. A situation would arise should the political differences continue after three months and there is no party which has the required majority numbers in its favour,'' a senior civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347826", "title": "Abducted Italian tour operator entered India on tourist visa last September", "text": "NEW DELHI: Puri-based Italian tour operator Paolo Bosusco, who along with his compatriot Claudio Colangelo, was abducted by Maoists in Odisha last week, has been in India on a business visa which was issued to him by the Indian Embassy in Italy.Union home ministry officials, who checked the travel details of the abducted Italians, said that though Paolo had visited India a number of times on tourist visa in the past, he had been on a business visa which was issued to him for a year last September.\"Indian Embassy in Italy has been asked for other details,\" said an official, adding Claudio has, however, been in India on tourist visa.Odisha government has stepped up efforts to rescue the two Italians from the Maoists, who named three mediators to hold talks with the authorities. The Maoists had on Monday night nominated Narayan Sanyal, politburo member of CPI (Maoist) currently lodged in Jharkhand's Giridih jail, and civil rights activists Dandapani Mohanty and Biswapriya Kanungo to hold talks.As conditions for releasing the Italians, the ultras have demanded a halt to operation against them by security forces, lifting of the ban on the outfit and its sister organizations, action against erring police personnel involved in 'fake encounters', release of Subhasree Das (wife of Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda), Gananath Patra and other leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12349020", "title": "Climbing up the ladder: From constable to deputy superintendent of police", "text": "CHENNAI: P Kumar had to wait long before his dream of becoming a group-I officer in the Tamil Nadu police force was realised. Kumar, a constable in the Chennai police, got the order from the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) chairman R Nataraj for his appointment as deputy superintendent of police ( DSP) on Tuesday.Despite clearing the test in 2007, his appointment was delayed because he belonged to a scheduled tribe and getting his caste certificate verified was a task.\"I am happy now. I have been waiting for five years for this order. But the recruitment agency withheld it owing to the delay in verification of my caste certificate. My batchmates joined in their respective posts in 2009 itself,\" Kumar said.He is the first person from his village, Veeramarapatti in Thiruvannamalai district, to join the police force. He is also the first graduate in his family. \"All the credit for my success goes to my brothers and sisters,\" said Kumar, who lost his parents when he was in Class 4. Having finished his BA in economics and MA in public administration through distance education, he joined the police force in 2002.Kumar's village has about 500 families, who belong to the Malayali tribe. Though the state vigilance committee approved his community certificate in March 2010, TNPSC officials did not accepted it. \"I filed an RTI application to get a copy of the relevant government order and handed it over to TNPSC officials,\" he said.Nataraj said there were 509 cases pending on account of delay in certificate verification. \"We will issue orders to all of them soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12345195", "title": "Growth busts poverty", "text": "Poverty estimates between 2004-05 and 2009-10 show a sharp reduction in the absolute number of the poor by 52.5 million to 354.7 million. This is encouraging for several reasons. While the new poverty line at lower than the earlier Rs 32 per day benchmark - Rs 22.43 per day for rural areas and Rs 28.65 per day for urban areas - may draw grumbles, the fact is the percen-tage of below poverty line people has declined at double the pace of that bet-ween 1993-94 and 2004-05. This pushed down poverty rates by 7.4 percentage points to 29.8%. Another good news is that, though India saw one of the worst droughts in 2009-10, the gap between rural and urban poverty narrowed.Many factors account for the fall in poverty levels. The most important is high growth, averaging close to 9% over the five-year period to 2009-10, followed by the pick-up in agricultural growth to 3%. Additionally, larger spending on welfare programmes like NREGS helped push up wage rates, making growth more inclusive. Steady rural consumption in fact contributed to propping up overall demand in the economy in the post-2008 slowdown.Worryingly though, decline in poverty rates has been very skewed. While some states like Orissa pushed down its share of the poor by as much as 20 percentage points, others like Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan shaved it by 10 percentage points or more. In contrast, the percentage of the poor went up marginally in as many as eight states and Union terri-tories, mostly in the northeast. Equally discomfiting is the rise in the absolute number of the poor in some larger states like Bihar , where it went up by close to five million, and in UP, Assam and Chhattisgarh where it went up by around a million each.Uneven improvement in poverty figures calls for reworking poverty alleviation strategies. Greater focus is needed on employment generation. That doesn't only mean employment guarantee in urban areas - as has been proposed - where dip in poverty hasn't matched the pace of villages. It also means facilitating greater shift of rural and unorganised labour into factories, China`s impressive pace of poverty reduction being instructive here. While welfare schemes are important, strong emphasis must be laid on better targeting of beneficiaries and leak-proof delivery mechanisms using Aadhaar numbers. Increased focus on health, education and infrastructure is in order to accelerate and sustain growth. Ultimately there's no overstressing the need for policies that push growth, which is the best poverty-buster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348590", "title": "HMDA set to finalise draft master plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the last date for submission of objections and suggestions on draft master plan for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Region (HMR) just 10 days away, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has begun the exercise to finalise the plan.The draft master plan for the extended area was released in July, 2011, and soon after, objections and suggestions were invited from general public. After several extensions, March 31 has been fixed as the last date for receiving objections/suggestions. The HMDA had recently translated the draft master plan into Urdu and posted it on its website. The zoning regulations have been translated into Urdu and hard copies have been put up for sale at its offices.So far, HMDA has received 3,378 objections and suggestions from citizens. Of them, 1,864 came from 17 mandals of Ranga Reddy district, 499 from 10 mandals of Medak, 247 from two mandals of Mahbubnagar and 223 from five mandals of Nalgonda district.The highest number of petitions, 422, were received from Kandukur while 257 were received from Rajendranagar, 237 from Maheshwaram and 227 from Shamirpet. Similarly, 161 petitions were given by people in Kothur mandal of Mahbubnagar district and 141 from Ramachandrapuram mandal in Medak district.Most petitions were on land usage, roads and grid pattern of the Outer Ring Road (ORR) growth corridor. Villagers of Moinabad, Shamshabad, Chevella, Kothur and Maheshwaram have sought change in land usage from conservation zone to residential zone as most of these villages fall under the purview of GO 111. They demanded that HMDA increase the residential usage to 50% from the existing 10% of total area. Some residents have sought multiple land use, where all activities are allowed especially on main roads connecting ORR and radial roads.Land owners of the ORR growth corridor want access to the proposed eight-lane road. \"Genuine objections and suggestions will be taken into consideration while finalising the master plan irrespective of the number of objections on the issue,\" HMDA planning consultant VVLN Sarma told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353864", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s wedding photographer finalised?", "text": "Actor Pulkit Samrat wants to shoot Salman's wedding!Pulkit Samrat plays a wedding videographer in his forthcoming film 'Bittoo Boss'. The actor actually learnt how to shoot in order to get into the skin of his character.\"I have actually shot the making of various songs in the film\" revealed he.Speaking of his character's career, Pulkit added, \"If given a chance, I'd like to shoot Salman bhai's real wedding! He has been an inspiration. He has taught me so many things. He happens to be my fiance's rakhi brother and he has ensured I do good work in the industry.\"Salman, for the umpteenth time, when are you getting married?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350014", "title": "Man gets 10 yrs rigorous imprisonment for raping 8-yr-old girl", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur District and Sessions Court sentenced rape convict to 10 years rigorous imprisonment on Monday. Convict Dhanraj Tagde was found guilty of raping an eight-year-old girl in Katol. Judge G J Akarte also imposed a fine of 1,000 on Tagde. Additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani successfully pleaded the case.Tagde was the neighbour of the victim Seema (name changed), a standard IV student. On December 27, 2010, while the victim was playing with friends in Bajrang square, Tagde lured her into his house on the pretext of giving chocolates and committed the heinous act.After the girl narrated the incident to her parents, a police complaint was lodged against the accused. Vajani said that apart from many witnesses, medical tests too were sufficient evidence to nail the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349722", "title": "6th annual national symposium on Very-large-scale integration to be held at Goa University", "text": "PANAJI: With an aim to promote applications and research related to all aspects of VLSI in India, a one-day workshop on Wireless Physiological Monitoring Systems and the 6th Annual National Symposium on 'VLSI and Embedded System' will be held at Goa University from March 21-22.The event is being organized by the Department of Electronics, Goa University, Goa Chapter of VLSI Society of India and Gunjan Human Karigar Pvt Ltd, New Delhi.Rajendra Gad, co-ordinator of the symposium said, around 150 participants from academia and industry, from Goa and the neighbouring states are expected to attend the event. The event will benefit the students and researcher community in the region of Goa, he added.Technical papers in the areas of Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI), Embedded System design and Biomedical Engineering will be presented by students and faculty.Kanak Panday, trained psychologist certified on EMDR from the Hong Kong Institute of EMDR in biofeedback, neurofeedback and QEEG from USA will be the keynote speaker of the workshop on wireless physiological monitoring systems, neurofeedback-biofeedback, and computerized neuro-cognitive assessment systems.Dileep Deobagkar, vice-chancellor, GU will inaugurate the symposium. V Krishnamoorthy from ARM, Bangalore and alumni of IIT Madras will be the keynote speaker and will deliver a talk entitled 'Deep submicron effects on Spice modeling and extraction'. Abhay Phansikar, Acevin Solutions, Mumbai and secretary of IEEE Bombay section, will speak on 'Building Medium to Enterprise Scale Solutions using Embedded Technologies'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12353052", "title": "Maoists offer to release one of the two kidnapped Italians", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists today offered to release one of the two Italians held captive by them if two of their demands, including release of some rebels, were met, as the Odisha government asked its mediators to contact their counterparts chosen by the captors.\"One of the Italians taken hostage can be set free if the state government accepts two of our demands even before start of negotiations,\" a senior leader of the Odisha State Organising Committee of Maoists told a private TV channel.One of the two demands is immediate release of five ultras, including Subhashree Das, wife of top Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, and Gananatha Patra, the leader said.The ultras, who have encountered problems in finding negotiators for holding talks with the government, also sought action against police officials allegedly involved in fake encounters and rape.The state government on its part asked the three IAS officers named by it for negotiating with the ultras to contact former bureaucrat and social activist B D Sharma who is among those nominated by Maoists for talks.The ultras have extended the deadline for meeting their list of demands till this evening.The Italians -- Puri-based tour operator Paolo Bosusco and tourist Claudio Colangelo -- were abducted while trekking in Kandhamal district on March 14.The Maoists had initially nominated politburo member of CPI (Maoist) Narayan Sanyal, currently lodged in Giridih jail, and civil rights activists Dandapani Mohanty and Biswapriya Kanungo as negotiators.However, chief minister Naveen Patnaik voiced objection to Sanyal's choice on the ground that he was a lifer and was also undergoing jail terms for other offences, while Kanungo himself was reluctant to take part in the parleys.Following this, the Maoists named civil rights activist Prafulla Samantara and social activist and retired bureaucrat B D Sharma as the new negotiators. Samantara, has, however declined to negotiate saying, \"I doubt if the government will accept my nomination and I have no faith in the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12349970", "title": "Sand ghat plea: High Court notice to chief secretary", "text": "NAGPUR: A sand transporter has moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court alleging illegal mining, excavation and transportation of sand, that is causing loss of crores of rupees to Maharashtra Government, especially at the ghats around Bhandara and Nagpur. Trupti Udeshi was counsel for the petitioner Paramjit Singh Kalsi.A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bonde and Prasanna Varale then asked the Nagpur and Bhandara collectors along with state DGP to direct sand ghat contractors to submit running royalty books at the nearest police stations every day after 6pm with a seal and remark of closure over the last royalty slip.The DGP was also told to direct his subordinates to keep strict vigil over the sand ghats within their respective jurisdictions and stop any operation of contractors if they found violating 6pm deadline.The court also issued notices to chief secretary, and secretaries of revenue and excise departments, and also of environment. Notices were also served to state transport commissioner, DGP and collectors of Nagpur and Bhandara along with four others.Respondents were asked to reply by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12349411", "title": "UK court bars Muslim juror for refusing to take off veil", "text": "LONDON: In a first of its kind ruling, a veiled Muslim woman was barred from serving on a jury in a London court by a judge who wanted her to remove the face cover as it concealed her expressions.In an extraordinary ruling on Monday, the judge said she could not sit on an attempted murder trial because her full face covering, niqab, concealed her expressions , a media report said on Tuesday.The woman was about to take the oath in the case at Blackfriars Crown Court in London when the judge interrupted to ask if she was prepared to remove the garment which covered her face.Judge Aidan Marron, said it was \"desirable\" that her face was \"exposed\" during the trial and asked her to remove the veil.When she refused, she was told to stand down and a male member of the jury pool was sworn in in her place, the Daily Mail reported.\"This is totally unacceptable . I can't understand why facial expressions could have any impact on the judge, the judgement or anyone else in a trial,\" Massoud Shadjareh, chairman of Islamic Human Rights Commission, said.Official guidelines state that veils can be worn in court although senior judges should decide on a case-bycase basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349257", "title": "I\u2019d done my duty, says G Ramesh", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy commissioner of police G Ramesh, who has been transferred from central to north-east division for his alleged failure to contain the March 2 violence, said he has committed no wrong.Describing his transfer as routine, Ramesh told TOI that he did his duty when lawyers allegedly started beating up mediapersons and policemen. \"Else, why should I become a policeman?\" he asked.\"In my nearly four-year stint as central DCP, I have handled many protests and marches, including some by frontline politicians and veterans. Not even once have I raised my hands against agitators, nor have I misbehaved. Agitators have abused and insulted me many a time. Being a senior police officer, I know how to behave in such situations,\" Ramesh said.\"But things took an ugly turn when advocates smashed the head of a policeman on that day. Till then, we were pleading with lawyers but we had to rush and rescue the constable. Otherwise, the constable would have died that day,\" he added.KN Jitendranath, ACP-Ulsoorgate, refused to comment: \"All I can say is that I'd done my duty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12349780", "title": "Xavy used forged documents to avail bank loan, say cops", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police probing into the alleged illegal land deals of controversial businessman Xavy Mano Mathew on Tuesday filed a report before the additional chief judicial magistrate court stating that Mathew had used forged documents to avail a loan of Rs 8 crore.The report, filed by rural DySP R Mahesh, stated that out of the 1,000 acres of land near Vithura that was pledged before ING Vysya bank, 160 acres were puramboke land. The puramboke land was part of the Merchiston Estate owned by Xavy. The police have also sought the bank authorities to produce the title deeds of the land that were pledged before them.The case pertains to the controversy that erupted following the allegation that Mathew handed over a portion of the puramboke land to the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for setting up the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology ( IIST). The dubious deal had triggered a major political controversy in the state with the then forest minister Binoy Viswam coming out openly against the deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12348944", "title": "Doctor accused of misbehaviour", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed on the premises of a private hospital here on Tuesday after a mother of 8-month-old baby patient accused a visiting pediatrician of misbehaving with her. Though Dr Umesh denied the charges, a group of people barged into the hospital and reportedly jostled him in the evening.Police intervention brought the situation under control.The victim did not lodge any complaint, but Nazarbad police have recorded the statements of both the accused and the victim. According to a source, the doctor abused the mother of the baby who was undergoing treatment there.Denying the allegations, Umesh said the mother of the patient misconstrued his action. Gopal Gowda Shanthaveri Memorial hospital managing director Dr Santhrupth H V said what has happened between the doctor and the relative of a patient has nothing to do with the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12348065", "title": "'Bihar centenary car rally' reaches Varanasi", "text": "Varanasi: The Bihar government's 'Bihar centenary car rally 2012 (Patna to New Delhi) reached Varanasi for a stopover in Mohansarai on Tuesday.The rally is being taken out to celebrate 100 years of Bihar's existence. Rally coordinator Sumita Sahi said 11 teams having a total of 25 participants will complete the entire lap of over 2,700 kilometres in two days.\"The rally will reach Delhi Hatt in New Delhi where main activities for 'Bihar Shatabdi' celebrations will be held from March 22 to 28.The rally will cover National Capital Region (NCR), reach Uttarakhand via Mussoorie, and Dehradun and cities of Uttar Pradesh like Kanpur, Allahabad,\" said Sahi.According to Sahi, the motive behind the centenary car run is to spread awareness about the rich cultural diversity, heritage, places of tourist interests and other developments in the state.Various road shows will be held during the journey in which Bihar state anthem, folk and classical performances, screening of short documentaries on the history of the state and its rural prospects will be done.All the 11 vehicles being used in the rally bear pictures of heritage sites, agricultural development of Bihar, women empowerment, handicrafts, Madhubani paintings, cuisines of Bihar, places of tourists interests, environment and greenery of the state etc.According to Sahi, the rally will reach Varanasi again on March 27 and various cultural programmes including the screening of state anthem and documentaries will be organised. The rally will culminate on March 28 in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352683", "title": "Om Puri enjoys the beauty of Wai village", "text": "Om Puri shooting for Priyadarshan's sequel to Malaamal Weekly in Wai chose to enjoy the rustic environment over the air-conditioned vanity van.Your diarist spotted the veteran actor taking a quick power nap in one of the recliner chairs placed outside one of the many village cottages.Om doesn't deny it either. He told us, \"I like to spend as much time on the sets instead of the vanity van. How else can one enjoy the beauty of the riverbank where we are shooting... it is not everyday that we get to relax in the lap of nature.\" Living in a concrete jungle that is Mumbai, we couldn't agree more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12351179", "title": "Close shave for many in Panchkula blaze", "text": "PANCHKULA: Over 400 people had a narrow escape after a fire broke out in a shop-cum-office (SCO) in Sector 11, Panchkula, on Tuesday afternoon. Though no loss of life was reported, the devastating fire gutted property worth lakhs. The raging blaze could be controlled only after four hours. It had triggered from Sai digital showroom and spread quickly to a coaching center.The students taking tuitions got trapped but were evacuated to safety. \"The exact cause of the fire has not been ascertained yet. Short circuit could be one of the reasons,\" said sub-inspector Narender Singh of Sector 5 police station.Though fire tenders from Panchkula fire station were pressed into service, the blaze was so fierce that hydraulic fire tenders from Chandigarh fire station had to be requisitioned. Around 23 fire tenders both from Panchkula and Chandigarh had to be called to control the inferno.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12349215", "title": "IIM-(Indore)'s guidance session attracts more students", "text": "INDORE: The I-Mentor programme of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I), which was designed to answer queries of call getters, has registered an increase of 20% enthusiasts, who wish to clear the final hurdle and to become part of the institute this year.The programme started last year to answer queries related to ability test and interview process. For nearly 450 seats of post graduate programme in management, nearly 1,450 students got registered with the institute's initiative to clear doubts and anxieties of the call getters.The institute has called 3,200 students for written ability test and personal interview to finalize the students for the upcoming batch of 2012-14.Anurag Gupta, a first year student at the institute, said, \"More number of students got themselves registered to become part of the mentor programme as call-getters were also invited to be part of a social networking group where their specific queries relating to admission process were answered.\"The institute had prepared a primer which helped the candidates in getting familiar with the interview process along with introducing them to the basics of the specializations they would be studying once they join.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12348815", "title": "Special teams probing jewellery heist return", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three special police teams which went to West Bengal and Jharkhand as part of the investigation into the Alukkas Jewellery shop burglary, returned to Tirupur on Monday night. The Tirupur police have planned to revamp the special teams to nab the absconding burglars who stole 38kg of gold jewels from Alukkas Jewellery in Tirupur on February 20The special teams were camping in several parts of West Bengal and Jharkhand, looking for the remaining five persons, who looted the gold jewels. The West Bengal police failed to co-operate with Tirupur police, and thus they could not crack the case.The special teams were camping at least a month in West Bengal and had returned to Tirupur on Monday night. DIG H M Jayaram and Tirupur sub-division DSP Rajaram have reached Tirupur.But the police have deployed intelligence sleuths there to keep a watch. The police have arrested Zia-Ul-Sheik (28), Mir Raju Ali (30) and Hakkim Ul Sheik (27), all hailing from West Bengal, in connection with the case. Five others, Abdul Sheik, Bolo Mandal, Thobajul Mandal, Riyaz Sheik and one more person, all aged between 30 and 35 years from Jharkand state are still absconding.\"We have planned to revamp the special teams. The new teams will go to West Bengal and Jharkand to trace and arrest the burglars,\" said SP V Balakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12349009", "title": "ABVP to stage protest today", "text": "MANGALORE: Activists of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarathi Parishat (ABVP) will organize a state wide agitation seeking 'Indianisation' of the education system on Wednesday. \"The current system across the country is a smack of what propounded by Lord Macaulay and has not changed much even after 65 years of independence,\" said Ramesh K, state secretary, ABVP here on Tuesday.Amesh told reporters here that the state government had taken firm steps towards Indianisation of education. \"However, the process is being opposed by vested interests based on their ideological inclinations. When nations across the world have changed their education system to suit their local culture and beliefs, opposition to the same practice here is meaningless,\" he added.ABVP activists will stage dharnas in all district headquarters in the state to press forth their demands. In Mangalore, the activists will form a human chain at Basaveshwara Circle along NH 66 at Kadri Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12348939", "title": "Kavundampalayam parched after civic body takeover", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the past several months J Myurapriya, a housewife residing at Gandhi Nagar in Kavundampalayam, has been purchasing water. Until a few months ago, the area received water from the municipality on a regular basis. But after the area came under corporation limits, the supply became erratic and residents were forced to depend on can water.When several attempts to regularise water supply failed, about 100 residents staged a protest on Thadagam road and besieged MLA Arukutty, demanding regular water supply. \"Earlier, we had no water problems in Kavundampalayam. We received water four days a week. But now we get water only once in 15 days, and in many other areas, they get water only once in 25 days,\" said Myurapriya.\"Earlier, water was supplied from the Siruvani and later the Athikadavu water was supplied under the Combined Water Supply Scheme. If we were aware of the supply schedule, we would be prepared to collect the water. But supply is so erratic that we are unaware when water is released,\" she complained.People are forced to purchase water from private water tankers, said P Indrani, another resident in the area. This cost them anywhere between Rs700 to Rs1,200.Corporation officials and the ward councillor have not taken any action to resolve the issue, she complained. Staging a protest was the last resort, another resident said. Apparently, it worked, as they received water for two hours and the drainage was cleaned, she added.The situation is no different in other areas as well, said Sampath, an interior designer, residing at Vidya Colony. He said they had not received water in 25 days. People are forced to buy water in cans.MLA VC Arukutty said that the problem has been sorted out. Corporation officials have been asked to supply additional 20 lakh litres of water to Kavaundamplayam as the area's population has substantially increased. Besides, there were leakages in the water pipeline and once this is sorted out, the situation will improve, he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349178", "title": "Yeddyurappa, Somanna off the hook in land case", "text": "BANGALORE: Good news for former CM B S Yeddyurappa and his confidant housing minister V Somanna: Lokayukta police are giving the duo a clean chit in an alleged land denotification case.Lokayukta police are set to file a 'B' report before the Special Lokayukta court on Wednesday. Investigation officer DySP Prasanna V Raju informed this to the complainant, Ravi Krishna Reddy, a software engineer. In their letter, along with an 80-page report, police have stated there was no merit in his complaint.Reddy had filed a private complaint before the Special Lokayukta Court against Yeddyurappa, Somanna, his wife Shylaja and D Lingaiah. Based on the direction of the court, Lokayukta police had registered an FIR on November 26, 2011.The complainant had accused the former CM of illegally denotifying 22 guntas of land to benefit Somanna. The 22 guntas are located at survey numbers 77 and 78 at Nagadevanahalli, Bangalore South, which BDA had acquired to form the Jnanabharati Layout. It had issued the preliminary notification in 1989, final notification in 1994 and the award was passed in 1997. Though it was in the possession of the BDA, landowner Lingaiah was accused of illegally selling the land on September 4, 2004, to Shylaja. \"Somanna's family constructed a five-storied building without a building plan or approval from the BBMP. After selling the land, Lingaiah applied for denotification,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347498", "title": "Kingfisher\u2019s fate hangs in balance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cash-strapped Kingfisher's fate could be decided in a day or two. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is going to send a report to the aviation ministry on Wednesday - based on a two-hour meeting with airline chief Vijay Mallya on Tuesday night. The ministry could be forced to take some tough steps, as the report is likely to reflect the poor financial condition of Kingfisher because of which it has not been able to maintain schedule despite constantly reducing flights since winter.Giving an indication, aviation minister Ajit Singh on Tuesday warned that the Vijay Mallya-owned airline's licence could be cancelled if it fails to meet safety or financial viability norms. Later in the day, Mallya met DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan and tried to convince him - albeit unsuccessfully - that he has a survival plan for the airline, which now wants to slash its daily schedule to 110-125 daily domestic flights on 20 airworthy aircraft. All its foreign routes will be shut down.After the meeting, Bhushan said Mallya has spoken of a plan but made the regulator's worries clear for the airline. \"The airline has huge liabilities. In the last meeting, the airline said it will pay salaries by a certain date which hasn't happened. I am not assured on those fronts,\" Bhushan said.Singh made it clear that \"Vijay Mallya has to convince DGCA that he is in a position to operate an airline... The onus is on him\". The DGCA seemed anything but convinced by Mallya's assurances. The airline started winter with 64 planes and over 400 daily flights. These are now down to 20 planes - 16 in air and four spare.After meeting Bhushan, Mallya said: \"I had a comprehensive meeting with the DG and I am going to be available whenever he wishes to summon me. We will maintain our schedule with 20 aircraft. There is no point operating international flights as the suspension from International Air Travel Association (IATA) means we have no platform to sell those tickets. Our team in Geneva is talking to IATA. Salaries will be paid soon.\"Sources said Mallya's trump card during the meeting with Bhushan to prove he has the finances to run Kingfisher was the order from an Income Tax tribunal to \"de-seal\" some bank accounts. But given Kingfisher's financial health with total debt of Rs 7,057 crore and accumulated losses of Rs 6,000 crore, aviation authorities are skeptical that even de-sealing of these accounts would solve the airline's woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349246", "title": "Court pulls up probe agencies", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday expressed displeasure over slow investigation and lackadaisical approach of the CID and FSL in the KPSC exam case. The agencies were given two weeks to file final reports on irregularities in the examinations held in 1998, 1999 and 2004.Pulling up both for giving lame excuses, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen rejected their plea for six more months to complete investigation as sought by Justice Mohammed Anwar, head of the monitoring cell and former HC judge.The CID said investigation is over but sought an extension stating that FSL will have give its report on certain forged documents after analyzing handwriting. It has booked former chairman of KPSC, HN Krishna, for these irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12353002", "title": "Karnataka election results: Congress wins Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat", "text": "UDUPI: In a setback to the ruling BJP in Karnataka, the Congress on Wednesday wrested the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat from it with party candidate K Jayaprakash Hegde emerging victorious in the bypoll by a margin of 45,724 votes.Hegde, a former minister, defeated his nearest BJP rival V Sunil Kumar in a loss of face to BJP as the constituency was represented by DV Sadananda Gowda before becoming the chief minister.Hegde secured 3,98,723 votes as against 3,52,999 by Sunil Kumar.The electoral loss for BJP comes at time when the party is in a turmoil following the revolt led by B S Yeddyurappa for his reinstatement as chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12348567", "title": "Encroachments near Puri temple removed", "text": "Bhubaneswar: The process of decongesting the surrounding of Jagannath temple in Puri started on Tuesday with the district administration demolishing unauthorized constructions following an Orissa High Court order.The court on Monday directed the local administration to remove encroachments, including portions of Bada Chhata mutt that existed close to the shrine's boundary wall (meghanad pacheri), causing damage to its structure.On day one, the district administration demolished an unauthorized shoe-stand and toilet adjoining the Lion's Gate, entrance of the temple. \"The high court asked us to clear encroachments from 10-ft distance from the boundary wall. We will abide by the order and keep the shrine surrounding encroachment-free,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal said. \"We are taking all precautions to prevent any damage to the temple during the demolition drive,\" superintending archaeologist A K Patel said.Meanwhile, the administration is undecided whether or not to demolish the state-run information centre near the temple. Rooftop of the information centre is being used by VVIPs, including governor and chief minister, to watch the Rath Yatra every year.There were attempts in the past to clear encroachments around the temple that comes under the high risk category shrines in the country. But it fell by the wayside. Vendors choked the surrounding by setting up temporary shops, jeopardizing temple's safety. Earlier on Friday, the Puri administration had razed down a portion of 500-year-old Chhauni mutt that was damaging the Lion's Gate.Bada Chhata mutt and Chauni mutt had moved the high court challenging the Puri administration's contention that their structures were a threat to the temple. The ASI had issued demolition notices to the mutts in 2004. But the religious institutions had then managed to get stay orders from court.The matter, relating to safety of the shrine structure, resurfaced after the temple's technical committee recently noticed some weak portions of Lion's Gate and suggested immediate demolition of the two religious institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12348617", "title": "\u2018UP govt did not protect wetland\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The minister of state for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan, on Tuesday informed the Rajya Sabha that the UP government had not adhered to conditions of environmental clearance in protecting the Dadri wetland from infringement. The minister was replying to a question asking if the Bil Akbarpur wetland had been sold to a private builder. The minister said that a team had been sent to verify the factual position. As per its report, even though there were no corroborative evidences to show that the wetland was a habitat for 200 endangered species of birds, Bil Akbarpur has been identified as an important wetland covering 4 hectares.Natarajan informed the house that on the basis of field inspection, a show cause notice was issued to the builders under Section 5 of Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 to stop any construction or land reclamation work in the vicinity of wetland and lands having characteristics of wetlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350119", "title": "Oil companies told to improve cooking gas supply", "text": "NAGPUR: State minister for food and civil supplies Anil Deshmukh on Tuesday summoned a meeting of the public sector oil companies to sort out increasing complaints about irregular supply of domestic cooking gas cylinders. He instructed the officials to ensure that supplies were streamlined within a week. He asked the companies to seek increased quota to clear all bookings.Deshmukh told reporters that as per the data given by the oil companies Hindustan Petroleum (HPCL) had a 75% market share accounting for 5.5 lakh domestic gas connections in the city and another 50,000 in the district. The refills are supplied through their network of 22 dealers.The company officials admitted that there were some constraints but agreed to correct the situation in a week. Similarly Bharat Petroleum (BPCL) caters to 1.9 lakh customers through 14 dealers and the Indian Oil ( IOC ) has 80,000 connections in the district and 50,000 in city.Regarding complaints about blackmarketing of cooking cylinders and misuse by commercial users like hotels , restaurants and caterers, he said a joint operation by revenue, police and oil company officials would be carried out to check this. The domestic cooking gas priced at 425 a cylinder is heavily subsidized while the commercial one is priced at 1700.He said a meeting of all cooking gas dealers and officials would be convened soon to address issues like delay in supplies, compelling customers to buy stoves and accessories by the dealer while providing new connection.The officials also said that all customers were free to get a second cylinder on their old connections and that there was no rule that only one cylinder would be supplied per customer in a month.\"There is a chance of misuse of domestic gas by commercial users and so we ask for some time gap between booking of two cylinders,\" said a HPCL official but he agreed there was no bar on booking second refill within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348266", "title": "16 lakh ghost ration cards in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are 16 lakh ghost ration cards in circulation in the public distribution system (PDS) in state, the state government told the state assembly on Tuesday.Panchayat and civil supplies minister Narottam Patel said that of the 1.25 crore ration cards in state, there are 16 lakh ghost ration cards which are illegally used by shopkeepers registered under the PDS. He said this is the reason black marketeers are opposing bar code on ration cards.Patel further told the assembly that the government has also introduced 'Shram Yogi' scheme under which five poorest families will be identified. The government will then adopt them and ensure their income is over Rs 30,000 per annum.Also, during discussion, Congress MLA Shailesh Parmar sought to know from the government if they were contemplating bringing about a control on groundnut prices. As the minister did not give any satisfactory reply, the Congress MLAs walked out.Congress chief whip Iqbal Patel alleged that the government by organizing 'Garib Kalyan Melas' was actually affecting the functioning of panchayats. Earlier, the beneficiaries used to get their loans and other benefits in a month, but now they have to wait for a year for melas to be organized. The collectors are given a task to ensure that no such distribution takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350143", "title": "Encroachment will be removed for road widening, says Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: The engineers of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have confirmed that the encroachment at Bhagwagar Layout by a contractor was noticed nearly 10 years ago. The NMC had intimated the concerned officials of the district administration in writing about the encroachment 5-6 years back. The lack of action all these years only throws strong hints of a land scam.Two days ago, after TOI reported the event on March 9, NMC's sectional engineer GD Mendhulkar sent a report to the assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone, Mahesh Moroney about the encroachment. \"The contractor RM Goplani had also usurped part of the eight-meter wide road,\" he said.Mendhulkar told TOI that the contractor has been illegally occupying the nazul land since the last 8-10 years. He went on add that \"no action was taken as there was no need to widen the road\". \"Whenever the occasion warrants, we will remove the encroachment,\" he said. Electrical engineer GM Tarapure in his report shockingly overlooked the fact that encroachment extended to street light poles too. Two poles along with MSEDCL's 33 kv overhead line has been illegally occupied by Goplani.Collector Saurabh Rao has assured immediate action against the encroacher and also to recover penalty. \"I was not aware of the case. Officials have conducted the survey with the help of City Survey Department but on other land. Directives have been given to the officials concerned for survey and action. Survey and action will be taken with the help of NMC and City Survey Department,\" he said.Asked about being intimated by the NMC 5-6 years ago, Rao said he was not aware of any such letter. \"I will collect a copy from NMC. If NMC had already given intimation, the officials will be questioned about the reasons behind no action on the contractor,\" he said.Despite assurance given by mayor Anil Sole for immediate action, no such instructions were reportedly given to officials concerned. Citizens in the area had also met Sole during the election and requested to remove the encroachment. But Sole is mum on the issue even though the encroachment is in his ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348811", "title": "Traders protest unscheduled power cuts", "text": "CHENNAI: The market in Guduvanchery, 35 km south of Chennai, normally bustling in the afternoon, was closed on Tuesday in protest against the unscheduled power cuts in areas beyond Tambaram. Over 2,000 traders, vendors, elected representatives took out a rally from the market to the TNEB office in Guduvanchery and submitted a memorandum.A similar protest was staged by hundreds of women in Urapakkam, 6km from Tambaram, on Monday.After the government announced stipulated power cuts across the state a few months ago, residents of most areas beyond Tambaram have been complaining of unscheduled power cuts for 10 to 13 hours everyday. City areas up to Tambaram have two hours of power cuts, while for those beyond it, falling under Kancheepuram district, it is four hours a day. However, unscheduled outages continue through the day and night, traders said. They said power went off between 9am and noon, 3pm and 6pm, 7.30pm and 8.15pm, 9.45pm and 10.30pm, 12.05am and 12.45am, 2.15am and 3am. \"Besides, there are the regular 9am-5pm shutdowns for maintenance. Many small traders and businesssmen have lost their livelihood due to this,\" said Guduvanchery Traders Association chairman M K Dhandapani.In several other areas, the unscheduled power cuts were between 7.30pm and 8.15pm, 9.45pm and 10.15pm, 11pm and midnight; and again from 1.30am to 2.30am and finally for an hour in the morning. \"Most shops and business on Chennai's outskirts rely on daily sales. Due to these unscheduled power cuts, our livelihood is threatened and our income has come down by half in the past few months,\" said K Velmurugan, a trader.TNEB officials (Guduvanchery) said they had received petitions from traders and businessmen and that they \"would inquire into the issue of unscheduled power cuts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348642", "title": "At 39.1\u00b0C, city sees decade\u2019s third hottest day for March", "text": "PUNE: On a day of contrasting temperatures, the city recorded the third hottest day for March in the last decade. The maximum temperature, at 39.1 deg Celsius, was three degrees above normal, on Tuesday. Pune also recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 14.6 degrees Celsius, which was down by a notch from the normal mark.The contrast was evident from the relatively cool morning and the palpably hot conditions during the afternoon. Officials at the India Meteorological Department (IMD) attributed this to the low levels of humidity. \"Whenever the humidity is very low, we have this huge difference between minimum and maximum temperatures,\" IMD's deputy director general (weather central) Medha Khole told TOI.The highest temperature for March in the decade beginning 2002 was 40.1 deg Celsius, recorded on March 18, 2004, while the second highest for the decade was 39.6 degrees Celsius on March 30, 2007. Pune's all-time record for March is 42.8 deg Celsius, recorded on March 28, 1892.The rise in the day temperature is in keeping with the seasonal pattern and the mercury hovered between 39 and 42 degrees Celsius in parts of Vidarbha, Marathwada and central Maharashtra, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. Chandrapur in Vidarbha recorded the state's highest temperature at 41.9 degrees Celsius.\"We expect the maximum temperature in the city to remain around 39 degrees Celsius for the next two or three days,\" Khole said. \"What might bring some relief, thereafter, is the likelihood of the development of a cyclonic circulation over southern Maharashtra and adjoining Karnataka, as has been predicted by our numerical weather model,\" she said. The cyclonic circulation is expected to result in cloudiness, which will bring the temperatures down, she added.\"For now, the perceptible rise in day temperature is the outcome of clear sky conditions; a significant drop in humidity and the seasonal pattern of approach to summer equinox, which means the apparent movement of the sun from the southern to northern hemisphere,\" said Khole. The summer equinox, which usually falls on March 21, signifies the transition from winter to summer, she added.\"The wind speed over central India and adjoining Maharashtra is also very less,\" said Khole. \"This is mainly due to a steep pressure gradient over extreme north India including Jammu and Kashmir, where the winter remains strong. However, there is no wind factor over central India and adjoining parts.\" This (absence of wind factor) is further signified by the fact that Marathwada and Vidarbha regions in Maharashtra and adjoining parts of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka are covered by a 40 degree Celsius isotherm, which refers to the line joining equal temperature stations that signify areas where the temperature is very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12353686", "title": "Broadening Horizons", "text": "KOLKATA: For students aspiring to study animation, video game and industrial design, DSK Group of companies in a tie up with the Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Grand Hainaut, France, is introducing in India, the expertise and experience of the French institution Supinfocom.Supinfocom, France has been amongst the world's highest ranked institutions for the past 24 years and now DSK brings its first international setup in Pune under the name DSK Supinfocom International Campus. Spread over 20 acres of land, the campus is equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure and offers education on a full-time residential basis.It offers a five-year integrated course with a diploma degree - a foundation course for three years and an advanced course for two years. Students may seek admission to the foundation course after 10+2 or to the advanced course after a degree or diploma in the relevant field.There are three broad areas - animation, video games and industrial design, with the curriculum designed and monitored by the French institution to provide the students international standards of education.The video game course offers three specialisations in game art, game design and game programming. The industrial design course offers specialisations in product, transportation and digital.The institute also provides two embedded internships within the period of the course. The certificate awarded for each course is sanctioned by a jury of industry leaders and approved by the French government.\"I am proud to say that with the setting up of the DSK Supinfocom International Campus, we have sown the seeds for creating not only dynamic professionals but indeed world-class entrepreneurs. At DSK Supinfocom we encourage students not just to become employable but also become employers,\" said D S Kulkarni, chairman and managing director of the DSK Group.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350032", "title": "DRI hunts for six smugglers of red sanders", "text": "Mumbai: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence is on the lookout for six red sander smugglers against whom a one-year detention order was issued last week.The order was issued against the racket's kingpin and five of his aides after the DRI seized 13 containers, with 200 tonne red sanders worth Rs 50 crore, at JNPT last September. Soon after, another 45 metric tonne red sanders was seized from a godown in Kolhapur. Export of red sanders is banned and is in high demand in China, where the extracts are used for medicinal purposes.Kingpin Ajit Satam from Dadar runs a construction business. Apparently living life king size, Satam owns a fleet of high-end cars like Ferrari, Bentley, BMW and Mercedes; he also holds business meetings at a five-star hotel where he has booked a room for a year. Satam's aides Deepak Jare, Prakash Shewale, Bhaskar Tate, Alex Fernandes and Ravi Waikar are also mentioned in the order. A DRI official said, \"After we seized the red sanders, the screening committee approved the six's detention in the third week of September. The state home department, which was supposed to ratify it, delayed it for nearly six months.\" Meanwhile, Satam also filed several representations, which delayed the detention orders further, the official added. The order has been issued under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act.According to the officials, the syndicate would pose as buyers and place orders with suppliers of items like mango pulp. As the goods were delivered to the gang's godown, the members would empty the containers, stash them with red sanders and seal then with duplicate bottle seals to escape check at the port, officials said.DRI said Satam bought red sanders at Rs 800 per kg and sold them at Rs 2,700 per kg, earning a profit of around Rs 2 crore per container. Jare received Rs 40 lakh for every container exported. Satam invested Rs 10 crore in his construction business, an official added.The officials have seized Rs 13.5 crore from Satam's bank account and Rs 2.5 crore from Jare's Nerul flat. \"Satam's cars will also be auctioned,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349594", "title": "After arrests, it\u2019s now money back time: Police", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Police investigating the multi-crore fraud has so far made seizures worth Rs 10 crore which included moveable and immovable property.After arresting five fleeing directors of the company who were brought from Hanoi in Vietnam on Tuesday, the Jaipur police claimed that those who have lost their \"big money\" would definitely get back their hard-earned cash through the legal process. \"Till date we have arrested 25 accused in this case which include all the directors and the team leaders. From their bank accounts, lockers and other means we have have made an estimate of Rs 10 crores of moveable and immoveable property,\" said BL Soni, Commissioner of Police on Tuesday.He added that initially the Gold Sukh directors had collected nearly Rs 203 crore out of which nearly Rs 125 crores were returned back to the investors. \"It is now a fraud of nearly Rs 80 crores. Now, we are aiming at facilitating the victims to get their money back through legal process,\" he added.Police said that the Gold Sukh directors had invested in real estate and also owned luxury vehicles. \"Apart from the hard cash, the itmes seized include 70 bighas of land in Kekari (Ajmer), one house each in Vaishali Nagar and Sagar enclave and three luxuary vehicles (estimated) cost around Rs 1 crore.\"All these seizures would be shown to the civil court through arbitration and the concerned court will compensate the investors,\" said Soni. Asked how many affected victims have lodged FIRs at the Vidhyak Puri police station, Soni said, \"Though we have nine FIRs lodged in which nearly 350 victims of multi-level marketing schemes run by Gold Sukh Trade India limited have lodged complains. But, during the legal process all those who have lost money in this chain process can also approach the court by showing their documents and transactions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349104", "title": "Bihar to get 660 MW of power from Barh plant", "text": "PATNA: The Centre has agreed to allocate 660 MW of power generated from its Barh super-thermal power station (Phase Two) to Bihar. CM Nitish Kumar made this announcement after a two-hour meeting with Union power minister Sushil K Shinde here at his (CM) official residence on Tuesday.Nitish said that the minister has agreed to allocate 660 MW of power which is 50 percent of the total generation of power from its Barh plant. The CM also said that Bihar would get additional 100 MW of power from other sources. Shinde also assured the CM about the early allocation of coal linkages and blocks for running coal-based thermal power stations in the state. Nitish also requested Shinde to provide coal linkages on priority basis for the extension unit of Barauni thermal power plant in Begusarai district.The CM also asked the Union power ministry to extend all cooperation in making Bihar a self-sufficient state in the power sector.Several cabinet colleagues and officials, including water resources development minister Vijay K Chaudhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, Union energy secretary P Umashankar, chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, Union joint secretary (energy) I C P Keshari, NTPC CMD Arup Roy Chaudhary, PowerGrid CMD R N Nayak, state energy secretary Ajay K Nayak and BSEB chairman P K Rai, attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12348639", "title": "Sealing of illegal commercial units re-starts today", "text": "NOIDA: After a break of almost a week, the Noida Authority has once again planned to crack down on unauthorized commercial units operating from residential plots in the city. For now, the drive will spare banks and nursing homes. The acting chairman and CEO of Noida, Anil Raj Kumar has called a meeting of Authority officials on Wednesday morning to chalk out the course the sealing squad will take to shut all illegal establishments.Last week, the Authority had sealed two commercial establishments in sectors 19 and 20. It had also inspected banks in sectors 12, 19 and 20, which had already relocated to commercial areas. The acting CCEO has said that the sealing drive, led by Noida's administrative officer Rajesh Prakash, will be continuous from Wednesday onwards.Meanwhile, the final hearing in the Supreme Court on banks and nursing homes matter has been scheduled for March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12347768", "title": "Minor rape: Ghaziabad police to rope in cyber experts", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The tutor who allegedly raped his student and blackmailed her into stealing jewellery from her parents and relatives was on Tuesday produced before a city court and sent to jail. The police also scanned the laptop and mobile phone of the 23-year-old accused but failed to get any evidence. Help will now be sought from cyber experts in Delhi to recover the MMS clip on the basis of which the victim was being blackmailed.Meanwhile, the statements of the 15-year-old victim and family members of the accused have been taken. Cops investigating the case said the victim is also under the scanner. \"There is a strong possibility of the victim being involved in the incident, so we are probing the case from all angles,\" said Sahibabad police station officer Devi Ram Gautam.The police had on Monday arrested the accused, who ran a coaching centre in Shalimar Garden-II, after the girl's family complained that he had been raping her from last September. The accused has, however, given the statement that the girl lured him to have a physical relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348469", "title": "By-election results today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal said elaborate arrangements have been made for counting of votes in all the seven assembly segments where the by-elections were held on March 18. The first results are expected to be out by 10.30-11 am.The counting will start at 8 am and is set to be completed by noon. Even before counting, some of the candidates started celebrations in Telangana region. For the first time, the election authorities are using 3G services to upload the counting process on to internet. The entire process would be recorded with web cameras which are connected to internet through 3G services enabling the Election Commission authorities to watch the process.Counting in Kamareddy would be held at Jeevadhan High School, for Adilabad at APTWRS Junior College. In Kovur, counting would be taken up the government polytechnic school and for three constituencies in Mahbubnagar, Jayaprakash Narayana Engineering college has been selected. The electronic voting machines ( EVMs) have been stored in strong rooms in the designated counting halls after completion of polling on Sunday. == House nod for mantris pay hike; Chief minister to get 16,000 basic pay GVMC, GMC, VMC,AP Municipal Laws Bill HYDERABAD: The legislative assembly on Tuesday passed a bill enhancing the chief minister's basic pay from Rs 5,250 to Rs 16,000 a month and that of ministers (including deputy chief minister) from Rs 5,000 to Rs 14,000.The special allowance is proposed to be increased to Rs 8,000, sumptuary allowance to Rs 7,000, camp office allowance to Rs 10,000, security car allowance to Rs 25,000, own car allowance to Rs 30,000 and house rent allowance to Rs 50,000. The amendments to the Andhra Pradesh Payment of Salaries and Pension and Removal of Disqualification Act, 1953 also proposes to give a constituency allowance of Rs 83,000 to the CM, ministers and others (like government chief whips, whips). The HRA allowance of MLAs and MLCs too has been raised from Rs 3,000 to Rs 10,000 per month, besides payment of Rs 1000 each towards water and electricity consumption charges. The last hike was effected in the year 2000.The Andhra Pradesh agricultural land (conversion for non-agricultural purposes) amendment bill 2012 was also introduced, which seeks to reduce land conversion charges to 9% from the existing 10% in the state and to 5% in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, Vijayawada Municipal Corporation and Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation limits. The estimated financial loss on account of reducing the one-time conversion fee from 10% to 5% in areas covered under GMC, VMC and GVMC is Rs 5.13 crore and from 10% to 9% in the remaining areas of the state is Rs 5.63 crore per annum.The bill also proposes to treat aquaculture, poultry and dairy activities on a par with agriculture and no conversion charges would be levied on land where aquaculture is undertaken. Aquaculture has been treated as one of the crops under the AP Water Tax Act1998 and Rs 500 per acre is fixed as water tax per year. The state has already lost a revenue of Rs 468 crore between 2007 and 2009 as conversion charges for land that has been converted for aquaculture.Other bills that were passed included the AP Municipal Laws (Amendment) Bill 2012 and the AP (Andhra Area) Inam (abolition and conversion into Ryotwary) (Amendment) Bill, 2012. The AP Municipal Laws (Amendment) Bill 2012 proposes to put in place a state-level property tax board, which will assist all municipalities and municipal corporations in the state to put in place an independent and transparent procedure for assessing property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12354073", "title": "Yeddyurappa to be reinstated as Karnataka chief minister: TV reports", "text": "NEW DELHI: In latest developments, BJP leader B S Yeddyurappa is likely to be reinstated as Karnataka chief minister, TV reports said.According to Times Now reports, the announcement will be made within 24 hours.B S Yeddyurappa is expected to arrive in Delhi later today from Bangalore to meet his party top leaders, NDTV reports said.Yeddyurappa had earlier set a 48-hour deadline to the high command to make him chief minister.The former CM has had a blow-hot-blow-cold approach in his war against the party leadership. But despite the battle, he has shown reluctance to quit the party.A clean chit from the Karnataka high court in the illegal mining case emboldened Yeddyurappa's fresh move to exert pressure on the party to reinstate him as chief minister.Yeddyurappa is expected to arrive in Delhi by Wednesday afternoon, to hold meetings with the central BJP leadership.Yeddyurappa, who is demanding another shot at being chief minister, had placed more than half the BJP's MLAs in a five-star resort since the weekend. Their absence from the assembly proceedings had made it impossible for the current chief minister Sadananda Gowda to present his budget. Hectic negotiations, however, helped end that crisis. Yeddyurappa's followers arrived, as promised by him last night, at the assembly this morning and the CM was able to present the budget.Earlier, the BJP central leadership had forced Yeddyurappa to quit in July 2011 after he was indicted by the Lokayukta report on illegal mining.Former Lokayukta Justice Santosh Hegde's inquiry into mining graft in Karnataka had accused Yeddyurappa and other key officials for causing a loss of at least 160 billion rupees to the state exchequer between 2006 and 2010.Yeddyurappa tendered his resignation on July 31 to Karnataka Governor Hansraj Bhardwaj , following allegations of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352682", "title": "John\u2019s injury sets back Sanjay Gupta's film", "text": "After Ranveer Singh's back injury, it is John Abraham's broken leg that's playing havoc with a film's shooting.Sanjay Gupta's 'Shootout At Wadala', suffering a series of bizarre hiccups ever since its commencement earlier this month, suffered another setback last week when the film's leading man John Abraham suffered a hairline fracture in his foot during an action sequence.And now a very expensive action sequence to be shot on a crowded street where John had to run through a gauntlet of pursuers in the midst of BEST buses, would have to be postponed.The losses, though running into an exorbitant sum, have left the director Sanjay Gupta unperturbed. \"It's okay. John is going out of his way to be accommodating. It was a very important action sequence requiring a lot of paperwork, permission and costs. But more than my concern for the lost schedule it's John's condition that bothers me. He shot one action scene through the shooting pain in his leg after it was fractured. He was ready to shoot the second action scene in that condition. But it was out of the question. How could he run through a crowded street with buses, with that leg.\"John had undertaken intense preparations for his big action sequence which was to be shot on March 22 and 23.Informs Gupta, \"He had to run faster than the buses. He was on a fish-only diet. And he was looking forward to ending the bland diet after finishing the action sequence.The postponement means more fish no-carbohydrate diet for a month more for John.\"Unperturbed by the financial losses Gupta says John has already given alternative dates to shoot the postponed action sequence in April. \"In the meanwhile John isn't sitting idle at home. He will be doing dialogue reading sessions with Anil Kapoor while his leg heals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348967", "title": "Decks cleared, Kudankulam nuclear power project surges ahead", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the state cabinet cleared the controversial Kudankulam nuclear power project in Tirunelveli, the government began moving ahead at full throttle to have the plant up and running by August.As part of its strategy to hasten work while avoiding a confrontation with activists protesting against the project - which the government now sees as vital to dealing with its energy crisis - police contingents have been deployed on all approaches to the site. Section 144 of the CrPC has been clamped to prohibit protesters from rallying, and checkposts have been set up in surrounding villages.Police teams have been stationed at Thomas Mandapam, from where the Kudankulam main road branches off to Idinthakkarai, 2km from the plant and the focal point of the protests, to cut off the village.At Idinthakkarai, 15 protesters, including People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy coordinator S P Udayakumar and convener M Pushparayan, have started a hunger strike since noon on Monday. The protesters, who have gathered in the village, are aware that the police are waiting for them to make a mistake.\"Please do not stray out of the village as the police are waiting for us to venture out,\" an activist announced as villagers queued up for a frugal meal of dal and rice.The police are playing a waiting game, cordoning off the plant and counting on the summer heat to drain the resolve of the protestors. Senior police officers said the protest fast would not pose a threat to activity at the plant.\"As long as the hunger fasts remain peaceful, we will have no problem,\" said additional director-general of police (law and order) S George, who visited Kudankulam on Tuesday. Sources said the authorities are carrying out a propaganda campaign to create a rift between the local people and frontline protesters. South zone IG Rajesh Das told mediapersons that he had information that villagers were getting restive and were likely to ask outsiders to leave their villages.The police have so far arrested only protesters who tried to obstruct workers from entering the plant. The government is obviously keen to avoid a showdown with the fishing community. \"Any police action against fishermen can quickly spiral out of control,\" said another police officer.Udayakumar said people are moving into Idinthakkarai by boat despite the curfew. \"But there could be public health problems and food shortage in a few days here in Idinthakkarai,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12349756", "title": "Black buck skin seized at Mapusa", "text": "KERI: Amrut Singh, along with the members of Wildlife Rescue Squad and officials of the forest department, raided a house at Cunchelim in Mapusa and confiscated the skin of black buck from Manmantu Hirakanni Rajput.Singh received information that a person residing in a rented house at Cunchelim in Mapusa possessed the skin of a black buck and was interested in selling it. A volunteer was sent to purchase the skin from Hirakanni and while the deal was being struck, Singh and the forest department officials from Panaji swooped down and arrested the accused.\"The accused informed that he brought the skin from Karnataka. It is the skin of an adult female black buck. There are some people residing in various parts of Goa who are involved in the trade of meat, skin, teeth, antlers of wild animals and it is necessary to take stringent action against them,\" said Singh. The sub-divisional forest officer of Mapusa, Anil Shetgaonkar, said, \"The accused will be produced at the judicial magistrate first class court at Mapusa for a 14-days remand.\" Antelope cerricapra is a schedule 1 animal under Wildlife Protection Act 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352199", "title": "Karthika, Piaa back together", "text": "The two actresses will be working again in a political thriller...Here's news on the two Ko girls. Karthika and Piaa, who played ambitious journalists in K V Anand's political thriller Ko, are back again to share screenspace for another film. And this time around, the two will be seen playing 'volatile characters' in the remake of S A Chandrashekar's Sattam Oru Iruttarai.Confirming the news, a source close to SAC, who will be overseeing this venture, says, \" Vikram Prabhu, who is currently working on Prabhu Solomon's Kumki, will play the lead in the film.\"The source adds, \"While Karthika has been roped in for the role of the female lead, Piaa has an extremely powerful character. The film will be directed by debutante Sneha, a visual communication graduate from the city.\"We had earlier reported that Karthika had met SAC at his office a few weeks earlier for a look test. While nothing had been finalized then, looks like Karthika has finally been roped in for the project.Piaa, on her part, maintains, \"Yes, I was approached for the film and we're in talks. But I'm yet to sign the film. I'd rather let the producers make the official announcement first.\"The original Sattam Oru Iruttarai was directed by S A Chandrashekar and turned its hero, Vijayakanth, into a mass star overnight. The film also went on to become a huge success in the 80s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12350910", "title": "Guwahati artist to perform at Oxford literary festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted classical danseuse and ethno-musicologist Menaka PP Bora has been selected by Oxford University to deliver a lecture and perform at the annual 'Sunday Times Oxford Literary Festival' on March 25.Speakers from different parts of the world have been selected to take part in the festival to discuss the different literatures and cultures of the world.Menaka's lecture and performance will be based on her academic research on rare Sanskrit manuscripts, including a rare 16th century version of 'Srihastamuktavali' text on hand gestures from the Oriental Collections of Bodleian Library, Oxford University. Her research paper, \"Srihastamuktavali and Dance: A contemporary study of a 16th century Sanskrit manuscript on gestures\" will be published by 'The Bodleian Library Record', a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350311", "title": "MMRDA seeks Cidco land to fund trans-harbour link", "text": "Mumbai: The MMRDA, which is implementing the trans-harbour project, has asked Cidco for a 10-hectare plot in Navi Mumbai.\"We want to develop the land commercially and use the money to fund the trans-harbour link,\" MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana said.The 22-km trans-harbour link between Sewri and Nhava in Navi Mumbai is estimated to cost over Rs 8,800 crore. Six international consortia are in the running for the plan, likely to be completed in five years.The link is being built on a private-public partnership basis with both the Centre and MMRDA contributing towards the viability-gap fund that will ensure that the private entity does not incur a loss.\"We have received the MMRDA request but no decision has been taken,\" said a senior Cidco official.Six international consortia are in the running for the project which is likely to be completed in five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12353299", "title": "Misprint in HSC papers gives full marks to students", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is some good news for HSC students. All students, who attempted questions of chemistry, physics-II and fisheries having printing errors, will get full marks.For physics-II, the misprint was worth almost 10% of the total marks. Debashis Bhowmick, vice-principal of Nuva College and a PhD in physics, said, \"Question number five was about finding the shortest wavelength for Paschen and Brackett series in hydrogen atom. However, instead of mentioning the symbol for angstrom, they printed a symbol which made no sense.\"Sanjay Charalwar, principal of Mohota Science College, said, \"The board has committed an error in printing and the usual practice is to give full marks to students who have either attempted the question or even written the question number in the paper.\"There were two such errors in the chemistry subject, with one mistake each in paper-I and II. SS Goyal, lecturer at VB Junior College said, \"In the first paper, there were numericals to be solved using Hess' Law but the data was wrong. They had printed H2O gas whereas H2O liquid should have been mentioned. The board has decided to give full four marks to anyone who attempted the question.\"Chemistry paper had same mistake as text bookAbhishek ChoudhariNagpur: The second chemistry paper of HSC examinations had a bigger mistake, due to incorrect data printed in the HSC text book itself, said SS Goyal, lecturer at VB Junior College . \"In the text book, the action of HI on isopropyl methyl ether is mentioned as methyl iodide, while the correct answer is isopropyl iodide. The same question appeared in the paper and the board has decided to give full marks to students who choose either of the two options in the MCQ,\" he said.Mistakes were also spotted in fisheries paper, an optional subject in the science stream. Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi) said, \"Spelling mistakes were galore in the fisheries paper, thus inconvenience to students. It is surprising that a question paper is set at the state level with so many people involved, and errors slip through so many levels of verification.\"Rasesh Patel, an HSC student, said, \"Whenever there is an error in the question paper we ourselves get confused if we are wrong. Precious minutes are wasted trying to find our mistake, whereas the fault lies in the question.\"His friend Hemul Joshi said, \"The board gives bonus marks only if we attempt the question, but if we did not understand it in the first place then we won't attempt it either. Board should give bonus marks to everyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12353457", "title": "Online filing of FIR soon: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2013, an FIR can be filed at the click of a mouse. \"Online registration of First Information Report will be possible\" once server and network is established by the year end or early next year, home minister P Chidambaram told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.Answering questions on police reforms, he said the Centre was against selection of DGP of a state by Union Pubic Service Commission as has been directed by the Supreme Court in 2006. The selection, he said, should be left to the states from among 3-4 senior officers. Centre and state are on the same page on this issue.The Centre is also against giving a two-year fixed tenure to a DGP irrespective of retirement age as cadre management would become very difficult, he said. States too have expressed difficulty in following the direction, he said.The Supreme Court had also directed constitution of a State Security Commission, separating investigating police from law and order police, setting up of Police Establishment Board at state level to decide transfers, postings and promotions of officers, and having Police Complaints Authorities at state and district levels to go into complaints against police officers, he said.The home ministry has also filed an application for modifications in the judgement on certain aspects like direction stipulating a minimum 2-year tenure for DGP, he said hoping the apex court will strike a balance.\"As far as states are concerned, I doubt if their is a consensus in this House or the other House for implementation of police reforms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12351033", "title": "Army veterinarians treat injured elephant", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army veterinarians at Misamari in Assam were taken by surprise when they got a new 4,000-kg patient recently. Used to treating mules, dogs and horses belonging to the Army and the occasional domestic animal brought in by locals, they were slightly taken aback when forest department officials turned up with gravely injured adult male elephant.Taking the change in job profile in their stride, the vets under Col Nawaz Shariff, commandant of the No 2 Advance Field Veterinary Hospital (2AFVH), put their head down and got to work to a six-inch glass shard embedded in one of the pachyderm's feet, puncturing its sole. An elephant's sole is the most sensitive part of its body as they are used as sense organs.\"It was one of the most challenging of all surgeries that we have attempted,\" Col Shariff said on his team's efforts to anaesthetize the elephant. \"It was a wild animal suffering from considerable pain. We underwent considerable risk during the procedure to anaesthetize it. During the entire process, the elephant had to be 'watered' to keep him cool,\" the commandant said.Owing to their size, elephants can't be kept unconscious for long periods. If kept under anesthesia for more than 40 minutes, the animals may be crippled. As it lies down on its side, essential fluids get accumulated on one side of the body. So the vets worked fast and removed the shard from the elephant's sole.\"He made a quick recovery and was returned to the forest. Though this was the first time we handled such a large animal, this hospital has had its share of patients from the wild. We have treated a bear cub who was critically injured after it strayed into a village and was pelted by stones. We had to put the cub through an advanced ultrasonography to diagnose the problem and treat it. We also had an orphan elephant calf who had separated from its herd and was suffering from hypoyolemic shock brought about by dehydration. After treatment, it was released in the Kaziranga Wildlife Sanctuary,\" Col Shariff added.The 2AFVH was set up on November 9, 1962, and will celebrate its golden jubilee later this year. On an average, it treats nearly 650 animals belonging to the armed forces and locals. Its role is crucial for the steady movement of mule trains to inaccessible regions along the Line of Actual Control with China. The hospital caters to animals under the Army's 3 and 4 Corps as well as those belonging to the CRPF, SSB and IAF.The vets at the hospital are held in high esteem by locals as their animals get the best of treatment there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12341845", "title": "Shahid opts out of Karan Johar's next film!", "text": "According to sources Shahid Kapoor has opted out of Punit Malhotra's forthcoming film produced by Karan Johar.Actor Shahid Kapoor has become very choosy of late, and that's the reason he isn't as prolific an actor as he used to be. The actor was all set to do Punit Malhotra's next film produced by Karan Johar but has opted out of it for some reason.According to an industry source the actor was always in two minds about doing Punit's second film, a romantic comedy. Apart from that Shahid wanted to involve himself at the script level. He even suggested a few changes in the script and later went on giving his inputs for the casting of the film.Meanwhile, director Punit who wasn't happy with Shahid's extra involvement discussed the same with producer Karan Johar. KJo wasn't in favor of altering the script and wished that they go ahead with the original. When things didn't go according to Shahid, the actor decided to opt out.However, Shahid has managed to bag another movie - Maneesh Sharma's next to be produced by Yash Raj Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349221", "title": "Bihar on a roll: Solar irrigation to quench farmlands soon", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday decided to start Bihar Solar Revolution Irrigation Plan as a pilot project in five districts. A sum of Rs 560 crore was sanctioned by the cabinet for the purpose.In yet another important decision, the cabinet gave approval to a proposal to start \"CM education loan for disabled\" and \"CM self-employment loan schemes for disabled\" and sanctioned Rs 4.80 crore for it. A sum of Rs 21.8 crore was also sanctioned by the state cabinet for construction of Babu Jagjivan Ram Hostel buildings in eight districts.Rs. 88.31 crore was sanctioned for \"CM Mahadalit Radio Yojana\". A proposal for the transfer of 42 acres of land for expansion of the administrative building of Bipard at Gaya was approved. Cabinet also gave nod to a proposal to build 3,790 kitchen-cum-store room under the Integrated Child Development Programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350092", "title": "Mulund SSC pupils left in lurch over extra supplements", "text": "Mumbai: For a set of SSC students in Mulund, appearing for the Geometry examination on Monday turned into a nightmare. Several students at Gyan Sarita High School complained that when they asked for extra supplements, it took the school authorities over 20 minutes to provide the students with the same.\"The new paper pattern for Geometry leaves all the five-mark questions for the end and students were really hassled that their supervisor could not provide extra supplements on time,\" said Smita Padte, mother of one of the students appearing for his paper at the school. Once the students got the supplements, they asked the supervisor if they'll be given extra time to complete the paper, and were immediately assured that they would get more time. \"But the moment the bell rang, a senior examiner came to all the classes and immediately started snatching the answer sheets from us. She said the school is not allowed to decide if we can get extra time,\" said a student who was appearing for his exams from the centre.Parents are concerned that the students might face similar problems during the remaining three papers. \"What if something similar happens with the next three papers too,\" asked the mother of another SSC candidate.Some parents also claimed that vernacular medium students who were appearing for their papers at the centre were suddenly asked to move to a new centre after the first two papers.State board officials told TOI that no such complaint has been registered with them. \"We haven't received complaints from students but if there is any problem, then we will look into it. There's a very small chance that a centre would run out of supplements because every centre is provided with ample answer sheets. Students can go for their papers tension free,\" said Ravindra Bhise, divisional board secretary.Despite repeated attempts, school authorities could not be contacted for comments.Students at the Mulund school were not even provided extra time to complete their Geometry papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348193", "title": "Now, disc replacement available for neck too!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After knee and joint replacements, cervical disc replacement for the neck too is becoming a commonplace treatment for people suffering acute neck pain due to disc prolapse, or nerve compression due to herniation of the disc.Leading spine surgeons Dr Bharat Dave and Ajay Krishnan at Sterling Hospital said that earlier cervical fusion surgery was performed where the damaged or prolapsed disc was removed and a bone graft taken from the hip area was placed there. This would fuse the space between the two vertebrae and help in resolving pain complaint. However, the procedure would compromise mobility of the neck.The cervical disc replacement surgery has come as a boon as it allows patients to move the neck freely up and down and sideways. \"The metal-on-metal disc is placed at the site of the disc which is removed. Since the disc acts as a cushion between two vertebrae, this surgery does not compromise the movement of the neck,\" Dr Dave said.Jayesh Shah, a senior bank official, got his cervical disc replaced recently after a prolapsed disc left his arms virtually paralyzed. He also suffered from major balance issues and weakness in the legs. After cervical disc replacement, he is back at his job which involves constant computer work. But Shah now makes it a point to take regular breaks.Dr Ajay Krishnan said that neck pain due to cervical spondylosis , or disc prolapse, is now becoming commonplace due to poor lifestyle. \"Neck pain is commonplace especially among white collar professionals who spend over eight to ten hours in front of the computer,\" he said.\"Every professional should take a break from work every two hours to avoid putting pressure on their spine,\" Dr Krishnan advises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12348566", "title": "2 pilgrims die in mishap near Bhuj", "text": "RAJKOT: Two women pilgrims were killed and seven others injured when two cars collided head-on near Ratnal village on Anjar-Bhuj Road on Tuesday morning.The victims were among a group of pilgrims on their way to Hajipir in Kutch district. The 62-member group left Jamnagar for Hajipir on March 13. Police said the accident occurred when the cars collided near Ratnal and padyatris were hit by this mishap.The deceased have been identified as Zarina Sheikh (50) and Badruben Kureshi (55) of Jamnagar. Both of them died on the spot. Seven other pilgrims, who were injured, were taken to nearby hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350079", "title": "Vidarbha Taxpayers Association appeals for withdrawal of octroi", "text": "NAGPUR: After city traders, a new group taking up taxpayers' issues, Vidarbha Taxpayers Association, has appealed to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister and finance minister Ajit Pawar to end octroi by giving appropriate funding to municipal corporations from the state government exchequer.The issue of abolishing octroi has been a long pending demand of taxpayers, industries, traders and transporters from every corner of the state.In its memorandum, VTA pointed out that Maharashtra is now the only state with octroi in place. Under pressure for JNNURM funds, the state has abolished octroi from 15 of 22 corporations, but Nagpur, Pune, Pimpri, Nashik, Thane and Mumbai are still funded by octroi.Despite suggestions by various committees to abolish octroi, the state government has not done so. Even in 2002, Kelkar Committee reiterated that with introduction of Value Added Tax (VAT) there should be unification of indirect taxes into a single tax. Likewise, in 2006 the Subodh Kumar Committee on octroi recommended that the system of octroi should be abolished but it is still in practice.The association has also pointed out that none of the 125 countries where VAT/GST is in place levy octroi, so it should be withdrawn by granting funds to municipal corporations from state government's exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349097", "title": "Bangalore topper in paying bribes", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangaloreans paid a whopping Rs 11.35 crore as bribe on 4,339 occasions. The city topped in paying kickbacks that ranged across 28 departments. A major chunk of money went for 'managing' parking violations. \"A sum of Rs 378 is the average bribe paid by a Bangalorean to evade an illegal parking ticket compared to Delhiites who paid Rs 350. The figures for other cities: Mumbai: Rs 320; Pune: Rs 277; Hyderabad: Rs 250 and Chennai: Rs 214,\" says the survey conducted by ipaidabribe.com across six cities - Bangalore, Pune, Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai and Hyderabad.After Bangalore, it was Delhi, then Mumbai, Hyderabad and Pune when it came to paying bribe.The assessment based on protests registered by people on the site from August 2010 till date said Delhi paid Rs 4.84 crore as bribe last year, while Mumbai paidRs 4.54 crore. Hyderabad and Pune have reportedly paid Rs. 2.71 crore and Rs. 1.76 crore as bribe, said the survey.In another traffic-related offence - jumping signals - Delhi beat Bangalore with the average bribe amount for the former standing at Rs 333 compared to Rs 318 for Bangalore.Bangaloerans paid the maximum bribe to the police with 1,487 people bribing the cops. Then came the sub-registrar's office followed by municipal services and motor vehicles department with 1105, 500 and 415 people paying them bribe respectively.Even 'God' was not spared, with 3 people saying that they paid bribe to God!\"I have paid Rs 700 for my marriage registration in Rajajinagar Marriage Registration Office. I really feel bad, but I am sorry for the same. Please excuse me...\" reads one of the posts put up by an anonymous person on the website.The website survey said that Bangaloreans, attempting to get their passport verified by greasing palms, can afford to carry a slimmer wallet than their counterparts in other cities.They appear to pay the least bribe to make things move in this direction. Delhiites spend an average of Rs 1,452 while Bangaloreans spend about Rs. 430. Hyderabadis pay Rs 836, Mumbaikars Rs 570, Chennaites Rs 508 and Puneites Rs 500.A resident from BTM II layout has posted: \"My sister required a verification for passport renewal. She went to the police station for the same and there were other 10-15 people sitting on the benches for the same.After made to wait for 1 hour, she was called in a room where the inspector made all of them write a declaration on paper and after that another person at BTM II Stage, 16th Main police station called all of them one by one to a room and demanded 400/- and threatened that if not paid, the verification would be rejected. They all had to pay. I guess this is a daily story.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12349066", "title": "Trauma centre remains non-fuctional", "text": "PATNA: Bihar's lone trauma centre located in Bikram block of Patna district is still nonfunctional. Health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey said out of the total six trauma centres in the country, one was set up in Bihar during the tenure of former PM Atal Bihari Vajapyee in 2002.Replying to a question of Balmiki Singh (local bodies) in the state legislative council on Tuesday, the health minister said the trauma centre was one of the dream projects of the Centre and that it was set up at an estimated cost of Rs 11 crore. He said the equipment in the trauma centre are of high quality and that the government was unable to utilize them due to the absence of trained doctors.The minister admitted that the government has not sanctioned any post for specialized doctors. This centre is currently maintained by the local primary health centre. He also said the government is in the process of sanctioning posts of specialists to run it smoothly. Cutting across party lines, members said that the trauma centre was intended to provide care to patients in accordance with international standards.Besides, it was also supposed to have a full range of specialists (surgical and non-surgical) and hi-tech equipment. The trauma centre was supposed to offer round-the-clock service. This centre was designed to admit a large number of severely injured patients. Ram Kishore Singh of BJP said the trauma centre remained non-operational for over a decade. Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) said it should be attached to the Patna Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12351008", "title": "Education minister gives Rs 3 lakh each to private madrassas", "text": "GUWAHATI: To upgrade the khariji (private) madrassas in different parts of the Assam , state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma distributed Rs 3 lakh each to 640 different khariji (private) madrassas at a ceremonial distribution ceremony held at the Guwahati Municipal Corporation ( GMC) auditorium on Tuesday.The state government will provide financial assistance to around 700 khariji madrassas in the state under chief minister's special scheme.Each madrassas are supposed to get 5 lakhs in total, out of which, Rs 3 lakhs each has already been distributed to about 21 madrassas in six districts, Jorhat, Karbi Anglong, Morigaon, Kamrup, Sonitpur and Darrang.Himanta said, \"Education has been given the highest priority in every religion, but mere religious education is not enough. Besides this, the students have to keep up with the changing times. If we can introduce vocational courses in madrassas, it would really benefit the students.\"He added, \"This is the first time that the khariji (private) madrassas are being provided government assistance. It is sad to know that most of the private madrassas are running purely on charity money. The government has formed a core committee to upgrade these madrassas.\"Forest minister Rockybul Hussain, who was also present, said, \"It is important to introduce modern subjects like English and Computer Science in the madrassas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349579", "title": "Tagorenama comes to Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City will witness a two-day cultural bonanza 'Tagorenama' that is being organized from March 22- 23 at the Muktaakash Manch in Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK). The entry to the event will be free and the show will commence at 7.30 pm. The event is being organized by the Department of Tourism.\"The productions will bring different strands of Tagore's personality and work together. Artists from different forms and parts of India and the world will come together to take a fresh look at his work,\" Mallika Sarabhai said. On March 22, a performance 'With Love' will be staged where Sarabhai and Australian director Steve Mayer-Miller will create Tagore as he paints, ponders and battles personal demons. It will feature Tom Alter and Revanta Sarabhai as Tagore and Mallika as Victoria Ocampo.On March 23, 'Ritu Chakra' and 'Street of Voices' will be staged.In 'Ritu Chakra' Australian dancer/choreographer Liz Lea, Revanta and Anahita Sarabhai will dance to Tagore's cycle of seasons, which will be reinterpreted in contemporary fashion by composers Shashank Acharya and Sandeep Pillai. The performance will be by Mallika Sarabhai and the Darpana Performing Group.This will be followed by 'Street of Voices' on the same day. This production by Scottish puppetry theatre, Symon Macintyre, will depict short stories of Tagore using puppets, dancers, actors, film and the real stories of today's Indian women. The music will be by Sandeep Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12348935", "title": "Jail inmates go the yoga way", "text": "MYSORE: The healing power of yoga even tempted the west to look towards the east to stay fit both physically and mentally. Beguiled by the magical power of the ancient science, the Mysore central prison (MCP) authorities are contemplating setting up a yoga mandira for jail inmates. The government has given green signal to build yoga mandira, which will come up on the lines of the meditation hall at Vivekananda rock in Kanyakumari, MCP chief superintendent P N Jayasimha told TOI. Approval has been given to build yoga mandira and a study centre at a cost of Rs 24 lakh. The study centre will help inmates pursue graduation and post graduation from Karnataka State Open University, he said.Good responseOver two dozen inmates are attending the one-month yoga training commenced on the jail premises from Monday. Prison authorities in association with JSS Ayurveda Medical College have organized the programme every day from 7am to 8am to help people, particularly individuals suffering from diabetes , hypertension, back pain and other ailments, stay fit. MCP has been conducting yoga training once in a year since 2011.On Tuesday morning, when TOI visited room number 19 in MCP inmates were busy practicing different asanas. After practicing yoga for two days Devaiaha, 42, a convict feels that his stress level has come down. According to him, for the past six years he has been in the prison and had lost peace of mind as most of the time he will be thinking about his family members and past wrongdoings.\"I am sure this will help me attain peace and reform myself. It will be a relief for my sleeplessness,\" he said.Sixty-year-old Puttana, another convict, who was earlier working with a bank, says this is a golden opportunity for inmates to get the maximum benefit of yoga. \"Foreigners have been flocking to the city and spending lots of money to learn yoga. Here it is free. I have been practising yoga for the past one year,\" Puttana, who also teaches meditation and yoga to other inmates, said.JSS Ayurveda Medical College yoga therapist Rohithaksha, who gives training to inmates, says most of them face both mental and physical problems. Inmates ask suggestions to cure joint pain, knee pain, acidity and depression through yoga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349172", "title": "DV Sadananda Gowda here to stay for at least 3 months", "text": "BANGALORE: Any change in the state and BJP leadership appears unlikely as BS Yeddyurappa's climbdown clearly indicates that the DV Sadananda Gowda government is here to stay till its budget gets legislative approval three months from now.Sources in the rival camp attributed the turnaround to a stern message from the party high command to the rebel leader that his anti-party activities might invite drastic action. Yeddyurappa, though, told his followers that the moment was also not apt for them to put pressure on the leadership, which is preoccupied with developments over biennial elections to the Rajya Sabha.Yeddyurappa's loyalists are believed to have told him that with a festival and weekend round the corner, they should not stretch the issue further and return home at the earliest. Some of them told TOI they had become homesick and complained against the high command.\"Gowda will present the budget tomorrow. We will all return to the session. We all respect the budget,\" Basavaraj Bommai, the spokesperson for the rebels, announced to reporters.Bommai said BJP president Nitin Gadkari and senior leader Arun Jaitley spoke to Yeddyurappa and assured him that efforts would be made to resolve the Karnataka crisis as soon as possible. This prompted them to end the boycott. He claimed the BJP core committee will meet in Delhi on Wednesday.Earlier in the day, Yeddyurappa is said to have proposed that 40 MLAs resign an hour before the budget presentation to trigger a crisis. By evening, the plan was given a silent burial with the leader himself telling his supporters that no one should quit.The CM, who had ruled out mollifying the disgruntled legislators, said the party had authorized him to present the budget. \"The crisis will hopefully end with this,\" Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349475", "title": "Held for plot to kill Modi, man gets bail to prove innocence", "text": "NEW DELHI: High drama was witnesses in a trial court on Tuesday when a man arrested on charges of being a Pakistani spy here to kill Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , said he was being framed by police and asked the court to give him a chance to prove his innocence.Appearing before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, the accused Imran and his wife, who have been in jail for the past four months, asked court's permission to tell their side of the story. Imran alleged he was just a businessman and that cops had falsely implicated him just because he had lived in Pakistan for the past 25 years despite being an Indian citizen.He said he had applied to the central government through Gujarat government for permanently settling in India and surrendering his Pakistani identity documents. He said when he came to India to complete the legal process, he was arrested and falsely implicated. He also alleged that all the copies of his documents, which would prove his innocence, were handed over to the IO during investigations, but they were withheld by the IO for the reasons \"best known to him\".After hearing his story for almost 45 minutes about the alleged torture meted out to him by police, the court gave Imran a chance to prove his innocence . He was granted interim bail for two weeks to go to Gujarat and get documents to support his claims that he was just an innocent businessman.\"Considering the fact that accused and his wife could be victims of circumstances, this court cannot close its eyes to their plight ... particularly when there may exist documents that could show his innocence ,\" the judge said while asking Imran to furnish a bond of Rs 20,000.Imran and his wife were arrested by police in December 2011. Police said the couple had come to India with a motive to kill Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi. The officials of the special cell of Delhi Police had said that Imran and his wife were jihadis from Karachi, Pakistan, and had been sent to India on a mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12349463", "title": "State-of-art fitness centre for hostellers", "text": "JAIPUR: Health conscious girls living in Rajasthan University hostels are upbeat about the University Grants Commission ( UGC) funded state-of-art aerobics-cum-fitness centre that will be functional from the coming session.The under-construction centre is coming up inside the compound which houses all the six women hostels, thus giving the residents an easy access to the centre. The building is divided into two sections, one for aerobics and the other for gym of sizes 24x26'9 feet each.Besides this, the centre will also have a canteen selling only wholesome food and drinks at subsidized rates.The university sports department is supervising the project. They have finalized the list of equipment required for the centre.\"The overall cost for equipment is estimated to be around Rs 25 lakh,\" said Bhupendra Singh Rathore, head of sports department. The department has ordered 6 treadmills, cable crossover, chest expansion machine, stationary bicycle, stepper, skipping rope and other equipment. The sports department would also recruit full-time women trainers of national repute to teach aerobics.The aerobics centre will have mirrors all around with inbuilt music system. The walls will be echo-free so that the sound will not bounce back. Till now very few occupants of the hostels go to gyms as many of them are far away from the university.This centre will cater to around 1,500 girls living in the hostels. Non-hostellers are not allowed to use the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12349461", "title": "China mum on fears of Nuclear terrorism in Pakistan", "text": "BEIJING: China is unlikely to defend Pakistan if questions are raised at the forthcoming Nuclear Security Summit about Islamabad's ability to safeguard its nuclear installations from theft or attack by terrorists.The summit, to be held in Seoul, South Korea, on March 26-27 , will be attended by leaders of 53 countries including Indian PM Manmohan Singh and Chinese president Hu Jintao .Chinese foreign ministry said Beijing was confident about the safety standards at the China-built Chashma nuclear power plant in Pakistan, but skirted questions on how it would respond to fears about theft of nuclear material by terrorists.Chinese foreign minister Ma Zhaoxu said there was serious threat of terrorists acquiring and misusing nuclear material. Although there has been no nuclear incident involving a terrorist organization, it's necessary to create safeguards against such a possibility , said Ma. He refused to discuss the terrorist situation in Pakistan in the context of nuclear security, the theme of the Seoul summit.China's concern was evident when Ma quoted figures provided by the International Nuclear Energy Agency about 2,100 cases of theft of nuclear material since 1993.Singh and Hu will meet again when HU visits New Delhi for BRICS meeting on March 28. China's response to the issue of terrorists' threat to nuclear security will weigh heavily during the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347751", "title": "Decision to sack me was pre-meditated: Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former rail minister Dinesh Trivedi on Tuesday said the decision to sack him was pre-pre-meditated, and had nothing to do with the fare hike.In an exclusive interview to Times Now, Trivedi said Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee was aware of the decision even before he presented his Budget, suggesting that the West Bengal CM used the fare hike as an alibi to execute a decision that she would have enforced in any case.The claim ties with the assessment that Banerjee was suspicious of Trivedi's intent as she felt that the he has moved too close to Congress. \"I did not want to embarrass the government. So, I decided to quit,\" he said, adding that the PM would have never sacked me.Trivedi also justified the decision to hike the fares.\"I presented the Budget keeping in mind the masses. When a railway minister prepares a Budget, it shouldn't be party or region-oriented. I thought of the nation,\" he said.Trivedi was forced out as the railway minister by his own party Trinamool Congress after he incurred Banerjee's wrath since she was opposed to his proposal to increase fares in the rail Budget.Trivedi, who resigned on Sunday, had, however, been lauded by the PM, Cabinet colleagues and industry for his bold Budget, in which he announced an increase in train passenger fares for the first time in nine years.Rail BudgetUnion Budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12348043", "title": "People to send Akhilesh online petitions for clean Ganga", "text": "Varanasi: The locals and Ganga activists will send online petitions to UP chief minister asking him to take necessary steps for 'clean Ganga'. On the occasion of World Water Day 2012 (March 22), the Sankat Mochan Foundation (SMF), an organisation working for the cause of Ganga for about three decades, will launch a new online campaign -'STOP the Sewage: Clean Ganga NOW'.Veer Bhadra Mishra, SMF president and mahanth of Sankat Mochan Temple, said, \"New CM Akhilesh Yadav has generated hope with his mantra 'umeed ki cycle'. He has said that he wants to listen to the people. Let us see if he listens to the first demand from his public loud and clear on the World Water Day.\"Mishra has also sent his resignation from the membership of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) in support of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist G D Agrawal), who has been on a fast-unto-death for Ganga for the last 12 days.He said, \"Varanasi, one of the most popular yet polluted cities on the Ganga banks is in UP where Akhilesh Yadav has won a massive majority. He can coordinate with the Central government and begin work to clean the river.\" The campaign seeks to use online networking tools to begin building a mass movement of people in support of the 'clean Ganga' mission and to petition the Central and state governments.He said the campaign would be launched formally at a special event at Tulsi Ghat on the eve of World Water Day on Wednesday in presence of Justice Markandey Katju, the chairperson of Press Council of India (PCI).\"My dream is to see Ganga clean in Varanasi in my lifetime,\" said Mishra, who is the founder of 'Clean Ganges Campaign'. To mark the World Water Day, the SMF would form a human chain, an event organised by the foundation annually on March 22.The human chain will extend along the religious bathing areas of Varanasi from Asi Ghat to Adikeshav Ghat. People are invited to assemble at the riverfront between 7am and 8 am. Following the human chain, there will be a public meeting at Rajendra Prasad Ghat.On this World Water Day, the SMF would ask people to do three things for Ganga - attend the World Water Day human chain, sign the 'Sewage Roko, Clean Ganga NOW Petition' on http://cleanganganow.org (and ask their friends to sign it as well), and stop personal actions that pollute Ganga such as throwing waste stuff in to it and ask others to do the same.Mishra said, \"Ganga is our mother. It is very disturbing to see sewage being thrown into the holy river. Every day, 8,250 million litres of sewage flows into the Ganga and its tributaries, and only a fraction of it is treated.Despite government commitments to clean the river in the Ganga Action Plan, Mission Clean Ganga and the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), sewage continues to pollute the national river. Dozens of sewage treatment plants have been constructed, but the pollution in the Ganga has only increased.\"According to him, the government has already spent over Rs 3,000 crore in over 20 years in implementing ineffective systems. Thousands of people have contracted diseases from the polluted water. \"We cannot let poor planning destroy our river on which millions of lives depend,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349941", "title": "BJP gets control of Corporation of the City of Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: BJP on Tuesday wrested control of the Corporation of the City of Panaji ( CCP) when its nominee Vaidehi Naik was elected the mayor of Panaji.Former mayor Tony Rodrigues, who broke away from St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's panel and aligned himself with the BJP, was elected deputy mayor. Both won by a margin of one vote. Another former mayor Carolina Po was absent.Monserrate who was present during the election said Rodrigues and Po, who won as members of his panel, should resign as councillors and get re-elected on their own strength.In related developments, civic panels in the towns of Mapusa, Ponda and Quepem also witnessed a change in their chairpersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "12348584", "title": "School faces derecognition", "text": "KHAMMAM: Heart-wrenching scenes were witnessed at Peddavagu near Tungaram village in Khammam district on Tuesday evening. School bags, tiffin boxes and water bottles lay scattered on the banks of the stream where eight students died when the school bus in which they were travelling ploughed through the railing of the bridge and plunged into the waters.While some parents were too shocked to take away the bodies of their children others were found looking frantically for their loved ones hoping that they were rescued by local shepherds and commuters.Seeing Ragaboyina Soujanya's body, her parents collapsed in a heap, while the mother of Budide Santosh, who lay lifeless on the road near the stream, ran hysterically.A parent whose son was rescued thanked god and said, \"The children were coming back home when the bus cleaner took them on a death ride. The authorities should file a criminal case against the school management,\" he said.The mishap took place when the bus veered off the road and fell into the stream. Eight students died and seven others suffered serious injuries. As many as 45 students were travelling in the bus at the time of the accident.The entire area was crowded with people from nearby villages and locals and police had a tough time controlling them.Traffic came to a standstill on the bridge for several hours as onlookers refused to move away even as rescue efforts were in full swing till late in the evening. Officials of the school were conspicuous by their absence at the accident spot.Meanwhile, school education minister Pardha Saradhi ordered a departmental inquiry into the mishap. He said LV Reddy School would be derecognized if the negligence on the part of the school management was proved.He also said the erring officials would not be spared. He said the guidelines needed to be tightened for issuing fitness certificates to school buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12348534", "title": "Pile of pending bills halts all works at QQSUDA", "text": "HYDERABAD: The forever-in-the-red civic body, the Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA), has once again plunged into crisis. This time over pending bills worth Rs 9 crore to be paid to contractors for works completed. Already struggling to clear a mountain of bills to contractors, the authority has now stopped sanctioning new works.While the staff have been sitting without any work, contractors have been making rounds for bills. If the state government does not make any additional budget allocation, the urban development authority staff would have to take salaries without much work for this financial year.Apart from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;), QQSUDA also takes up civic infrastructure-related works like laying sewerage lines, cement concrete roads, construction of buildings and compound walls in the Old City areas. The urban authority's jurisdiction is about 64.5 sq km spread over 11 Assembly constituencies.Official sources said the QQSUDA has been pushed into the precarious situation as there was no increase in budgetary allocation and works taken up was worth more than the available funds.The state government has allocated Rs 19 crore to the urban authority for the 2012-13 fiscal against the requirement of Rs 101 crore. Of the budget allocation, Rs four crore would go towards payment of salaries to staff, maintenance and administrative expenditure. Of the balance Rs 15 crore, Rs nine crore have to be paid to contractors in four quarters. With the remaining amount, Rs five crore, the authority has to spend on maintenance works.During the last financial year (2011-12), the state government had given Rs 19 crore. After payment of salaries and administrative expenditure, over Rs 10 crore was paid to contractors to clear pending bills. The municipal administration and urban development authority (MA&UD;) had directed the QQSUDA not to take up and give sanctions to new works till old bills were cleared. It was in 2009, 319 works worth Rs 13.58 crore and another Rs 15 crore worth works were given sanctions in 2010-11. In addition to work worth Rs 28.58 crore, another Rs 30 crore worth works were sanctioned as part of the Old City package. Interestingly, budgetary allocations to the QQSUDA was only Rs 8.5 crore till 2010-11 and it was increased to Rs 19 crore in 2011-12 fiscal.\"The authority received Rs 26 crore from the state government under the Old City package in 2009 and 2010. Pending bills have piled up due to spillover works and some additional works were sanctioned expecting additional grant from the government,\" QQSUDA administrator R Kishore Babu said. He said the authority would give top priority for pending bills and clear them this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348890", "title": "6 DMs among 14 IAS officers shifted", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another administrative reshuffle, the government on Tuesday shifted 14 IAS officers, which include four principal secretary rank officers and six district magistrates. Shambhu Nath Shukla, commissioner, Kanpur has been made principal secretary, housing and urban planning department, while Majid Ali, who was principal secretary, transport department and chairman, UP State Roadways Transport Corporation ( UPSRTC) is now principal secretary, department of power. BS Bhullar, principal secretary, food and civil supplies moves to the transport department in the same capacity.Balvinder Kumar, who was awaiting posting, has been posted as principal secretary, food and civil supplies, while Ashish Kumar Goyal, managing director, UP State Roadways Transport Corporation has been kept in waiting. Alok Kumar-1, secretary, housing and urban planning and infrastructure and industrial development department has been made managing director of UP State Roadways Transport Corporation with additional charge of transport commissioner.Ritu Maheshwari, managing director, Kesco, Kanpur is now district magistrate of Pilibhit. She has replaced Kaushal Raj Sharma, who now goes as additional land settlement commissioner in board of revenue, Lucknow. AV Rajamauli, district magistrate, Budaun has been shifted to Pratapgarh in the same capacity. The transfer of Kamini Chauhan Ratan, district magistrate, Bulandshahr as district magistrate Pratapgarh has been cancelled and now she has been kept in waiting.Mayur Maheshwari, district magistrate, Ramabai Nagar is now district magistrate of Budaun, while Alok Kumar-3, district magistrate, Allahabad has been transferred to Sitapur in the same capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12348003", "title": "Youth found dead on tracks, one held", "text": "Howrah: A 23-year-old from Howrah was found dead on the rail tracks in Hooghly's Kamarkundu on Monday night.Abhijit Pal had left his Domjur house on Monday morning for the jewellery shop where he was employed as a salesman. When he failed to return at night, his family started a search. The youth's body was recovered by GRP in Kamarkundu late at night. There were several injury marks on the body. Police have arrested his neighbour Kartik Pal in connection with the incident.According to police, the two had a quarrel on Saturday night during a puja in Panchantala. Abhijt reportedly lost his cool and beat up Kartik after a heated exchange. The later allegedly swore to take revenge. On Tuesday, Abhjit's family filed an FIR against Kartik alleging that Kartik had a hand in Abhijit's death. He was arrested subsequently.In another incident, police recovered a hijacked truck from Hooghly's Gurap on Monday night with its load of iron and steel channels. It had gone missing on the way to Haldia from Howrah's Shalimar. The owner had lodged a complaint with Shibpur police on March 16. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347849", "title": "Sparks fly at DU academic council meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi University's academic council meeting got off to a stormy start with teachers' representatives condemning the governing body of Kirori Mal College and the university administration for the decision to initiate an inquiry into the conduct of principal Bhim Sen Singh on the attendance and semester issue on Tuesday. The zero hour of the meeting continued till 8.30pm before items on the agenda could be taken up for discussion.Academic council members questioned the DU administration as to why no action had been initiated against the principal of Daya Singh College (against whom an CVC inquiry is on) and why no action had been taken, despite serious charges, against the principal of Ram Lal Anand College .During the meet, the council passed a proposal to restructure the part-time MBA programmes of Faculty of Management Studies, which included changing course names and clearing a fee hike. The council also decided not to continue with Ramanujan's essay on 'Three Hundred Ramayana.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12350398", "title": "Deaf woman missing from Panvel shelter", "text": "Navi Mumbai: An inmate of a New Panvel shelter has gone missing last week. Urmila, the victim, was rescued in 2008 from Sanpada and taken to Social and Evangelical Association of Love (SEAL) shelter.\"Urmila has a hearing disability and finds it difficult to communicate properly,\" said pastor Biju Samuel of SEAL Ashram. A missing person's complaint has been registered at Panvel police station. Anyone with information about her can call on 9594969535 or 9819916486.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348737", "title": "Vegetable prices go up after Koyambedu closes down", "text": "CHENNAI: Vegetable prices in the city went up marginally on Tuesday after traders at the Koyambedu wholesale market struck work in protest against the alleged war crimes by the Sri Lankan government.In retail shops, tomato sold at Rs 32 a kg, while onions were sold at Rs 16 a kg, a rupee or two more than the normal rates. Prices of many other vegetables remained stable. Buyers were not affected much as retailers had taken the supplies on Monday, a day in advance.On Tuesday, more than 20,000 labourers participated in the protest called by traders. More than 3,000 shops downed shutters. Traders held a public meeting, where speakers lashed out at the Congress for not speaking out against Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa.Lorries coming from other states were diverted to other markets as they were unable to reach the city by Monday evening. A large fleet of trucks remained parked near the market as drivers and loaders participated in the protest. Politicians cutting across party lines attended the event to show their solidarity with the traders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12349159", "title": "Congress slams bickering BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Has the internal bickering in the ruling BJP created a constitutional crisis? The opposition Congress thinks so. Lashing out at Sadananda Gowda's government, opposition leader Siddaramaiah claimed the state has slipped into a constitutional crisis since the BJP no longer enjoys the confidence of the people.Raising the issue at the start of the budget session on Tuesday, Siddaramaiah said 60 legislators and a dozen ministers didn't attend the House. \"This confirms that the state has slipped into constitutional crisis and there is zero governance in the state. Gowda should resign as he no longer enjoys the support of his MLAs'', he addedIn all, 34 legislators besides the CM and 14 ministers attended the session. Of these, five legislators, including two ministers, are Yeddyurappa loyalists. Earlier, opposition leaders in both assembly and council raked up the issue of the BJP bickering and sought a discussion. They also took exception to speaker KG Bopaiah's decision to convene the assembly soon and do away with question hour on the first three days of the session. Bopaiah cited the rule book to convince opposition leaders about his powers to convene the assembly and said he'd give them an opportunity to speak out against the government on Wednesday before moving the condolence motion to pay tribute to former minister VS Acharya, who died of a heart attack on February 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12349023", "title": "Daily wage workers to stage protest", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka State Government Daily Wage Employees Federation, Hubli, has urged government to regularize the services of 17,000 daily wage employees, working in various departments of the government, appointed after July 1, 1984. Association president Dr K S Sharma said in a release that he has appealed to the government to pass a bill to this effect in the ongoing budget session. He said workers will organize a state-wide bundh on March 26 to pressurize the government to fulfill their demands.The executive committee of the federation which met on March 18 at Vishvashrama Chetana. in Hubli.under Dr.Sharma's presidentship, unanimously resolved to launch the one day agitation on March 26 at the state level to bring pressure on the government to fulfill their long pending demands. Delegates from various districts and talukas attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12349111", "title": "Police clueless on suicide attempt by ex-IPS officer's daughter", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police remained clueless over the reasons that forced the daughter of a former IPS officer to attempt suicide her residence at Vaishali Nagar here on Monday evening. The police have not registered a case.Apurva Singh, 32 daughter of late Sukhpal Singh, a retired IPS officer, was living alone here. Her two sisters are married and in settled in Dubai and New Delhi. The fact that she attempted suicide was known when she was taken to hospital after getting unwell. The doctors reportedly told the police that she had consumed poison .However, one of her sisters- who resides in Delhi - took Apurva with her this morning , the police said, adding that they have no idea about her condition and what goaded her to attempt suicide. The concerned Kamla Nagar police have denied registering any case in this regard.\"The woman was living alone and in depression. She hardly interacted with anyone,\" an official said.The fact that Apurva Singh attempted suicide was known when she was taken to hospital after getting unwell. The doctors reportedly told the police that she had consumed poison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12349819", "title": "CBI court allows Lalu to bring 15 witnesses", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court has permitted former chief minister of Bihar Lalu Prasad to produce 15 defence witnesses against his request of producing 78 witnesses. Special CBI judge P K Singh has permitted Prasad to produce the witnesses during the next one month.Earlier, the court had recorded the statement of Prasad along with other accused in the case (RC 20) related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 37 crore from the Chaibasa treasury in West Singhbhum district. Special CBI advocate BMP Singh said Prasad had submitted a list of 78 witnesses to be produced before the court.\"Instead, the court permitted him to produce only 15 witnesses for argument on the points he wants to elaborate or contradict the evidences and claims of the investigating agency,\" Singh said adding that the accused has the choice to produce any 15 people as defence witnesses.Sources in the CBI said Prasad had intentionally submitted a long list to prolong the trial of the case. \"There are 12 points on which he has to argue before the court which could be easily done by one person each. Instead, he wanted to produce 78 people and delay the trial,\" said a source adding that decision of the court to allow 15 witnesses would ensure speedy disposal of the case.The court has also allowed another accused and former chief minister of Bihar Jaggannath Mishra to produce six witnesses instead of 12. The CBI had lodged 53 cases in the Rs 900-crore fodder scam in mid 1990s. Prasad is accused in five cases including RC 20. The other main accused in the case are Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers Julius Beckand others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12348512", "title": "Pipili 'rape' victim critical", "text": "Cuttack: The health of the alleged gang rape victim form Pipili has turned critical and she has been on a ventilator since Monday night, after developing breathing problems.Doctors said the victim is suffering from pneumonia. \"The condition of the girl deteriorated on Monday night and she was unable to breathe. So, we have to put her on a ventilator support system,\" said Dr B.N Moharana, emergency officer of SCB Medical College and Hospital.The 19-year-old girl, who is in a semi-comatose state at the ICU of SCB Medical College and Hospital since January first week, is suffering from low blood pressure too. The team of doctor that has been closely monitoring the condition of the victim convened an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss her health condition. The team of doctors, comprising neurologist, cardiologist, medicine specialists and orthopaedics, discussed the further course of her treatment.\"We are administering a few antibiotics to improve the victim's health. But the patient is in a vegetative state and immune system of such patients becomes very weak. We hope she responds to medicines,\" said Dr Moharana. He said the doctors are trying their best to save the girl. Hospital authorities will also submit a detailed report on the condition of the victim in Orissa high court, which is monitoring her health on a regular basis. Meanwhile, a team of crime branch officials visited SCB and inquired about the victim's health.The girl was allegedly gang-raped in November last year for being a court witness in a molestation case. Four persons were arrested in this connection. But the crime branch, which recently filed a chargesheet in the matter in Pipili court, ruled out rape and said the girl was a victim of attempt to murder only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12350058", "title": "City's gardens, lakes need looking after", "text": "NAGPUR Municipal Corporation has failed to maintain city's actual treasures- gardens, lakes and playgrounds- by not realizing their importance quality of life. Citizens are now wondering whether the new set of corporators would be more sensitive towards need to maintain these.NMC has developed and maintains 68 gardens in the city including big ones like Ambazari. In fact, the city is lucky to have a nature's beauty at Ambazari.The garden is located beside a lake over a sprawling area. Big trees on the bank of lake add to the beauty of the place. But NMC negligence has reduced the garden as a hiding place for lovelorn couples.The playground, musical fountain, boundaries, greenery etc are in a shabby condition. Boating facilities in the lake have also been stopped a few years ago.NMC has proposed to renovate the garden several times, once even asserting it would be developed on the lines of Anand Sagar, Shegaon, but such plans have remained on paper. Just to gain some mileage during municipal elections, the past standing committee passed a proposal to invite expression of interest from private parties to develop it.The other gardens like Shivaji Nagar, Mangalwari garden etc too need attention. NMC had undertaken works to renovate these gardens since five-six years back but it is still incomplete. Some gardens like Dagdi park in Ramdaspeth are in good shape but most require maintenance. Gandhibagh garden, once among the most visited places of the city, too has lost its glory. Interestingly, it is maintained by an organization supported by newly elected chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari. The garden department is running short of staff as well as funds.The city is also lucky to have 10 lakes but these are shrinking each passing year. A few lakes like Pandhrabodi, Naik talav, Lendi talav etc have either disappeared or are on the verge of doing so. Despite have funds from the government, NMC had failed to undertake works at Gandhisagar and Sonegaon lakes on time.The proposals for other lakes are pending with the Government for long and require follow up.Playgrounds in city too require proper maintenance. Around eight playgrounds have been developed and left at their own mercy. Many are undeveloped and facing the threat of encroachment. The new mayor Anil Sole and Tiwari have assured to improve the condition of gardens and lakes. Vigilant corporators like Parinay Fuke and Dipak Patel have been got elected from the wards having Ambazari garden and Gandhisagar lake respectively. Much is expected from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12349708", "title": "Curchorem stage set for Kelekar's 'Tulsi'", "text": "Jnanpith award winner Ravindra Kelekar's novel 'Tulsi' has been adapted for stage and will be performed on Wednesday at the first All India Konkani Drama Festival at Ravindra Bhavan, Curchorem.Dilip Borkar, president, Goa Konkani Akademi, said, \"Five groups are participating in the festival. One each from Karwar, Mangalore and Malwan and two from Goa.\"'Tulsi' will be presented by Kalakul, a theatre group set up by Mangalore-based Konkani promoters Mandd Sobhann. It will be the nine-month-old group's third stage production.The 10-member group have previously staged 'Vallu, Jillu Zindabad', an adaptation of Jnanpith awardee Chandrashekhar Kambar's Kannada play 'Shamba-Shiva Prahasana', and 'Eksuri Bayl', an adaptation of Rabindranath Tagore's play 'Nashtt Need'.Eric Ozario, head of Mandd Sobhann, told TOI that 'Tulsi' was chosen when Kalakul was participating in Bahu Roopi. The latter is an all-India multilingual theatre festival of plays of Jnanpith awardees organized by Karnataka government's theatre centre at Mysore, Rangayana.\"We were asked to present a Konkani play. As Ravindra Kelekar is the only Jnanpith awardee in Konkani and as he has not written any full-length plays we decided to adapt his story 'Tulsi' into a play format,\" says Ozario.The trimming of the sails of the story to suit theatre audiences was not easy.\"Even though Arun Raj Rodrigues, who has adapted the play, has tried to retain the original dialect, the Mangalorean Christian dialect is very evident,\" says Ozario.He's nonetheless very proud of Kalakul, \"which was established to bring Konkani theatre on par, if not surpass, theatre in other languages\".\"Konkani theatre in Mangalore, when compared to Kannada and Marathi theatres and even Goa's Konkani nataks, was far behind. We realized, out of our own experience, that with part-time theatre one could not achieve the quality one was looking for. Thus Kalakul was born,\" explains Ozario.There were setbacks initially as it was an onerous job recruiting actors willing to do consistent theatre.\"We originally had a grand plan to establish Kalakul as a college where youngsters would pay fees and learn theatre along with a degree course. We found barely any takers,\" says Ozario.So Kalakul was established as a \"theatre garage\" where the focus is on practicals (only related theory is taught) and where the \"employee\" is paid. \"A few join for the attraction of the stipend and a few for the love of theatre,\" says Ozario.The group is guided by professional trainer Christopher D'Souza, a graduate of Ninasam (Heggodu in Karnataka).Most of Kalakul's members are aged between 18 and 24. \"They are either studying or working elsewhere, but come together Monday to Friday from 6pm to 8.30pm for play practice,\" says Ozario.He laments, \"The scope for a theatre artiste to become a commercial success in Mangalore is very limited. Theatre is therefore not a big attraction for actors.\"If things go as planned, the \"bright students\" of Kalakul will get the opportunity to present plays at places across India where there are Konkani speakers.'Tulsi' will be presented on March 21 at 7pm at Ravindra Bhavan, Curchorem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348847", "title": "Court notice to TCS on making, issuing passports", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Tuesday issued notice to Tata Consultancy Services on the challenge that it cannot be given the work of making and issuing passports to Indian citizens. The matter will come up for next hearing on March 23.The order came from a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixt on the petition filed by Kashi Prasad Yadav.The petitioner has challenged the Master Service Agreement entered into by the central government and the TCS on October 13, 2008. He has also challenged the Centre's notification of April 28, 2010, which laid down Passport Application (facilitation and processing) Rules, 2010 making way for Passport Seva project under public-private partnership. It was contended on the behalf of the petitioner that TCS is a private concern and therefore, it cannot be transferred sovereign functions of the government. Under Article 12 of the Constitution of India, the TCS does not fall within the ambit of 'state'. The central probe agencies do not have any investigating power on the matters of the TCS. Passport is a sensitive document and there is every possibility that the information of the citizens can be leaked and may even be hacked by terror groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347933", "title": "Rural development ministry takes panchayati raj department under its wing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rural development ministry will give 1% of its annual allocation for strengthening of panchayati raj bodies, in an extraordinary move at inter-ministerial cooperation since panchayati raj ministry has no allocation of its own to do anything worthwhile.The 1% of Rs 99,000 crore that RD ministry will get this year will put nearly Rs 1,000 crore in the kitty of panchayati raj ministry. It is akin to financing the ministry which gets only Rs 250 crore for its nationwide functions.The RD ministry's decision is dictated by the need to beef up technical and managerial capacity of panchayat bodies. Panchayats implement rural ministry's key welfare schemes but continue to be weak and without infrastructure and expertise for their effective execution.Though panchayats come under the states, RD ministry's initiative will help the Centre nudge states to work towards strengthening panchayati raj institutions' capabilities.Panchayati raj minister Kishore Chandra Deo called it a positive step. While the unusual cooperation between the two ministries highlights unheard of bonhomie, it also underlines the low allocation made to PR ministry. Sources said panchayat ministry has asked the Planning Commission for substantial allocations in the 12th five-year plan if it is to \"make meaningful interventions\" in strengthening panchayats.RD minister Jairam Ramesh met Planning Commission to get the issue cleared while plan panel member Mihir Shah has given a concept note on the parameters that should be used to devolve funds to states. Ramesh said panchayati raj ministry would determine the functions that this money should fund, like training and employing additional human resources.The renewed focus on panchayats, backed by financial aid, could nudge states to decentralize functions, an attempt that has remained stalled despite the longstanding policy to strengthen PRIs. Sources said the central allocation would be determined by \"funds, functions, functionaries\" transferred by state governments to panchayats and urban local bodies.A senior official said, \"It will incentivize devolution of powers to panchayats, stimulate work in that direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12348683", "title": "Preliminary hearing in Bidve murder case adjourned", "text": "LONDON: A preliminary hearing - which is the norm in this country prior to a trial - was adjourned to May 21 by the Manchester Crown Court in the prosecution of the alleged killer of an Indian post-graduate student, Anuj Bidve, on Boxing Day last year.The accused Kieran Stapleton, 20, who had earlier identified himself as \"Psycho\" Stapleton, appeared before the judge from prison via videolink on Tuesday.He did not plead guilty or not guilty - which will probably be entered at the next hearing - and was predictably remanded to continued custody.With several fellow Indian students, Bidve, who was reading micro-electronics at nearby Lancaster University, was walking along an otherwise desolate street in Manchester's suburb of Salford in the early hours of December 26, when he was allegedly confronted by Stapleton and shot on the head at point blank range. The latter was, reportedly, accompanied by another person. Bidve was declared dead a short time later in hospital.Bidve had come to Britain only in September from Pune. He was described as being \"promising and clever\" in respect of his studies. His untimely death sent shock waves through the Indian community in Britain. It also led to British authorities scrambling to reassure prospective students from India about the general safety of the United Kingdom and to stress that the Bidve episode was an isolated instance.There has been considerable speculation about the motive behind the heinous and mindless murder - from it being called a \"hate crime\" to the assassin allegedly trying to dubiously prove to gangland leaders that he had it in him to be accepted as a member of the underworld.It will not be surprising if Stapleton's defence argues that he suffers from a psychological illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350101", "title": "State to keep eye on pvt detectives", "text": "Mumbai: The state government may introduce guidelines to register detective agencies. Last week, a detective agency was found procuring confidential call data records of individuals and selling them in Bandra.At present, such agencies do not require any registration and can operate on the basis of a shop and establishment licence. Home minister R R Patil on Tuesday told the state assembly about the plan to rein in these agencies.Raising a calling attention motion over the Bandra episode, MNS member Mangesh Sangle sought to know the rules under which such private agencies are registered. He claimed the incident reflected that such agencies could pose a security threat if not regulated. Satej Patil, minister of state for home, replied that there was no specific law to register detective agencies. \"While the Centre has introduced a bill to regulate such activity in the parliament, it is yet to be approved,\" he added.MNS leader Bala Nandgoankar, Nitin Bhonsale (MNS) and Pankaja Munde Palve (BJP) then sought to know the nature of action being taken against the agency. Krishna Hegde (Congress) also demanded action against telecom companies, in the event their employees were found to have shared the data with the accused.While informing that six people had been arrested, Patil said action would be taken against the management of telecom companies if their officials are found to have participated in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12353708", "title": "Indian school student drowns in Oman", "text": "DUBAI: A pleasure trip for a group of students from an Indian school in Oman turned into nightmare as one of them died while another one is fighting for his life after being drowned.The victim, identified as Noor Mohammed a Class 12 student of Indian school in Muladha, went missing at the country's Sawadi beach and was later found by a search team of navy and police floating in sea.Noor hails from Tamil Nadu and his father runs a poultry farm in Barka. He has one elder brother and three sisters.\"Noor and Muneedh Sha, who had gone missing earlier, were found by a search team of navy and police. Though they were rescued, Noor died on his way to hospital,\" school management told Times of Oman newspaper.\"Muneedh a Class 11 student, who is from Goa, is under observation in a hospital in Wudam,\" the management added. Muneedh, hails from Goa.The students went to beach as it was a holiday for Class XI and Class XII students of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12349323", "title": "Ex-hubby kills woman for ties with his cousin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old businessman has been arrested for allegedly murdering his former wife. Deepak Gupta, a scrap dealer in northwest Delhi, allegedly took his former wife Manjari Gupta (30) to Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh and strangled her to death. He disfigured her face with a stone and dumped her body in a sugarcane field near a highway.Police have also arrested Gupta's associate, Sunil Kumar (38), who reportedly helped him commit the murder. Cops said it was a wellplanned murder, motivated by a sense of vengeance, as Gupta could not live with the fact that she had started life afresh and had got close to his cousin after divorce while he was living alone and bringing up their children.\"We had received information about the two accused having committed the murder. We began investigations and used local intelligence to gather clues about the suspects. We got a tip-off about their whereabouts in Ashok Nagar, east Delhi, and laid a trap. They were apprehended and during interrogation, they told us about their involvement in the murder. We have recovered the mobile phone and the SIM card used in the crime,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP, crime.Police said the couple's marital life was initially peaceful but they had begun to quarrel frequently after twothree years of the marriage. Gupta began to doubt his wife's integrity and began to physically and mentally abuse her frequently. It went on for years and finally they got divorced in May 2011. After the divorce, police said, Manjari began to live with her parents in Shahdara while Gupta continued to live in Ashok Nagar . He got the custody of their two sons, now 11 and seven years old, and continued to operate his business from Rohini but could not accept the fact that she was now close to his own cousin who had stood by Manjari when Gupta used to abuse her.A senior police officer said that in November 2011, Gupta confided in Kumar who instigated his vengeance and they hatched a plan to eliminate her. On November 29, on their anniversary day, he called Manjari to Japnese Park in Rohini and took her to Baghpat on his brother's car on pretext of visiting the temple they used to visit frequently. \"Sunil posed as the driver. On their way back, he stopped the car on the side of the highway and Gupta used his belt to strangle her while Sunil held her from behind. After killing her, Gupta smashed her face with a stone and dumped the body in a sugarcane field,\" said Joy Tirkey, additional DCP, crime branch.Gupta then returned to Delhi and began to live a normal life. A missing complaint was lodged by Manjari's family and cops initially treated it as a regular missing person case. The brutal incident came to light when her family got to know about Manjari's whereabouts on the fateful day. Crime branch ACP M C Katoch got a tip-off about the suspicious nature of Manjari's disappearance and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12348934", "title": "UPSIC orders available online now", "text": "LUCKNOW: The RTI applicants who make several rounds of the state information commission to obtain the copy of the orders pertaining to their RTI applications will heave a sigh of relief. The Uttar Pradesh State Information Commission (UPSIC) has finally started uploading its orders on the website. Applicants can log on to the commission's website (upsic.up.nic.in) and get the orders downloaded.The applicants can do it from their respective districts. Officials at the commission shared that orders are being uploaded on a daily basis, as soon as the copy of the judgment is made available to the online department.The commission is also planning to upload the orders passed in the past. \"But that will take sometime,\" said officials. The digitalisation of records at the commission was a long-pending move. There were growing complaints that applicants were being harassed by the staff of the commission when they sought the copy of the orders. The online data will cut down the complaints.The commission had got central funds to make its data available online, last financial year. In response to an RTI query, the department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), New Delhi, said it had allocated Rs 21 lakh to the commission for digitalisation.The commission had got funds, in the past as well, to make most of its functioning online. However, the commission could only upload the information about upcoming cases for hearing, in all these years, to inform the applicants.The UPSIC will enter its seventh year of functioning on March 22, 2012. And, it still does not have compiled data on number of orders passed by different information commissioners. The digitalisation of records can make it possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350158", "title": "No record of 8 thousand nazul plots!", "text": "NAGPUR: Can even land go missing? It can if it is government land. The district administration, that over the years neglected record keeping of government land in city, has discovered that it is unable to trace 8,000 of over 20,000 nazul plots situated in city. Collector Saurabh Rao has now undertaken a survey to trace the lands and record them.Rao told TOI the data about nazul lands was improper. \"Around 12,000 nazul plots have been given on lease. The current status of remaining plots is not available for a long time. Even, lease renewal and other formalities are not being carried out satisfactorily. I am now concentrating on this matter. I have decided to undertake a survey of all nazul lands with the help of police and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Around 300-400 staffers will be engaged in the work and commence survey from April,\" he said.Rao said the data of the nazul lands would be compiled in a systematic manner. \"Current status, area etc related to nazul land will be surveyed with the help of GPS-based hand device. The entire data will be computerized and uploaded on district administration's website. Immediate measures will be taken to protect the open spaces and encroachments would be cleared,\" he said.Rao said his first priority was to remove the encroachments in Raj Nagar on land reserved for establishment of National Fire Service College. \"There were just 35 huts in the place and they were removed. The land was handed over to Central government. In the last few years, 350 huts have come up. The entire land will be vacated in a few days,\" he said.Rao also said encroachments in Kalamna would be removed after Raj Nagar. \"Hutments have come up along railway line in Kalamna on a stretch of around three kilometres. Central Railway has proposed to construct a second line and requires the land,\" he said. Rao said encroachments and delay in lease renewal would not be tolerated any more. \"Once the data are ready, nazul department will be strengthened. The lease-holders will be given notices from time to time for renewal. The survey will also give an idea about flouting of lease norms. It may take time but it will be done in a proper manner,\" he said.Nazul lands are in prime locations of the city and worth crores of rupees. The district administration has never paid attention to them. Possibility of nexus between encroachers and district administration staff cannot be ruled out.Current status, area etc related to nazul land will be surveyed with the help of GPS-based hand device. The entire data will be computerized", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348914", "title": "Researchers cook up power-packed noodles", "text": "CHENNAI: If you're a mother with a growing child, you would know that a tasty and healthy alternative to noodles is hard to come by. But, when the pasta dough used to make the noodle cake is fortified with proteins and calcium you need not limit the dish to once a week on your menu, say experts.D Baskaran and K S Gnanalakshmi of the department of dairy science at the Madras Veterinary College have hit upon a way of adding nutritive value to noodles through paneer made of skimmed milk, usually not used effectively. A 20% ratio of skimmed-milk paneer helped the pasta dough retain its inherent quality and original cooking parameters, including water intake, cooking loss and stretchability.\"Paneer made of skimmed milk is not palatable as such, but can be used as a protein source for incorporation in pasta dough to be made into noodles. When this is done we noted a 70% increase in protein content, which is very important for growing children. A 100 gm noodle cake met 30% of the daily calcium needs of a person,\" Baskaran said. Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University vice-chancellor Dr R Prabakaran said such efforts could help in the disposal of skimmed milk and whey, a problem in the northern parts of the country.At a two-day international workshop on 'Strategies in value addition and safety aspects pertaining to the dairy and food industry,' organized by the Madras Veterinary College's department of dairy science on Tuesday, researchers gave several cost-effective solutions to balance healthy food with lifestyle changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347688", "title": "Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal opposes NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal on Tuesday said he would oppose the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) \"tooth and nail\" as it would erode powers of state governments, even as the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured that the states would be consulted before taking next step on the anti-terror body.\"We are against NCTC and will oppose it tooth and nail. This will infringe on the powers of the state governments,\" he told reporters after a meeting with Union home minister P Chidambaram.Badal also accused the UPA government of gradually usurping the state governments' power through various amendments in the Constitution and warned of severe consequences. His statement came hours after the PM said nothing would be done to infringe upon the federal structure and the next step would be taken only after full consultations with states.The Centre has convened a meeting of CMs on April 16 to discuss the country's internal security situation, where the issue of NCTC would be discussed threadbare.\"Central government has usurped many of our powers - financial, agriculture and many more. They are attacking country's federal structure in a systematic manner. They will have to pay heavy price for that,\" he said. Badal also demanded a review of the Constitution to define the roles of Central and state governments on various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12351782", "title": "M Yugandhar\u2019s daughter's starry wedding", "text": "The wedding reception of business honcho M Yugandhar's daughter Ahalya and her husband Naveen held at a convention centre on Monday night was well-attended by the city's power brigade.The guest list included T-town heavyweights, politicos, biz gurus, sports stars and top docs. Exotic flowers, flowy drapes, candles in elegant golden candle stands et al lent a majestic feel to the ambience. Yugandhar and wife Rajani, and Naveen's parents, Gopalkrishna and Anuradha, bonded with guests who turned up to bless the couple. Chiranjeevi walked in with wife Surekha and was followed by Allu Aravind, Venkatesh, Murali Mohan, Ramanaidu and Ashwini Dutt from tinsel town. Cricketer VVS Laksman, Syam Prasad Reddy and Sundari, Ramesh Prasad, Shekar Babu, Kavya Reddy, Narendra and Sunita Surana, Heena Srivastava, Mona Mehra, Ranju and Mikki Sharma and many other prominent Hyderabadis were spotted catching up with each other at the opulent affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12350246", "title": "Govt working on formula to provide mill workers houses", "text": "Mumbai: The state government said it was working on a compromise formula to provide tenements at minimum cost, as thousands of mill workers gathered outside Azad Maidan on Tuesday.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced the setting up of two committees--to look into ways to reduce tenement cost and to hunt for more land in the Mumbai metropolitan region--but expressed inability to accommodate every applicant immediately due to land shortage.\"I fully understand this is a sensitive issue of sentimental importance for the people of Maharashtra. The government is committed to provide housing to workers at a minimum cost possible, and therefore these two committees will try and see if the government could bear some expenses incurred by Mhada in the construction of these homes,\" Chavan told the legislative council, while committing that the first committee will submit its report in seven days and the next before the end of the budget session.Chavan clarified the government never claimed it would provide free housing; rather it had announced it on the basis of a no-profit, no-loss formula. So far, 1,26,166 mill workers and 22,701 co-applicants have applied.Meanwhile, contradicting demands by political outfits like the Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS), almost all unions, representing mill workers, have agreed to shun the demand for free housing.At a meeting presided over by Chavan, representatives of the unions demanded reduction in prices for the houses. While the state administration has fixed a price of Rs 8.34 lakh at no-profit, no-cost basis, union representatives urged the state to reduce it significantly. Even the BJP favours the demand of collecting a \"reasonable cost\" for tenements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12347612", "title": "SC rejects govt's plea for review of Vodafone tax relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed the Centre's plea for review of its January 20 verdict, which quashed the income tax department's decision to slap Rs 11,000 crore capital gains tax on Vodafone for acquiring Hutchison's mobile telecom services through an overseas deal.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar considered the review petition in chamber without presence of law officers of the government or lawyers representing Vodafone and said it did not find any merit in the review plea filed jointly by the I-T department and the Centre on February 17.\"We have carefully gone through the review petition filed by the Union of India on February 17, 2012. We find no merit in the review petition. The review petition is, accordingly, dismissed,\" the bench ordered. This leaves the Centre with the lone option of moving a curative petition to seek reconsideration of the judgment.Dismissal of review plea means the decision to quash the Rs 11,000 crore capital gains tax levy on Vodafone through an offshore deal will remain sacrosanct judicially and outside the tax net. But the British telecom major might still be on tenterhooks given the Centre's budget proposal to amend the I-T Act retrospectively to keep alive its capital gains tax demand on Vodafone-like deals.The court went by the facts of the case and saw no ground-breaking logic in the review plea to convince itself either to reconsider the January 20 decision or put up the review petition for a hearing in open court which would have enabled the government's law officers to air legal grievances against the judgment.By dismissing the review plea with a terse order, the SC on one hand ignored the belligerence reflected in the 121 grounds and errors pointed out by the Centre in its review plea, and on the other, took no judicial note of the Finance Bill 2012 proposal intending to overturn the verdict through retrospective amendment of the I-T Act to keep alive the capital gains tax demand.The review plea had shown the government's surprise over the court's decision to give relief to Vodafone on the ground that the offshore transaction was a structured foreign direct investment into the country when not a single penny had come as investment into India through the deal.Smarting under the Vodafone ruling's huge impact on revenue, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his budget proposals had indicated major amendments in direct tax laws with retrospective effect to allow the government to tax income \"accruing or arising directly or indirectly through the transfer of capital asset situated in India\".The Finance Bill has proposed that notwithstanding any judgment from the apex court or any tribunal, the retrospective amendments would enable the government to keep alive all its tax demands and not return anything which it had collected as levy pursuant to the proposed change in law.The two budget proposals on the tax front are aimed at mopping up Rs 35-40,000 crore, which is now locked up in litigation between government and companies.The review petition had said, \"The judgment has far-reaching consequences as much as it undermines the existing and regulatory framework that requires approvals from competent authorities in India even for transactions routed outside India through tax havens. The apex court failed to appreciate the consequences of its judgment on the steps taken by the government of India to promote tax transparency and fight tax evasion.\"The apex court failed to appreciate that the instant case did not involve any inflow of monies into India because the sale consideration was admittedly paid outside India by VIH, a British Virgin Island company, to HTIL. Therefore, it was not a case of FDI into India.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12348858", "title": "Top cop defends in court killing of bank dacoits", "text": "CHENNAI: Had the Chennai police not opened fire and gunned down the five bank dacoits in Velachery on February 23, several police and residents would have sustained fatal injuries, director-general of police K Ramanujam told the Madras high court on Tuesday.The counter, filed before a division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, was pursuant to a public interest writ petition questioning the police version of the encounter, and seeking initiation of criminal proceedings against the police personnel concerned.\"The police personnel were constrained to do so (open fire) in the context of the fact that otherwise, not only members of the police party, but the public residing in the area too would be put to great peril and risk of life,\" the counter said.The DGP said that the XIV metropolitan magistrate had already commenced her inquiry, and that the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) too had taken note of the incident and ordered probe. The state government, on its part, handed over the investigation to the CB-CID. Under these circumstances, public interest writ proceedings before the high court were unnecessary and hence the PIL should be dismissed, he said.\"A parallel inquiry by way of a purported PIL is only duplicating the proceedings and would not serve any purpose, especially when proceedings under the XIV metropolitan magistrate, Chennai, and the NHRC are judicial proceedings,\" Ramanujam said in his counter.The bench has adjourned the matter to April 9, with a direction that the other police personnel named in the PIL too file their counter-affidavits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12350036", "title": "Dande hospital adds latest dialysis centre", "text": "NAGPUR: Dande Hospital at Ravi Nagar square is setting up a new dialysis centre with technical support and guidance from Quality Care Dialysis (QCD), a US-based multi-national. It is third such facility in the country after Coimbatore and Pune with state-of-the-art dialysis technology. QCD would also be contributing a big share of the total cost of project which is about Rs 1.5 crore.Dande hospital managing director of Dr Pinak Dande says that the centre would be using the latest reverse osmosis (RO) technology to treat water used for dialysis. \"You need as much as 150 litres water during one sitting of dialysis. The patient requires at least two such sittings per week. Indian patients with renal failure don't live beyond 2-4 years if they do not get a kidney transplant mainly due to low water quality. In USA patient live quality life for 20-30 years along with dialysis. In our centre, we would be setting up a state-of-the-art RO unit supplied by QCD along with dialysis machine,\" he said .He added his centre would also train dialysis technicians from city and region to improve the quality of the care for the patients .QCD president and CEO Suresh Vasu, who was in city for the launch, said that the water used in QCD dialysis units was much superior in quality compared to industrial RO water .\"There is a human element in the process. If the technicians do not follow all procedures laid down, the patient could die without ever knowing about technician's mistake. So following required standards is of utmost importance,\" he said. In USA, patient education was given great value, he added.QCD's chief mentor B Rangarajan from Mumbai said, \"In USA, dialysis patients can live totally normal life and also undertake exercises like swimming, cycling etc. In India such they are far from such stage. This centre will improve dialysis quality manifold,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12349929", "title": "High Court seeks state say on Mhadei sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday directed the state government to file an affidavit in four weeks time in response to the petition filed by former health minister Vishwajit Rane seeking denotification of Mhadei area as a wildlife sanctuary.When the petition came up for hearing, additional government advocate Sapna Mordekar sought that the petition be admitted in view of the pendency of proceedings before the Supreme Court on the same issue. She prayed for time to file an appropriate reply to the petition.A division bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre told the government to file an affidavit in reply to the petition as it had not yet been filed.The petition filed by Rane, along with one Ladu Laxman Harwalakar of Mhadei, points out that the Mhadei and Netravali forests were notified as reserved sanctuaries in 1999, during the President's rule, by the then governor Lt Gen (Retd) J F R Jacob.The petitioners have termed the notification as illegal as it directly affected the inhabitants of about 28 remote villages in the Mhadei area. Rane alleged that the decision was taken without conducting any detailed study or proper survey demarcating the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12345080", "title": "Kudankulam reloaded", "text": "Given the hurdles to infrastructure projects across India, there's good news from Tamil Nadu. The prolonged shutdown at the Kudankulam nuclear power plant has ended following chief minister J Jayalalithaa's decision to back the Rs 13,000 crore project. But, while accompanied by a welcome area development package, this official nod may not dampen the ongoing anti-Kudankulam agitation. So, police must use utmost care in dealing with protesters. And the government must go all out to assuage local concerns about safety and possible damage to agricultural lands, fisheries, etc. Even a year after Japan's Fukushima, popular fears about nuclear installations remain, as the roadblocks to Maharashtra`s Jaitapur nuclear power project show. Given such projects are massive, involve high costs and foreign expertise, it's not hard to see how easily local protests can be politicised and manipulated. Transparency and engagement are thus all the more necessary to counter Luddite propaganda and boost awareness of nuclear energy's benefits. That goes not just for Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, both no longer power surplus states.Authorities' claims of safety must be backed up with regular on-site reviews, security assessments and structural upgrade. However much experts swear by an installation's solidity, disaster preparedness, including evacuation training and drills, involving local people does much to bring them on board. The point is, public concerns must be addressed sensitively, interactively - and swiftly. India's big plans to raise nuclear power capacity - to 63,000 MW by 2032 - brook no delay. With domestic energy consumption slated to grow by an average 6% annually, we need a diversified energy basket. To match emissions targets and developmental aims, we can't depend solely on polluting fossil fuels nor be over-reliant on renewables, which draw heavily on land and other resources. Fast-growing India needs nuclear power as well, for its twin benefits: it's both clean and can cater to people on a mass scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12352878", "title": "The man behind Rani Mukherjee's success", "text": "Rani Mukherjee is extremely superstitious about her Man Friday, Amosh whom she considers her lucky charm.We heard the actress is possessive about her Man Friday, Amosh who has been working for her for many years now. Amosh did a cameo in her last film No One Killed Jessica which turned out to be a successful movie for Rani. It won't be wrong to say that Rani's career has been revived after No One Killed Jessica.Amosh accompanies Rani to every film set she works on. He was also present on the sets of her forthcoming film Talaash and Aiyya. The actress strongly believes that Amosh's presence in her films is lucky for her and thus urged Aiyya-director Sachin Kundalkar that he do a cameo in Aiyya too, just the way Amosh did one in No One Killed Jessica.We heard that the director has agreed to this request. Now we believe the luck charm will do the rest !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12348235", "title": "Love nest for little birds", "text": "NADIAD: Tarun Joshi and his wife Gayatri, both Ayurvedic doctors in Nadiad have discovered the secret to the sparrow's appetite. Today nearly 300 sparrows come to their backyard to feed on the exclusive menu that the couple dishes out for them and even nest in their backyard.Three years ago Tarun, an avid bird lover was troubled by the dwindling number of sparrows in his town --- a reason he blames is the increasing construction activities and dwindling tree cover. The couple first put up special boxes for the sparrows as a test case and they were successful in getting the first batch of 17 sparrows to their home backyard on Peej road.\"The second challenge was their food. We did quite a few research on the food habits and then rounded off on bajra, rice chaff and grounded half boiled wheat. The menu turned out to be a hit. Then comes the timing of their feed. We noticed that they feed in the morning around 8 am and then fee din the evening between 4 and 5 pm. The 17 sparrows then invited 270 odd sparrows over the next two years. Today these sparrows are part of our daily routine. Not a single grain that we keep for them gets wasted. there are 18 special sparrow nests that we have made here. Every year we see a new sparrow family in them,\" says Gayatri.\"The new highway development has sparked off a number of construction activities around Nadiad and this has left many trees and mid size to be cut. Even the design of the houses have changed where sparrows can built their nests,\" says Tarun.The new highway development has sparked off a number of construction activities. So birds need human help", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12349019", "title": "Poll-savvy Udupi women voters lead from the front", "text": "Udupi: Women in Udupi district are more poll-savvy than their counterparts in Chikmagalur district.This is apparent from the voting pattern in the four assembly segments each in Udupi and Chikmagalur districts. Women outnumber male voters in Udupi district and this is reflected in the voting pattern too. Surprisingly, in Chikmagalur constituency, though women voters are neck to neck in numbers in Sringeri, Mudigere, and Chikmagalur assembly segments, there is a considerable lag as far as voting is concerned.The only assembly segment in which there is a wide gap in male and female voters is Tarikere with a difference of 5,800 and the gap further widens to 8,500 when it comes to the final voting figures.The overall male-female ratio in the coastal districts is 0.88 and even in the voting percentage the ratio remains the same. In Chikmagalur, the male-female ratio (1.03) falls to 1.10 when it comes to voting. In Tarikere, there are 74,019 females for 79,897 males. However, when it comes to voting the ratio falls to 1.21 with 49,410 males and 40,976 females exercising their franchise.Another case where the fact is glaring is in the Mudigere assembly constituency. Here women outnumber men by 58. In this assembly segment there are 71,726 male and 71,784 female voters, but the voting ratio is 1.09, with 3,779 females not exercising their franchise.B K Susheela Jeevala, a social worker from Mudigere, attributes the cause of the low women turnout to the ignorance and illiteracy among people in the Malnad area. \"Another reason is, though the voting was on a Sunday, in Mudigere, women work on that day as the wages are good. They usually take the weekly off on Friday as it is shandy day,'' she adds. But overall, the number of women exercising their franchise in the bypoll was higher, courtesy Udupi district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12348258", "title": "African-French movies come to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad will celebrate 'Francophonie Week', offering French lovers different events, including the African film festival 'Lumiere d'Afrique'.French is spoken in many African countries, thus the films from African countries like Togo, Senegal, Mali will be showcased.One of the interesting features will be Dr Gita Bhatt's 15-minute documentary on 'Toru Dutt', who is believed to be the first Indian writer who wrote in French. Her novel in French being 'Le Journal de Mademoiselle d'Arvers,' which got published posthumously.Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad will be screening this film before all the seven screenings of African films between March 21 and 27 at Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348705", "title": "MNS\u2019 More is leader of opposition in PMC", "text": "PUNE: MNS corporator Vasant More was appointed leader of opposition in Pune Municipal Corporation on Tuesday.Mayor Vaishali Bankar gave the letter of appointment to More during a special general body meeting. \"MNS has become the second largest party in PMC so the post of leader of opposition has been allotted to the party,\" stated the mayor's letter. More, who was elected from Katraj for the second time in the recently held municipal elections, served in the standing committee during his last tenure.\"Our party will try to raise issues of public concern. We will give importance on solving the water problem,\" More said, while addressing a news conference. He said that the party would ensure that projects like rainwater harvesting were made compulsory in housing schemes. They would take steps to introduce separate water tanks for providing drinking water and water for other purposes, he said.In the house of 152 corporators, MNS has a strength of 29 corporators. NCP is the single largest party with 51 corporators. The election for standing committee chairman will take place on March 26. The submission of forms will be done on March 22, PMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12350015", "title": "Nautanki Mahotsav tries to save dying folk art", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To preserve dying folk art of Uttar Pradesh, Vinod Rastogi Smriti Sansthan in association with Ministry of Culture has organized a four-day Nautanki Mahotsav at North Central Zone Cultural Centre.In this connection, a nautanki was staged in which people were given the lesson of shunning lethargy and working hard to progress in life.The title of the nautanki was 'Sam Purush, na mo sam nari'. The act portrayed the married life of Balai and Ramkali which is replete with love, hatred, selfishness, greed and other human emotions. The couple live in rural background. The protagonist of the play, Balai, is lethargic. He sells off everything and wants to lead an easy going life. Ramkali has lust for money. She takes everything of Balai and flees.The artists who showcased their talent in the play included Mukesh Shukla, Guru Dutt Pandey, Sushil Lohar, Madhu Prakash Srivastava, Sanjay Tripathi, Sarita Yadav, Priti Goyal and Neelam Varshney.There are numerous folk arts of Uttar Pradesh and nautanki is one of them. It has a simple language which directly appeals to the people.However, due to the intrusion of cable television, the popularity of nautanki is waning. Further, inclusion of vulgarity in nautanki is taking the toll on its popularity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12350111", "title": "Experts shed light on medical maladies", "text": "KANPUR: Urinary inconsistency is more in women than men, most of the mental disorders and even 10% of cancer types can be detected through genetic counselling and antibiotic resistance can lead to various complications were some of the points discussed on the third day of the IMA-CGP refresher course at Lajpat Bhawan here on Tuesday.Giving brief account of the reasons for urinary inconsistency, Dr V K Mishra, senior consultant in urology and speaker of the first session, said that \"apart from by-birth reasons, uncontrolled urinary leak can be caused due to improper toilet training, hormonal challenges, hormonal imbalances and by adopting unhygienic toilet trends\".\"Urinary incontinence is a major health problem causing both social embracement as well as renal dysfunction, if untreated. The disease should be reported at an earliest to an urologist and needs redressal based upon the specific cause,\" added Dr V K Mishra.The expert further said that \"urinary incontinence affects all age groups, including children\". \"Whenever they soil the bed, it is called Nocturnal enuresis. The condition is mostly because of poor toilet training and could be treated treatment by behavioral modification, alarm voiding and use of some medicines,\" Dr Mishra said.In the younger patients, it may be due to narrowing of urinary passage. In newly wed females, because of urinary tract infection and cystitis, it leads to incontinence which is totally treatable and preventable by medicines. \"In mutiparous females with more that 3-4 normal vaginal deliveries, they may have lax pelvic muscles leading to urinary incontinence which can be corrected by pelvic floor exercise or operation knows as sling operation. While, in the elderly males it could be due to underlying prostate enlargement and in females because of stenosis and menopause related hormonal imbalance,\" Dr Mishra added and stressed that all such conditions are curable.Talking about ABC of genetics, Dr Subha Phadke, professor and HoD of Medical Genetics, SGPGI (Lucknow) said that as many as 3,000 mental complications can be treated through genetic counselling within three months of pregnancy. Also, more then 10 types of cancers can be diagnosed through similar process.\"There are 2,500 to 3,000 genes which make up our body. The recent study of genetics shows that most of the mental imbalances in children can be initially discovered through DNA tests,\" Dr Phadke added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12341967", "title": "Imran Khan gets abusive!", "text": "Imran Khan is going through a transformation as an actor with his forthcoming film Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola being a demanding project. Apart from physical changes in look et al the actor will also mouth abusive language.It may not be surprising that Vishal Bhardwaj's next movie, Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola will be as rustic as his previous ones, and foul and abuive language will be employed aplenty, just like in his earlier works (Omkara and Kaminey, for example).Imran Khan will do away with his chocolate boy image for something more raw and rustic. He sports a beard and has put on weight to look older for his character in the movie. He is required to speak Haryanvi and has even taken lessons to get the accent right.We heard that Vishal Bhardwaj's close friend Gulzar expressed his concern over the language and asked Bhardwaj to tone it down and limit it to fewer scenes. Vishal has begun shooting Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola at Wankaner palace in Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12348531", "title": "Kutch Kerala Samajam to organize mega blood donation camp", "text": "RAJKOT: Kutch Kerala Samajam, an association of Malayalees, has planned to organize a voluntary blood donation camp to mark its 60 years of completion.The camp will be held in association with Indian Medical Association, Gandhidham, on March 25 in Kairali School Lilashah Nagar at Gandhidham.\"We are expecting donors from not only our community, but also from others. We want people to come forward and donate for this noble cause. This will be one grand blood donation camp in Gandhidham,'' Satish Nair of Kutch Kerala Samajam said.The association is affiliated to 'Federation of Gujarat Malayalee Association (FEGMA), which is the nodal organization of various Malayalee associations in Gujarat, which aims to project and present the ethnic diversity of Malayalees in Gujarat, Nair added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12348708", "title": "\u2018Red Ribbon\u2019 train in city on March 23", "text": "PUNE: The specially designed 'Red Ribbon' express train will reach the Khadki railway station on March 23. The train is travelling through 23 states with an objective of increasing awareness on HIV/AIDS and communicable diseases like TB and malaria , as well as improving access to services for these medical conditions.The train will halt at the Khadki station for two days and will be open to visits between 10 am and 6 pm.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and state health minister Suresh Shetty will remain present for the inaugural function on March 23.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, district collector Vikas Deshmukh said the train has six coaches specially designed with displays on bio-medical aspects of HIV and AIDS including interactive touch screens and 3-D models, educational material with focus on stigma and discrimination free communities, information on general health, hygiene and communicable diseases.As many as three batches each of sixty people will undertake training on HIV awareness. The awareness campaign will also reach out to citizens from rural areas through specialised troops and vans, Deshmukh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-21"}
