{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448262", "title": "RTI by IPS officer blows lid of bomb detonating units' contract", "text": "Mumbai: It took a senior IPS officer's query raised via RTI to bring to light how the entire proposal for total containment vehicles was given to Mumbai-based controversial businessman Bimal Agarwal at double the price. The entire deal was cancelled after then Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Gafoor raised objection.\"We asked the supplier to explain the massive price difference. He did make an attempt to justify the huge price of the vessel but it was not accepted. As such, the order stands scrapped,\" a senior official told TOI on Wednesday.It was on October 18, 2006 that the Mumbai police commissioner floated a tender for total containment vessels. It took nearly three years for the state to give sanction for its procurement, as the cost of the vehicle exceeded Rs 25 lakh and required government no.d.The government on March 31, 2009 gave the contract to Agarwal's firm. But on May 12, Gafoor raised objections over the price difference with MIAL and DIAL purchases. Three days later, Technograde Impex justified the differential pricing but on June 9, Gafoor again rejected it and recommended cancellation of the order. \"If the supplier is reluctant to reduce the price and bring it on par with MIAL and DIAL, the tender process should be cancelled,\" Gafoor wrote. On July 6, 2009, Kupekar sent a recommendation letter to the additional chief secretary (home) to consider Agarwal's case. \"I am enclosing herewith a proposal submitted by Agarwal... kindly extend him all necessary cooperation,\" wrote Kupekar, who was thespeaker during 2004-09. The state then went for a legal opinion and was told by the additional government pleader on September 7, 2009, that the Mumbai police commissioner had the powers to reject the proposal.But Kupekar said he does not remember having sent a recommendation letter. He said in his four-and-a-half decade of public life, several people meet him asking for recommendation letters for jobs, admissions and transfers. \"Party workers and even aam admi approach us for such letters. I have never refused them,\" he said.Agarwal on his part said the higher price was due to interest on advance payment that he had made for the supply, various charges and currency exchange rate fluctuations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14444349", "title": "Dakshina Kannada youths' ordeal in Jeddah jail continues", "text": "MANGALORE: It's a seemingly endless ordeal for over eight years in a Jeddah jail, Saudi Arabia for eight youngsters from Dakshina Kannada district for illegally routing telecom calls. This has forced their family members to plead their case with governments of India and Saudi Arabia to secure their release on humanitarian grounds.Hussain Ahmed Kudroli, Riyaz Ahmed (both residents of the city), Yousuf Mohammed Shafi, Nasir Mohammed from Ullal, Mohammed Ashraf from Surathkal), Faiz Ahmed of Bajpe, Mohammed Ayub from Kannur and Mohammed Sharif, a resident of BC Road here were accused by Saudi Telecom Company for passing and routing telecom calls illegally in Saudi Arabia. As they couldn't put together Rs 9.15 crore which the telecom company has demanded as penalty, they had been jailed.Now, their family members have joined hands to plead with the governments and also pool in money to bring them back. Mohammed Javed, brother of Mohammed Ashraf, said those in jail and their family members are not in a position to pay the huge amount. \"None of the family members of these youngsters are rich enough to pay the amount. Hence, we plead to the government of India as well as Saudi Arabia to take the initiative to release them on humanitarian grounds as they have already undergone eight yeas of imprisonment,\" Javed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14443908", "title": "Time for dance and music again", "text": "CHENNAI: Over at a fitness studio in Nungambakkam, dancer-choreographer Jeffery Vardon is just about wrapping up the auditions for his musical 'Lion King', which will hit the stage this October.Meanwhile, in Gandhinagar, Adyar, Freddy Koikaran and team are practicing in all earnest for their production of 'Sound Of Music', which is coming up soon.But, at the moment, things are most hectic in Chetpet, where Krishnakumar Balasubramanian is getting his cast to practice a fight sequence for The Little Theatre's home production 'Gapsaa Full Loaded', coming up this weekend. With just a few days to go before they put up the show for The Little Festival, Krishnakumar wants to make sure they get the stick-fights and stunts perfect.With summer behind us, it looks like the season of musicals is all set to hit the city.\"Musicals are the best form of entertainment for families,\" says Aysha Rau of The Little Theatre, who adds that the show this weekend and the first half of the next will also feature a collaborative show from China and Japan. \"Next year, we are trying to bring in five countries,\" says Rau, whose Little Festival is in its third year.While 'Gapsaa Full Loaded' promises to \"be high octane action\" with a completely original score written by Nipun Nair of the band Public Issue. Koikaran's Stagefright Productions has decided to go with a time-tested classic, Varden's Hot Shoe Dance Company has decided to just go 'big' for their adapted stage version of the Walt Disney movie.With a main cast of 14, a supporting cast of 52, a backstage crew of 16, and 8 engineers, Vardon says this is his most ambitious project yet.\"It's a challenge to make it work, to pull it off by October, but it's thrilling both for the people producing it as well as the audience, which is why I try and do one musical every year,\" says Vardon, who produced Hairspray last year.\"One of the reasons there seem to be more musicals coming up is that it is much more saleable to both the sponsor and the audience. A musical provides more options for people to enjoy it,\" says Neesha Koikaran, who works with husband Freddy on his productions.\"I think musicals are just an interesting way of telling a story,\" says Krishnakumar. \"That's why they sell.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440252", "title": "Common admission process for M Tech gets a thumbs up", "text": "JAIPUR: The common admission process introduced by the Rajasthan Technical University for M Tech courses in its affiliated colleges is receiving an encouraging response from aspirants.Over 2,000 seats are up for grabs at 40 engineering colleges which offer M Tech programmes.Under the new system, candidates will submit only one form and the admission will be based on merit and choice of college.\"The system has been introduced to check malpractices including enrolling for the M Tech programme while teaching,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU.In the absence of a centralized admission process, the admission and classes in the colleges have not been uniform.The RTU has received over 2000 forms from across the country. Under the new system, 70 % weightage has been allotted to final scores of undergraduate programme, and 30% to GATE (Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering).The last date for submission of forms is June 30. Counseling will start from second week of July, and the classes will begin by the end of July.The RTU will also monitor if the colleges offering M Tech courses have adequate faculty and facilities.Recently, it had served notices to several students who had completed their M Tech while teaching in other colleges.Notices were also issued to colleges who had flouted norms while admitting such students and keeping the RTU in dark by presenting false documents on attendance and internal marks.Meanwhile, to ensure better placements at the colleges, the RTU is co-ordinating with Delhi-based placement consultants to introduce a 'central placement scheme.' Barring a few established colleges, other colleges have failed to attract companies to come to campuses and hire students.\"Our priority is to improve placements to establish RTU and its affiliated colleges as a brand. There is no doubt that every college in its individual capacity is making efforts but it is also our responsibility to attract more companies for our students,\" said Manish Chaturvedi, training and placement officer at RTU.The sudden rise in engineering colleges has created a pool of talented professionals. Every year, about 40,000 students pass out of RTU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14458175", "title": "Mohammad Nazim aka Ahem in Full Phukre!", "text": "Mohammad Nazim is basking in the popularity of his show, Saath Nibhana Saathiya on Star Plus.Mohammad who plays the much loved Ahem in Rashmi Sharma Telefilms' Saath Nibhana Saathiya has been signed on for a Punjabi film. Titled Full Phukre , the film revolves around three brothers, of which Mohammad plays the younger brother. Stepping in to play the role of the older brother is Arjun Bijlani from Miley Jab Hum Tum fame.Sources inform that the star cast also includes actors from Punjab (for the role of the middle brother). A few names are also being considered from the Indian film and TV industry to play the father's role. The film will be shot in Punjab and Mumbai and the shooting for the Mumbai sequence has already begun.Mohammad confirms the news, \"It's a very different concept and my character is similar to Akshay Kumar's in Housefu l and Javed Jaffrey's in Dhamaal . It's a comedy film with a very different concept\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437901", "title": "'Illegal' temple at Golconda Fort demolished", "text": "HYDERABAD: Military officials have allegedly demolished a temple illegally constructed on their land at Banjari Darwaza located on Golconda Fort premises on Wednesday.According to police, late on Tuesday night, about 60 persons clad in army fatigues arrived at the eight acre land near Banjari Darwaza where a Shiva temple was located and demolished the structure.After demolishing the structure, they cleaned up the spot and carried away the debris to an unidentified location in their trucks. The Shiva temple was constructed six months ago by a realtor Sardar Singh who claims ownership of the land. There has been a long standing dispute between the military and Sardar Singh about the land's ownership, Golconda inspector Mohammed Waheeduddin said.Even though Sardar Singh did not lodge any complain with the police, he told them that the temple was demolished by people clad in Olive Green uniforms. \"Sardar Singh claimed that he had seen army men demolishing the structure,\" the inspector said.On Wednesday afternoon, BJP leader B Balreddy along with his supporters arrived at the spot and staged a dharna demanding immediate reconstruction of the temple. \"We have not booked any cases as there was no complaint and by evening, the reconstruction of temple began,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14437906", "title": "Jungle cat chases 330 sheep to death on railway tracks", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: As many as 330 sheep and a jungle cat were crushed to death under the wheels of a train at Anantavaram village near Palavalasa in Mandasa mandal 80km from Srikakulam in the early hours of Wednesday.The jungle cat attacked the flock of sheep and chased them onto the railway tracks, leading to the accident. A villager who had gone to the site to complete his morning ablutions found hundreds of sheep lying dead on both sides of the tracks with chopped body parts strewn all over the place and on the blood-splattered tracks.When the owners of the dead sheep were informed of their loss, they tried to jump in front of a train that was then crossing the area but were thwarted by the villagers. The sheep belonged to four farmers of Korlam village which lies 6km away from the accident spot. The loss from the mishap is being pegged at Rs 15 lakh with one Appala Naidu suffering bearing the brunt.Initially, villagers thought that the animal that had chased the sheep was a leopard given its spotted hide. Then, revenue authorities who visited the spot said that the animal could be a hyena. But Kasibugga forest ranger Arun Prakash, who is investigating the case, identified it as a jungle cat.Sources said that the sheep-owners had left their unattended flocks to graze in the area on Tuesday night.According to forest officials, hyenas, bears and leopards inhabit the area, which is heavily forested. Anantavaram village, which was once a haven for People's War Group ultras, falls on the Chennai-Howrah main railway line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14458721", "title": "Painters in Goa are against high security registration plates", "text": "PANAJI: Around 100 painters in the state are up in arms against the government's decision to implement the scheme of high security registration plates (HSRP) in Goa, alleging that they would be rendered jobless after vehicles are fitted with new number plates.The painters had planned to organize a day's token hunger strike today (Thursday).But on the assurance of chief minister Manohar Parrikar , Painters Association, Goa kept their strike on hold. The association has around 100 members and there are around 1000 painters across the state who are involved in painting number plates for vehicles.Speaking to TOI, president of Painters association Bhiku Malvankar said the chief minister has sent a message that he will hold a meeting with association on Wednesday to discuss their demands. \"He (chief minister) has said that he will look into our demands\", said Malvankar.He also argued that if there is no security after fitting HRSP plates and it will only ensure uniformity, then painters are ready to do same work, provided the government gives them the contract of fixing those number plates. \"We will do the job, government should give us subsidy to buy machinery, \"said Malvankar.The association has demanded government jobs to all the members of association if government implements HSRP in state. \"We are few people in this profession, if government provides us jobs then this issue is sorted once and for all\", said Malvankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14458128", "title": "Chunnu Singapuri to hit Bhojpuri silver screen.", "text": "The multi talented actor and artist Chunnu Singapuri grew in Singapore but he always keeps in touch with his native place in Deoria district of Uttar Pradesh and so is deeply involved with Bhojpuria culture and society. Even in Singapore, Chunnu Singapuri presents various dance forms of Bhojpuri on every Sunday to the Bhojpuria people there.Recently Chunnu's five films, with him in the lead, went on floor. Bidesi Babu Ke Desi Thumka, Jiyat Rahani Tohare Khatirm, Tapori Chunnu Pandey, Lagal Raha Ae Mamaji, and Kulta . He is working with actresses like Rakhi Tripathi, Neha Sri Singh, Bhawika Desai, Prerna Sushma and Puja Singh among others.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433924", "title": "Killer instincts", "text": "A global survey says that Delhi is more competitive than Mumbai. Really?It's not only Pranab and Sangma. It's not only Germany and the Azzurri. It's not only TOI and HT. Looks like cities too go for the jugular in aiming for the Hot Spot. In a recent study to rate competitive quotient, Delhi was ranked 68th on a list of 120 metros worldwide, while Mumbai trailed at No. 70. Ooh, bad news for Bombabes. They will now have to suffer the catcalls of Dilli Billis, in addition to their recent humiliations at the hands of their own Mumbhais.Wannabe cities such as Bangalore, Ahmedabad or even, horror of horrors, Patna , have long been baying for urban glory. Kolkata doesn't wanna be counted since it has never wannaed to be anything other than itself, dhonyobad. But Delhi, political capital, and Mumbai, ready, willing and able to make capital out of anything, have always been the classical top dogs.Delhi ate political power for breakfast like it was nalli-nihari, and spat the bones out by lunch. Bombay revelled in its own mercantile mojo, though being 'bindaas' didn't mean it couldn't be kickass. Its cool was decidedly hotter, a fact proved by the phenomenon of Page One People desperately wanting to become Page Three People: all of Delhi's netas and fixers suddenly started partying in Bombay. It was reverse 'airdashing'.Now along comes this study, and claims that Delhi rules, OK. More humiliating for Mumbai, the clincher was the ability to attract capital, business, talent and tourists. Ouch!We will yield ground only on the last-mentioned. Even the most chauvinistic manoos will concede that Delhi's tombs and forts are an unbeatable attraction, while Mumbai only has monumental neglect. We spit on our world heritage sights. The seaface is defaced \u2014 and defecated on. The tourism potential of Bollywood has remained less exploited than a desperate starlet. And even our terror tourism isn't enough to make us rank among 'The World's 10 Must-See Cities Before You Die'.But what has really set the pigeons among the fat-cats is Mumbai being beaten on its corporate USP. Couldn't Delhi remain content with being the country's capital instead of grabbing the country's capital?So here's a fresh list of parameters which might restore the unskewed status quo. Ask yourselves which of the two cities is more competitive on matters uppermost in the minds of ordinary citizens?Being the seat of power and largesse, Delhi has an unfair advantage in scale of corruption, but does Mumbai not try harder?New Delhi was a city planned for the future, has an INTACHt past, and its municipal corporation has more gardeners than the rest of us have trees. But does Mumbai, which started off as a showpiece city, now really have nothing to show but broken pieces? Can't you see that all the criticised chaos of monorail, metro, expressway and monsoon preparedness is only for a smoother future. It may be death by development, but it's development, no?Thirdly, which of the two cities is more competitive in ensuring the safety of its citizens? Take your pick from a range of options: terror, street crime, fire, security, accidents? Both are up to their neck-and-neck here.Now for the tie-breaker. Delhi was the undisputed patent holder in road rage. Its brand leadership was assured thanks to hot-blooded Punjab de puttars, wide avenues which drove manners to obsolescence, and its higher paternity testiness of 'Do you know who my father is?' But all this could change in favour of Mumbai, till now a wimpish live-and-let-live city. It has thrown up a new challenger in the form of a thuggish cop called Dhoble, who wields a hockey stick, and who has been attacking pubs and party scenes like a one-man Godzilla parishad. Road rage? Bah! Here comes Rave rage. Oye Dilli, ab kya bolti tu?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14445582", "title": "Fishing boats to be colour coded", "text": "MANGALORE: Trawlers and fishing boats across India will have colour codes in the near future. The Union government has decided to introduce the new system to strengthen the security along the coast.According to it, each coastal state will have its own colour code, which will help national security agencies differentiate and identify to which state a particular boat belongs.Once the system is implemented fishermen in the state can use only blue, black and white to paint their boats.Vijaya Kumar, the assistant director of the department of fisheries, said the Union ministry of shipping had decided to bring in the system keeping in mind the nation's security.\"The state directorate of fisheries has sent a directive to all district-level offices to ensure the implementation of the rule. While the cabin of the boats registered in the state should be painted with blue, upper and lower portion of boats' body should be painted with white and black colours respectively,\" he said.The fisheries department has held a preliminary round of discussions with all stakeholders involved. A meeting of various fishermen societies and associations was also organized in this connection recently.\"The information regarding the new colour code has been conveyed to fishermen representatives in the meeting,\" he added.National Fishermen's Federation secretary Vasudev Boloor said that the National Fish Workers Forum had already welcomed the decision of the government.\"It is an important decision in the interest of the nation's security as well as for the coastal security. The security agencies and fishermen can identify the boats of other states. It will also help check intrusion of enemies through sea,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445347", "title": "Man tries to end quarrel, murdered", "text": "BANGALORE: Eshwar Kumar, 24, a daily wage worker of Kadugodi, was stabbed to death when he tried to pacify two fighting siblings. Eshwar saw his colleague Nagaraj fighting with his younger brother Venkatesh over money and tried to intervene. A furious Nagaraj stabbed Eshwar and fled. Venkatesh shifted Eshwar to a private hospital where he died on Wednesday morning, police said.Charred body foundParappana Agrahara police retrieved the charred body of a man aged around 30 years from a public well in Govindaiahnapalya. Some persons alerted police about a foul smell in the well. \"The body has been shifted to Bowring Hospital. The man was possibly murdered before being set ablaze and his body was dumped in the well,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439506", "title": "Wild cat attacks man in Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A lioness attacked a 42-year-old man in Sara-Kadiya village in Khambha taluka of Amreli on Monday evening. The victim, identified as Suleman Dal of Sara-Kadiya village, has received minor injuries.According to forest department officials, Suleman was returning home with his goats on Monday evening when the lioness suddenly attacked his herd and other cattle.The lioness killed eight goats and when Suleman tried to save the rest, the wild cat turned on him and attacked him.Suleman was rushed to a government hospital in Khambha where he was given primary treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443970", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji flushes, resumes dumping at Campal", "text": "PANAJI: A day after temporarily stopping the dumping of garbage at the Campal Parade Grounds, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP)-which is now ruled by a BJP panel owing allegiance to Parrikar-has restarted the same with CCP trucks dumping garbage in the area again on Wednesday.The dumping of wet waste is in violation of a 2008 high court order. On Tuesday, mayor Vaidehi Naik and other CCP officials had visited the site to assess the situation. The mayor had said \"the CCP stopped the dumping\".However, residents of the area claimed that CCP trucks were dumping garbage in the area even till Wednesday morning. The garbage was then covered with mud. Co-opted member of CCP Patricia Pinto and municipal engineer Sachin Ambe were also seen at the site in the evening.When contacted, the mayor appeared surprised at the development and stated that the \"dumping of garbage had been ordered to be stopped\". Naik had on Tuesday acknowledged that there was a backlog in the garbage management mechanism. She had further said that the infrastructure for garbage management for the city of Panaji was not ready.Stating that much of the garbage problem \"boils down to the fact that Panaji residents were not segregating their garbage\", commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said the CCP was using the Campal sorting centre for dry waste.Speaking to TOI, councillor Surendra Furtado felt that Parrikar has not shown any resolve in alleviating the garbage woes of his constituency-Panaji-which is grappling without a proper site for garbage disposal. He felt that the CCP should speed up work on the proposal of setting up a waste treatment plant at Bainguinim. Sources said that it appears that the CCP, which is itself facing a garbage management deficit due to the lack of initiative from successive panels of councillors and other officials, is resorting to makeshift arrangements of dumping garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14454954", "title": "Pakistan releases Indian prisoner Surjeet Singh from jail", "text": "LAHORE: Indian prisoner Surjeet Singh, who has served a life term in Pakistan following his arrest on charges of spying in the 1980s, was on Thursday freed from a prison here and sent to the Wagah border crossing to be repatriated.Singh, 69, was released from Kot Lakhpat Jail this morning , a senior official of the prison department of Punjab province said.Policemen escorted Singh as he was taken to the Wagah land border crossing in a van to be handed over to Indian authorities, the official told PTI.Footage on television showed a police van carrying Singh leaving the jail.Indian officials said a team present at Wagah to receive over 300 fishermen being repatriated today would take care of formalities for Singh's release.Awais Sheikh, the counsel for Singh, told the media yesterday that the Indian national was arrested by Pakistani police on charges of spying during the regime of military ruler Zia-ul-Haq.He has spent at least 27 years in Pakistani jails. Singh was given the death sentence under the Pakistan Army Act in 1985.The death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment in 1989 by then President Ghulam Ishaq Khan .Sources said Singh had held meetings with other prisoners in Kot Lakhpat Jail yesterday to bid them farewell.He requested the authorities to serve him 'sewai' to celebrate his impending release.Hours after reports emerged on Tuesday that Pakistan was to free Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh , the presidential spokesman clarified that authorities had actually ordered the release of Surjeet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14446648", "title": "Senior citizen found murdered", "text": "Thane: The body of a 65-year-old woman was found in a drain at Cherpuli village in Shahapur on Tuesday.The post-mortem examination has found that the victim was strangulated to death and a murder case has been registered.The victim, Mangala Patil, is a resident of Jalgaon and came to meet her children settled in Kalyan. On Sunday, Mangala's son-in-law saw her off at Kalyan station as she was to board the Kamayani Express and return home. However on Tuesday, Mangala's body was found by a villager in Shahapur which is nearly 35 km from Kalyan.\"A dispute in the family may have led to her murder. The victim's purse contained her contact details and that is how we could trace her kin,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446975", "title": "'Come clean on what's unclean'", "text": "MUMBAI: Producer of Jannat 2, Mukesh Bhatt said he will not accept the 11pm time-slot condition laid down by the censor board. The censor board (CBFC) has granted his film a UA certificate on condition that it won't be aired on television during prime time. \"I am moving the tribunal. How can there be two different timings for films certified under one category? Agneepath, which has violence (and given a UA-rating), was telecast at prime time and I have been given the graveyard slot,\" he said.In April, Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture was stopped from being aired during the day and evening after a legal suit was filed against the film because of its 'adult content'. At the time, members of the film industry rushed to Delhi to meet with ministers and the CBFC. Now, there is a very real fear in Bollywood that films with UA certificates can be pus8hed into late-night slots after the precedent set by TDP.Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said, \"The CBFC is viewing some films as 'clean' UA films and some as 'unclean'. This is not done.\" A producer said: \"When we were protesting the TDP time slot, we were told that it was a standalone case, but now Jannat 2 is facing the same problem. If this censorship continues, it will affect the film industry adversely.\"Industry experts fear the new trend of pushing UA-rated films to the adult slot will hit revenue hard. Jannat 2 and TDP have been sold to broadcasters for Rs 10 and Rs 12 crore, respectively. The producer quoted above said, \"If broadcasters stop ge8ting returns, they will not pay big money to the prod8ucer.\"TV content-be it a film, serial or commercial-has to be as per the programme code of the Cable Television Network Regulation Act. As per the code, films that have UA rating can be shown on TV, but adult content can be aired after 11pm. Until TDP, films were telecast with no restrictions. Now, it appears that the censor board is applying the cable TV progr8amme code to films. A source from the board said, \"Some films, even after cuts, retain adult themes. They are not advisable for children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448052", "title": "Scrutiny slows down work at Ramjas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admission seekers at Ramjas College had a tough time on Wednesday after a new verification process introduced by the college administration triggered delays, resulting in a heated exchange between parents and the administration.Ramjas, which was hit by a fake admission scandal last year, involved forensic experts in this year's admission process. Apparently, all documents being submitted on Wednesday went to the forensic panel first, and they took some time in verifying the same. But students and parents were getting impatient and crowded the main admission counter. This led to some unpleasant exchanges between the staff and parents, forcing the college to close the admission process at 10.30am. The counters started functioning again at 11.30am after the principal personally intervened and streamlined the entire process.Meera, seeking admission in English (H), had come along with her mother. She was very disappointed. \"We are standing here for about an hour. There is no news from the college's side,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14439838", "title": "National commission seeks status report on borewells in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Four-year-old Mahi's death exposed the administration's apathetic attitude towards civic maintenance. In a bid to check the frequency of such incidents, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has sought a detailed report on the status of borewells in the state.A letter has been issued to the Union water resources ministry, a copy of which has been sent to the chief secretary too.The report has sought information on what steps have been taken by the state government to enforce the Supreme Court guidelines issued in February 2010 to cover the abandoned borewells.Rajasthan has over 22,000 'functional' borewells, of which 1806 are in the Jaipur city. However, it's the under-construction or the deserted wells that are a cause of concern.Officials of the public health and engineering department claim that no abandoned borewell is left uncovered. \"We have almost 60 borings under construction in the state. The SC guidelines are being followed at all the places,\" a senior PHED official said.The state's track record on this issue is far from encouraging. A four-year-old boy fell into a 250-feet deep borewell in Bhilwara district on January 2010. A 22-hour rescue operation failed to save him.Earlier in June 2009, a four-year-old girl Anju Gujjar fell into a 70-feet borewell in Bandikui village in Dausa. The girl was finally rescued after a 19-hour long ordeal.Chief secretary CK Mathew, though, denied receiving any such communication from the NCPCR. He maintained that the state will take all necessary actions to ensure such incidents don't happen again in the state.\"There is no doubt that deserted borewells should be covered with proper signboard installed. The concerned officials will be asked to ensure that SC guidelines are duly followed\" said Mathew.Following the incident in 2010, the state government had submitted an affidavit in the apex court on the steps taken in adherence with the guidelines issued.\"We had already submitted a detailed report on the number of borewells in the state, including those under construction and uncovered. Strict action was taken and contractors were asked to follow the rules,\" the PHED official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447844", "title": "Court: No FIR against Bhandarka", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday refused to order lodging of an FIR against Bollywood filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar and two others for allegedly \"stealing\" the \"plot and idea\" of his movie Fashion from a book without giving credit to the author.Stating that \"there cannot be a copyright in an idea or a plot\", additional chief metropolitan magistrate Sanjay Sharma dismissed actress-turned-author Seema Seth's plea for lodging an FIR against Bhandarkar, Ronnie Screwala and Ajay Mongia.\"...In such cases, violation of copyright must be proved by a clear evidence. So, a prima facie case is not made out against them (Bhandarkar, Screwala and Mongia),\" the court said.While dismissing the plea, the court, however, decided to hear Seth on the issue of copyright violation by Bhandarkar and others and fixed August 8 for it. It even asked her to produce more evidence to substantiate her charges.Seth, in her plea, had contended Bhandarkar indulged in \"clear-cut violation of the Copyright Act\". She has also made Ronnie Screwala of UTV Motion Pictures a party in the case and has sought Rs 2.5 crore compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14440821", "title": "NMC gets proposal for MSW management and river cleaning", "text": "NASHIK: A Mumbai-based firm, presented a comprehensive municipal solid waste (MSW) management and disposal system, water purification system as a permanent solution to the water hyacinth menace afflicting the Godavari.The presentation by Steps Techniron was made to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday. The firm also agreed to provide a demonstration of the purification process. and hyacinth removal from Godavari.The company that has developed a comprehensive municipal solid waste (MSW) management and disposal system gave a power point presentation of its system to the officials of the NMC, the mayor and the corporators. The company does it free for municipal corporations.\"In our country the MSW is mixed waste and it is manually it is not possible to process these. We do not require landfills or land for this technology. The compost plant of the NMC has limited capacity for garbage disposal and the process is time consuming. Our technology is quick,\" said the firm's director Mohnish Shukla. director of Steps Techniron. He explained that natural degradation of solid waste takes 9-12 months and by using various cultures it takes 4-6 months whereas their technology can degrade MSW in a matter of few days.\"During monsoon wet garbage cannot be segregated. The technology will treat non-segregated municipal waste which we convert into commercial products like hydrocarbon fuels, combustive gas and carbon which are then sold to We sell these to industries,\" saidShukla added. The company is currently carrying on its whose company is carrying on its project in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and in Kolhapur on the a basis of built-operate-own basis. (BOO).Shukla explained that the process involves optic sensors that identify plastic by its colour and size and these which get sucked at the end of a conveyor and are then transported in to a plastic collection area. \"After this pre-segregation, MSW is goes into a bio-coke processing system. Gasification and coke formation takes place in a reactor through a catalytic convertor. Gas is used to provide energy and carbon is used as solid fuel by industries. Plastic is converted into liquid hydrogen for industrial use,\" he said.He informed that the company has patented the catalysts used in the process in India and US.Molecular conversion is done in polycrack system where conversion of gases and plastic into petrol and fluids take place, rest are converted into bi-coke, which is sold to power plants.\"The entire process can be completed All these can be done within eight hours. We also proposed to clear the NMC's landfill and handover the land to the NMC. We would be generating carbon credits to some extent which we would split share 50 percent with the NMC\". He said that the credits were approved by UNFCCC (United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change), now governed by World Bank.They proposed dowsing system for purifying water in nullahs, in places where the sewage treatment plants are not functioning properly and in places where sewage is directly discharged into the water. They said the water is purified through bacteria that they use. \"Bacteria eats up the sludge, silt settles down and water also becomes odour-free. Though the parameters are good enough to be used as drinking water, we don't recommend it for drinking but can be safely used for all other purposes,\" said Shukla while demonstrating it in a glass of water.They also proposed spraying highly concentrated oxygen on these so that they cannot produce food on their own through photosynthesis and would go down and sink. These could also be removed.A demonstration of the They agreed to conduct a trial of process will be conducted at Nasardi and Chopda nullahs. with a another and demonstration of water hyacinth removal on 50m of Godavari the river bed, at the request of mayor Yatin Wagh and municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448994", "title": "Low turnout in posh areas", "text": "KANPUR: Despite, getting a curfew free atmosphere, liberal approach by election authorities to avail public and private conveyance, high literacy rate and awareness level, voters in posh and VIP areas in the industrial city do not showed much interest in voting this time.Many wards in so-called educated areas of the city witnessed poor voter-turnout, which might disappoint the Election Commission officials who claim to reach high polling percent for this civic elections.As per the data provided by the official, booth number 830 in Junior Basic Vidyalaya Medical College, which was having 1102 voters enrolled, witnessed only 166 people who came to vote throughout the poling day. The poll percentage of this booth remained 15.26%.Similar, was the scene in booth number 839, where only 260 voters came to vote among the 1333 enrolled. While, the booth number 840 of the same area witnessed 237 voters among the 1267 total voters in the area. tnnThough, EC was unable to provide the data of other posh localities but in all, the booth officials in these areas claimed to have poor voting. Areas like Arya Nagar, Parwati Bangla Road, Tilak Nagar and Lajpat Nagar and many more observed minimum voting percentage between 8 to 15 percent till afternoon.\"People residing in posh localities consider it below their dignity to 'rub' shoulders with their domestic helpers, chauffeurs and maid servants who also land up at the same booth to exercise their vote\" said an official of election commission.He added that the problem lies in the mindset of the people.Many elderly people who were not exercising their democratic rights from past few elections too came out to the polling booths, availing the transport facility.\"Its good that the transport were allowed near the booths, this is what made me hear the EVM's beep once again. Being, 90 year old, I am unable to reach my polling booth, nearly half-a-kilometer far from my home,\" said Shivakant Bajpai, resident of Ward number 56.Similar words were echoed by Shanti Devi who is 89 year old and came to vote in with her family in her private conveyance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14438615", "title": "Pak may have done Sarabjit U-turn under jihadi pressure", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's U-turn on an order for the release of Sarabjit Singh , the Indian dubbed a spy and condemned to death for bombings 22 years ago, set off speculation on Wednesday about whether the decision, attributed to President Asif Ali Zardari's office, was made under pressure from the powerful Islamists.The report on the midnight drama, which saw another lifer called Surjeet Singh being released instead of Sarabjit, appeared in many copies of TOI on Wednesday. While Sarabjit's heartbroken family blamed pressure from Islamic fundamentalists, many Pakistani observers, too, pointed out that the Jamaat-e-Islami and the Jamaat-ud Dawa had condemned the move to free Sarabjit. The JuD, which is the Lashkar's front, tweeted, \"Not a single demand for samjhota Terrorists &amp; innocent Pakistanis in Ind Jails, instead convicted terrorist sirabjit allowd to live shame.(sic)\"Pakistan's Geo TV anchor Hamid Mir, who did a talk show on Sarabjit's release on Tuesday night, told TOI that the government had changed its mind following a strong reaction from opposition parties, including ones with no representation in parliament. Mir said with Sarabjit's release Zardari wanted to convey a strong message to the apex court which had earlier turned down his clemency plea for the bodyguard of Pakistan's property tycoon Malik Riaz.The PML-N's reaction came during Mir's talk show after he aired a recorded confession of Sarabjit on the blasts. \"How can you pardon a person who has confessed before camera that he was responsible for several terror acts in Pakistan,\" asked PML-N lawmaker Khwaja Saad Rafiq.Shiekh Waqas Ahmed of the PML-Q, who was recently inducted as federal minister in the new cabinet, had defended reports of Sarabjit's release and even claimed that he had checked from his sources that the president had awarded clemency for Sarabjit as his case was one of mistaken identity. \"We must reciprocate after the release of Pakistani virologist Dr Khalil Chishty by Indian authorities. I think President Zardari's move will send a positive signal across the border,\" Shiekh Waqas had said. But hours later, his sources were proved wrong by Zardari's spokesman.It took more than eight hours for Pakistan to retract the report that Zardari had commuted to life the death sentence of Sarabjit. Until late Tuesday, officials were constantly telling the Pakistani media that the man being released was Sarabjit. They even quoted law minister Farooq H Naek as having ordered his release. All local TV stations quoted Naek except the official channel, PTV News, and the state-owned wire service, Associated Press of Pakistan, which ignored the story.At 12.05am on Wednesday, exactly eight hours after news of Sarabjit's release broke, presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babur stunned journalists with a clarification that authorities had taken steps for the release of another Indian prisoner named Surjeet Singh. \"I think there is some confusion. First, it is not a case of pardon. More importantly, it is not Sarabjit. It is Surjeet Singh, son of Sucha Singh. His death sentence was commuted in 1989 by President Ghulam Ishaq Khan on the advice of (then premier ) Benazir Bhutto ,\" Babur said.While many Pakistani dailies called it an international embarrassment, observers said it seriously dented the credibility of the president's office. \"The government's non-serious approach about clarification raises doubts about its credibility on all fronts,\" said Nazrul Islam, an Islamabad-based political analyst. \"The silence of the official news channel at a time when anonymous government officials were confusing millions of people with wrong information indicated that it could have been pre-planned,\" Nazar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14462792", "title": "Two more Amarnath pilgrims die, toll rises to 8", "text": "SRINAGAR: Two more Amarnath pilgrims died due to cardiac arrest taking the toll to eight.Body of an unidentified 55-year-old pilgrim was recovered from Pissu top along the traditional Pahalgam-cave route in Anantnag district on Thursday morning, a police spokesman said.Subash Chand (40), a resident of Punjab, breathed his last at the Baltal base camp in Ganderbal district late on Wednesday night.With this, the death toll in the Amarnath pilgrimage has risen to eight.So far 61,200 pilgrims have visited the cave shrine and offered their prayers, the spokesman said.Among them, 22,810 pilgrims paid their obeisance at the cave shrine on Wednesday, he said.Meanwhile, another batch of 2,693 pilgrims today left the Jammu base camp for 13,500 feet high Amarnath shrine.The pilgrims comprising 1,793 men, 490 women, 150 children and 260 sadhus left in a cavalcade of 92 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 0500 hours for the shrine, a police official said.With today's batch, as many as 12,465 pilgrims have left Jammu in five batches for their onward journey to cave shrine of Amarnath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447784", "title": "Gujarat cops to seek Jundal's custody", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The in-charge DGP of Gujarat, Chittaranjan Singh, said on Wednesday that Gujarat police shall seek the custody of Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal, who was one of the 26/11 plotters.\"He had also acted to avenge the 2002 riots,\" Singh said. \"He was instrumental in getting an improvised explosive device made of RDX planted on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad Karnavati Express. He was also behind the terror indoctrination of several youths of Gujarat.\" Singh said Jundal had sent these youths for terrorist training to Pakistan. \"Since 2006, we have been looking for this terror operative. We shall approach the Delhi and Mumbai police for custody of this man,\" Singh said.The blast at Ahmedabad railway station had taken place early on February 19, 2006. It was a Sunday. At 1.43 am, a powerful explosion rocked the station leaving 25 injured. It was pure luck that there were not many people when the explosion took place. Investigations had revealed that Jundal was the bomb-maker.The incident was probed by Gujarat ATS and five persons were arrested. Mohammed Aslam alias Aslam Kashmiri alias Mohammed Yunus was the fifth accused to be arrested and charged in this case, in 2010. Earlier, a police constable Kamlesh Bhagora, Mohammed Ilyas Memon, Mohammed Aamir and Saiyed Aqib were arrested in the case.In the chargesheet, ATS had termed the terror attack an attempt to avenge the riots. According to the cops, the accused had carried out the blast at the behest of Pakistan-based terror outfit, Lashkar-e-Taiba. Four others including Jundal were wanted in the case.Jundal and Aslam were active in Gujarat for five years before the blast at Ahmedabad railway station. \"Our investigations revealed that the duo had set up sleeper cells of LeT in Gujarat,\" said a police official. \"They had also helped some of the indoctrinated youths to cross over to Pakistan for training in subversive activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449194", "title": "Pressure to be better at Sec 7 CPWD colony", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of Sector 7 are facing the problem of water shortage. The municipal corporation had assured that they will provide water with more pressure so that it reaches even the upper storeys of houses. But this is just a temporary solution as the permanent solution lies with the central public works division (CPWD). On Wednesday a joint meeting of representatives of the MC, CPWD and residents was held with a view to come up with a solution. In total 1,500 houses are there in the CPWD locality and around 6,000 people live there.All these families have had to put up with water shortage of late. The Central government employees residents' welfare society president N K Jhingan said that they had met the MC authorities because for the past couple of days they were not getting proper water supply even on the ground floor. He said that they were not satisfied with the temporary solution (providing water at increased pressure) but then they have no choice but to wait for a permanent solution \u2014 installation of a tubewell in the locality.MC's superintending engineer, public health, R C Diwan said, the CPWD authorities at the meeting had agreed in principle over the installation of a tubewell but as that would take time, so the MC had decided to increase the water pressure. He said that the actual problem lay with the water supply lines. These lines laid down by the CPWD are very old and are of 1.5 to 2 inch in diameter whereas the requirement is a minimum 3 inch diameter. Since the area doesn't come under their jurisdiction so they have asked CPWD to change the pipelines too, added Diwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445670", "title": "Dissolve assembly if DV Sadananda Gowda replaced, suggest loyalists", "text": "BANGALORE: Ministers loyal to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda have suggested he dissolve the assembly if there is any leadership change.At the meeting convened by Gowda at his official residence Anugraha on Wednesday evening, loyalists questioned the proposed visit of BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan. \"Why should he come now without informing the CM? If the party has decided to change the leader, let them call Gowda to Delhi and settle the issue,\" a senior minister at the meeting said.While state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa was informed of Pradhan's arrival, Gowda didn't get any formal intimation from the central leader. Pradhan, expected to be here on June 29 &amp; 30, is likely to seek legislators' opinion on leadership change and convey it to party bosses in Delhi. Former CM B S Yeddyurappa is demanding Gowda be replaced by rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar.\"If the party really wants to change the leadership, let them consider Eshwarappa as he is a senior member and commands respect. This doesn't mean we don't have respect for Shettar,\" a minister at the meeting said.At the meeting, Gowda reportedly expressed his unhappiness about reports on change of guard. He is believed to have asked them why the issue has suddenly cropped up again and that too at a time when he is ensuring corruption-free and transparent administration. \"What mistake have I committed and why is the party thinking of replacing me?\" he said. Ministers Varthur R Prakash, C P Yogeshwara, S Suresh Kumar , A Narayanaswamy, B N Bachhe Gowda and S A Ramdas among those present.Gowda has been asked by central leaders to come alone to the capital on June 30. There's talk that the decision to change or continue Gowda would be taken on July 3 as top BJP leaders, including party parliamentary board members, are expected to be present during BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's son wedding reception in Delhi on July 2.The party wants the new chief minister to be appointed after a private discussion. When Gowda was chosen as BJP legislature party leader last year, the party had to bow to Yeddyurappa's demand for a secret ballot. \"No voting, no division will take place this time,\" a senior party leader said.Meanwhile, municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi has threatened to destabilize the BJP government if there's any move to replace Gowda. \"For government formation, the support of 113 MLAs is required, but to destabilize the government, just 13 MLAs are needed. Gowda is doing a good job as CM, so there's no need to replace him,\" Jarkiholi said.Trying to put up a brave front, Gowda has decided to release 'Four Years of Embracing Performance', a book on the BJP government's performance.Filed by Anil/ Cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448261", "title": "Tatkal website can't keep up with demand, admit IRCTC officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Try booking a tatkal train ticket online at 8am when booking counters and the web portal open simultaneously, and you will invariably find the website hanging frequently. Do not expect the situation to improve dramatically as IRCTC, the agency that runs the site, has plainly said it cannot meet the surging demand.A GM-level IRCTC official said there were simply too many users, especially ahead of festivals and summer vacations.\"We have seen a peak of 13,000 hits per minute during the first 10-15 minutes from 8am. Our capacity is 1,500-2,000 successful transactions a minute. There isn't much we can do at the moment to meet the shortfall,\" the official said.\"We have ensured our system is as tout-free as possible. For faster usage, we have installed iridium servers, increased bandwidth and worked on ways to increase server capacity. But the demand keeps on rising,\" said an official. He added that CRIS, the company that set up the website, had been told about the problems.IRCTC officials also said scaling up online bookings beyond a point too was also not desirable as that would deprive customers buying tickets from railway counters, especially in remote areas.TOI spoke to a large number of railway portal users and the most common complaint was that the website had slowed considerably in the past couple of months. Satish Tripathi, an executive in a private company, said he gave up trying to buy a ticket to Lucknow after trying online. \"I logged out as it was taking too long. The website hanged several times during the booking process,\" he said.Users said clicking the 'book' icon, which appears during e-ticketing, does not guarantee a booking. \"At times, even after completing the booking, the website at the end displays the message, 'service currently unavailable'. And, then one has to go through the process again,\" rued Rita Mishra, a user.Passengers also complained that often the ticket would not be booked even after the online payment is made.IRCTC has so far added 52 servers and plans to add 18 more. \"But scaling up is not the only solution. If we were to increase our bandwidth to unlimited capacity, people in rural areas, who don't have net access will always be deprived of Tatkal (reservations made a day ahead) tickets since all will be booked within the first 15 minutes of counters opening at 8am,\" IRCTC chief Rakesh Kumar Tandon recently said in an interview to The Economic Times.The IRCTC said it had taken strong action to stop touts. A total of 5,26,517 multiple user IDs and 44,187 IDs created by agents had been deactivated till date. \"Single user registration on one e-mail ID with email verification has been implemented and individual users are permitted to book only two tickets between 8 and 10am. Mobile validation of users and single user registration on one mobile number has been implemented and mobile booking application has been launched for individual registered users of IRCTC. Single session per user ID check has been implemented. With this step, a user on irctc.co.in will be able to open his account for booking of e-tickets only once,\" said a senior IRCTC official on condition of anonymity.However, a UP STF officer, who had busted a gang of railway touts in Lucknow, said the website could be tweaked. \"The accused travel agents used a software to tweak the system and make their bookings at nine times the original speed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "14449832", "title": "Celebrating the tree of love", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Where humans have failed, a tree, standing at Gurbhajan Gill's SBS Nagar residence, has been bridging the gaps between people's heart across the Indo-Pak border. Known as \" Mohabbat da boota\" (tree of love), it is a strikingly beautiful 'Ghab' tree, which has earned a lot of admirers in Ludhiana and Lahore.When city resident Sumedha Singh took her seven-year-old son to show him the tree, he was amused with its unusual leaves. \"When he was told it came from Pakistan, my son started loving the neighbouring nation, despite having thought of it as an enemy country till then,\" says Sumedha.Between April to May, this tree has blood-red coloured leaves, making him unique in its appearance.\"It is not just Gurbhajan, but everyone who has witnessed this plant grow has a special attachment to it, as it reminds us of the connection we have with Pakistan,\" says Mohinder Singh, who resides in the same locality.\"Mohabbat da boota\" is not just loved by Ludhianvis, but has also developed a noticeable fan following from Pakistan, as many neighbours from have visited Gill's house from across the border to see and admire this serene symbol of a discrete connection. Harpeet Singh, who works with the administration department at Punjab Agricultural University, says, \"This tree signifies the lines on land do not have an effect on blossoming of love. It is we who intend to separate the people who were originally one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439858", "title": "Higher Secondary students lose out in admission race", "text": "KOLKATA: The percentile system was meant to ensure a level playing field for students seeking admission to colleges in Kolkata. But few colleges introduced it and instead, came up with their own formulae, costing the local board students dear. In fact, it turned out to be a boon for CBSE, ISC and other outstation board students, who have bagged the lion's share of berths in leading city colleges.A survey of city colleges on Wednesday revealed that the toppers in the first merit list were from CBSE, ISC or other boards in most of the honours subjects. Such is the dominance of students from other boards that all seats for subjects which are in demand across top colleges have been bagged by them, leaving no option for Higher Secondary students but to wait for a vacancy in the second merit list.The state government had asked the colleges to switch to a percentile system during admissions in colleges to offer a level playing field to all boards. But despite the instruction, which was not informed to colleges in writing, most of them refrained from introducing the system. They rather chose to calculate the cut-off marks based on their unique formulae. As a result, it has come of little help for students of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council (WBHSC) students.Of the first 70 English honours seats at Asutosh College, only 14 students have been bagged by WBHSC students while 56 have been awarded to those from other boards. In psychology, seven seats have been bagged by WBHSC candidates among the 40 seats available.At Bethune College, all 18 psychology seats in the first merit list have been bagged by students from other boards, leaving no scope for WBHSC candidates. \"They will have to wait for the second list to be published,\" said a college teacher. The first rank from WBHSC is at 46 on the merit list in general category. Only 10 of the 44 seats have been clinched by HS candidates in English. The first nine among 10 positions in the chemistry honours merit list have gone to students of other boards. Only 12 students are from HS among 36 seats in the subject. And in economics, all 31 seats have gone to other boards. The first name that appears from WBHSC in economics is at 40th rank.St Xavier's College has come out with merit lists for boards separately, ensuring a level playing field for all. Admissions in Lady Brabourne College have been done completely on percentile system. \"There is no scope for any discrimination against boards. Percentile system is the only accepted method which can eradicate discriminations and offers equal opportunity to all the boards,\" said principal Siuli Sarkar. In Jadavpur University, too, separate lists have been brought out for WBHSC students and candidates from other boards. At Maulana Azad College, too, authorities have followed the percentile system. These are however exceptions.At Bidhan Nagar College, 34 students among the first 50 in the merit list selected for English honours are from other boards. In micro biology, 17 among the top 50 candidates are from WBHSC while the rest are from other boards. In economics, only 10 out of the first 50 names in general category merit list are from WBHSC.At Scottish Church College, the first three names in English honours are from other boards. In Dinabandhu Andrews College, most of the first three positions in almost every subject were bagged by students from other boards. \"Is there a definite conclusion that students from other boards secure better marks than WBHSC candidates? Moreover, we followed our unique index formulae. It is a combination of the aggregate and subject marks. The university did not send us any instruction regarding implementing percentile system. Hence, we stuck to our earlier admission rules,\" said principal of the college, Somnath Mukhopadhyay.At Shri Shikshayatan College, only 5 students among 30 in the history first merit list are from WBHSC. In botany, eight students are from WBHSC of the 26 names in the first merit list in general category and there are no students in economics from HS who could make it to the first 33 names.Muktinath Chattopadhyay, president of WBHSC, said: \"The students from other boards definitely have an edge over HS candidates in case of arts subjects since they are awarded more marks. But in science, HS candidates need not worry as many students on the first list who are from other boards will opt out of general courses.\"Though the state government has increased the number of seats by 10% this year, too, like last year, it has come as little respite for WBHSC candidates who have no option but to wait for the second merit list, which shall be published in some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14457917", "title": "Dropout from schools still a big concern in rural West Bengal: Report", "text": "KOLKATA: Two years after implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, a survey has found that implementing it still poses a challenge in rural West Bengal.\"While doing an intensive field survey in several districts in West Bengal, it has been observed with concern that though the Act is in place, underprivileged children are often being denied of their rights,\" the survey conducted by Child Rights and You (CRY) co-partnered by West Bengal Education Network (WBEN) said.After two months of extensive survey, a WBEN report found that 1,210 children from the nine districts dropped out of schools before completing their education.\"The data shows that all is not well in West Bengal as far as far as the implementation of the Right To Education is concerned,\" it said.\"Data on school drop-out children, collected by WBEN, was submitted to the appropriate authority.\"CRY spokesperson Satya Gopal Dey said, \"Our organisation believes that each and every child has rights to access full time formal school. Building public awareness is absolutely necessary.\"The districts surveyed were South and North-24 Parganas, East Midnapore, Hooghly, Burdwan, Bankura, Murshidabad, Malda, and North Dinajpur.Asked about the objective of the campaign, WBEN convenor Dipali Nandi said, \"The purpose is to generate awareness among the common people on several aspects of the Right to Education Act, so that the community can have close vigil on the implementation process.\"Since the enactment of the Act, WBEN, supported by CRY, has organised workshops to sensitise self help groups, community-based organisations and civil society organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441368", "title": "Applicants question utility of PhD joint entrance test", "text": "LUCKNOW: Serious objections have been raised over the joint entrance examination introduced by the state government this year for admissions to PhD courses in various state universities. The examination, alleged applicants, is not only against the norms laid by the University Grant Commission (UGC) but has also not served the purpose for the students because several universities have decided to conduct their examination for admissions.In a memorandum to the chancellor, chief minister and chief justice of Allahabad High Court, applicants have pointed out that the as per the UGC, all universities should admit the M Phil and doctoral students through an exam conducted by it. However, they said, state government conducted a joint entrance test for all state universities but universities in Lucknow and Gorakhpur have refused to take applicants who qualified the test.The purpose of the joint entrance test for PhD was to reduce the financial burden and hassles as earlier students had to apply in different universities separately for admissions. \"But the objective of the test has been defeated as students still have to apply in different universities for enrolment in PhD courses,\" said Nitin Mittal, one of the applicants, who has now approached higher authorities for cancellation of the examination.Mittal also said that the entrance test for PhD was based on the curricula of National Eligibility Test (NET). \"The NET is minimum eligibility required for appointment as teacher in universities and degree colleges. Now, if a student who has already qualified NET, is made to appear in joint entrance test for admissions in PhD courses, the purpose of qualifying NET is also defeated\", Mittal said demanding scrapping of entrance exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444141", "title": "Four National Advisory Council members dropped from panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA is likely to rejig the Sonia Gandh-led National Advisory Council (NAC) with four members of the government think-tank for social sector reforms \u2014 Jean Dreze, M S Swaminathan, Harsh Mander and Madhav Gadgil \u2014 being dropped at the end of their second year tenure.Dreze, an economist and one of the most prominent faces of the NAC, who had strongly advocated for a universal food security, had earlier sought to be relieved after the Council completed its work on the National Food Security Bill.M S Swaminathan is UPA's nominated member in the Rajya Sabha and a towering figure in agricultural sciences, while Madhav Gadgil, a retired academician from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, is well known for his work on people-oriented scientific research on ecology and conservation. Harsh Mander, a bureaucrat-turned- activist, had been a key member of the panel working actively on several social initiatives.The government is yet to officially notify their replacements, though sources suggested talks have been on for a while. Another member of the NAC, Ram Dayal Munda, had passed away in September, 2011, which leaves five empty slots in the Council, if the government seeks to maintain a similar strength on the board.The rejig comes two years after the NAC was set up in 2010, when the government decided to recreate the Council, which was the fountainhead for the Right To Information Act and the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme during UPA's first term.The NAC's second tenure has been rather bumpy as compared to its first term, with the Council facing a difficult time with other arms of the government, including the PMO, on several occasions. It had the most public face-off over the food security bill, with the Planning Commission, the agriculture ministry and the PMO weighing against an expansive scheme that the panel had proposed.It has also faced difficulties with other ministries such as tribal affairs and women and child development over smaller issues.Besides, the big-ticket social sector reforms recommended by NAC, the food security bill, the communal violence bill and land bill are all in a limbo. The government is expected to retain the others as members for the third one-year term of the Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14437550", "title": "Motor vehicles dept books school bus for overloading", "text": "KOCHI: The enforcement wing of the motor vehicles department (MVD) on Wednesday booked a school bus of St. Mary's Convent School on Market Road that was carrying about 140 students near Mammangalam.According to the enforcement officials, the vehicle was carrying more than the allowed number of students.The officials filed a chargesheet against the bus driver and released the bus on the condition that it should be brought to the regional transport officer's office after dropping the students. Later, the school authorities were summoned and they had to pay a fine of Rs 5,000.According to the regulations issued by the state transport authority, autorickshaws can carry up to six students while vehicles such as Omni vans and buses can only carry double the number of its seating capacity. A motor vehicles department official said that this regulation is applicable only to students up to the upper primary section. According to the officials, there is an increase in the number of school vehicles violating regulations issued by the transport department.In the last two weeks, the law enforcement officials booked around 45 school vehicles for various offences and violation of regulations for transporting school students.Of the 45 school vehicles booked, eight vehicles were booked for plying without speed governors, 16 for overloading, six for plying without 'on school duty' board and 15 drivers for driving without the minimum driving experience of 10 years.An official in the transport department said that despite their continued monitoring, many school vehicles are still transporting students violating regulations.The enforcement drives to check the irregularities in school vehicles would be intensified in the coming days, the official added.School vehicles booked for various offences in the last two weeksNo speed governor - 8Overloading - 16No 'on school duty' board - 6Inexperienced drivers - 15Total 45Allowed number of students in each category of vehicleAuto rickshaw - 6Omni van - 14Bus - 92Other vehicles - double the seating capacityThe enforcement wing of motor vehicles department (MVD) on Wednesday booked a school bus of St. Mary's Convent School on Market road that was carrying about 140 students near Mammangalam. According to enforcement officials, the vehicle was carrying more than the allowed number of students.The officials filed a charge sheet against the bus driver and released the bus on the condition that it should be brought to RTO's office after dropping students. Later, the school authorities were summoned and they paid a fine of Rs 5,000.According to the regulations issued by the state transport authority auto rickshaws can carry up to six students while vehicles such as Omni vans and buses can only carry double the number of its seating capacity. An MVD official said that this regulation is applicable only to students up to the upper primary section.According to officials, there is an increase in the number of school vehicles violating regulations issued by the transport department. In the last two weeks, the law enforcement officials booked about 45 school vehicles for various offences and violation of regulations for transporting students.Of the 45 school vehicles booked, eight vehicles were booked for plying without speed governors, 16 for overloading, six for plying without 'on school duty' board and 15 drivers for driving without the minimum driving experience of 10 years. An official in the department said that despite their continued monitoring, school vehicles many are still transporting students violating many regulations. The enforcement drives to check the irregularities in school vehicles would be intensified in the coming days, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14438024", "title": "Farmer axed to death over land dispute in Warangal", "text": "WARANGAL: Dispute over an agricultural land has led to the murder of a farmer in Tallaookallu village in Warangal's Maripeda mandal late on Tuesday. An uneasy calm prevailed in the village on Wednesday even as police took 15 persons into custody for questioning in connection with the killing of Nandarapu Ramanna, who was axed to death outside his house. He was 40.It was learnt that Ramanna was attacked by his close relatives who fled the spot after committing the crime. Locals, who spotted Ramanna lying in a pool of blood, informed the cops.Sources said Ramanna, who was a TDP sympathizer, was involved in a running feud over a piece of farmland with his relatives, who are associated with the Congress. Now, with news of the incident spreading, TDP has decried it as a political murder. Party politburo member and former minister Kadiyam Srihari, Palakurthy MLA Errabelli Dayakar Rao, Dornakal MLA Satyawati Rathod and former MLA Vem Narender Reddy took part in Ramanna's funeral procession in Tallaookallu.But there was drama in the village with family members of the deceased staging a dharna with his body demanding arrest of the attackers and payment of compensation.Dayakar Rao demanded suspension of local SI Abdul Rahman for failing to round up the killers. With the situation remaining tense, Mahabubabad deputy SP A Ramadevi visited the village and said a police picket has been put up to avoid any untoward incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14448727", "title": "Fatty food ads triggering obesity epidemic", "text": "LONDON: A picture not only can say a thousand words, but it can also be worth a thousand calories, as a new study has found that images of fatty food can trigger your hunger pangs, leading to overeating and obesity. Scientists at the University of Southern California in the US found that just looking at images of high calorie food stimulates the brain's appetite control centre and results in an increased desire for food.\"This stimulation of the brain's reward areas may contribute to overeating and obesity ,\" said Dr Kathleen Page, who led the study.\"We thought this was a striking finding, because the current environment is inundated with advertisements showing images of high-calorie foods,\" he was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.In the study, the researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to look at brain responses of a group of obese young Hispanic women , who were at risk of continuous weight gain.Each participant had two fMRI scans as they viewed images of high calorie foods, such as ice cream and cupcakes , as well as low calorie foods like fruit and veg, and non-food pics.After each set of images, participants rated their hunger and desire for either sweet or savoury foods on a scale of one to ten, drinking 50 grams of glucose on one occasion and fructose on another halfway through the scans.As fMRI measures blood flow to the brain, regions with increased blood flow indicated greater activity. The team measured which brain regions were activated when viewing images and how sugar intake influenced this.Results showed simply viewing high calorie food images activated brain regions that control appetite and reward , compared to pictures of non foods. Viewing pictures of high calorie food also significantly increased ratings of hunger and desire for sweet and savoury foods, the researchers said.They also found ratings of hunger and desire for savoury food were higher after drinking either sugar beverage - but fructose produced greater activation of brain regions involved in reward and motivation for food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460508", "title": "Pawan\u2019s dialogues from Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu", "text": "Although, power star Pawan Kalyan's new movie \"Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu\" commenced shooting only a fortnight ago, the film has hit the headlines for several times. After being in the news for leaked dialogues and crowd mobbing the film's sets, Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu in again on everybody's lip for few more one liners, which are being circulated in the social networking sites. Check out some of the dialogues uttered by Pawan Kalyan.Orey, Ninnu Kotteyyalanukuntunna ra... Velli Manushulni TecchukoVeedu manchoda, cheddoda, tikkodaa... ani telusukodaniki try cheyaku... nee gunde ki, brain ki unna connection cut ipoddhiGoondalaki, Gudumba kaasevallaki bayapadataniki nenu police ni, political leader ni kaadhu... Press ...Press", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433418", "title": "Corruption again", "text": "The Virbhadra Singh case highlights the need for electoral reformYet another corruption charge has hit the UPA government. Virbhadra Singh, Union minister for small and medium enterprises, is the third minister in UPA-II to quit the cabinet following corruption charges, after A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran . No less troubling is the inordinate time it takes for the judicial system to even frame charges, let alone dispose of cases. For instance Singh, also Himachal Pradesh's former chief minister, has been charged in a case dating back to 1989. Only now has the trial court framed charges, relating to questionable monetary transactions.Coming ahead of Himachal's crucial assembly polls this December, the latest controversy heightens the Congress's as well as UPA's discomfiture. Following its recent assembly poll debacles, Congress hopes to put up a strong electoral challenge against Himachal's present BJP dispensation, also under a shadow of corruption. Singh himself hopes to return to state politics, where he had five stints as chief minister.The episode points to a fundamental question, relating to our flawed electoral system. Can the demand for a cleaner administration be delinked from revamping the electoral process, to bar tainted candidates from contesting local, state and national elections? It's here that the UPA government can seize the initiative by passing proposed amendments to the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which would debar candidates facing serious criminal charges \u2014 such as murder, kidnapping, sexual assault and so on \u2014 from contesting elections. It must also add big-ticket corruption to the list of crimes inviting disqualification.The usual complaint against such amendments is that they will abet the framing of politically motivated charges by the government of the day against its opponents. But the issue has been addressed as the proposed amendments also advocate the setting up of special tribunals in high courts that will deliver a judgment, within 15 days, on whether such charges are indeed politically motivated. Such an amended law would be a radical improvement on the existing situation, where even if a sitting MP or MLA is convicted of a criminal charge and sentenced to more than two years midway through his term, he can continue to hold on to his seat for the rest of his term by appealing to a higher court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460389", "title": "Pakistani singers denied visa for Cocktail music launch", "text": "Now the makers plan to have the music launch in London where both Indian and Pakistani singers who feature in the 'Cocktail' soundtrack can perform.The album of Saif Ali Khan's upcoming film Cocktail has received superb audience reactions and with that four Pakistani talented singers make their debut in India. Keeping in mind their great music, the makers had planned a lavish music launch celebration.The makers of Cocktail had planned a huge unplugged evening - an evening, where one would get to see jugal bandi of Indian and Pakistani musicians. The event would have certainly gathered a huge crowed as it was being organized in a well know amphitheatre in Bandra.However things didn't go as per the plan. Unfortunately the Pakistani singers couldn't get visas to come to India, because of which the music launch idea had to be scrapped.Among the well know singers of Pakistan include Imran Aziz Mia, a singer who does a special form of qawwali in which you fight with God. Aziz Mia, his father has been one of the main qawwals from Pakistan and Imran has followed his footsteps.Javed Bashir is already a known face in the Pakistani music scene, his control over qawwali and classical is unique and he has been the lead singer of the Mikal Hassan band in Pakistan.Arif Lohar is one of the biggest Punjabi folk singers of Pakistan and his father Alam Lohar was the pioneer of Punjabi folk music. Sahir Ali Bagga is a very talented singer composer.Now the producers are planning to keep this event in London where concurrently both Indian and Pakistani singers will get to celebrate with ease. Keeping in mind the excitement and thrill, they will make sure it will be a worthwhile event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443130", "title": "Inter-state gang of four-wheeler thieves busted", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police have busted an inter-state gang involved in stealing four-wheelers from Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh and selling it in Pune, Beed and Jalgaon after changing its number plates.The police have arrested six members of the gang and seized seven vehicles worth over Rs 30.5 lakh.The arrested suspects are Tushar Yewale and Sanjay Aghav, both residents of Kharadi; Vikramsingh Rathod and Lakshraj alias Punit Rathod, both from Rajasthan; Washid alias Haji Shaikh and Mohammad Khan , both from Madhya Pradesh.The gang was busted after Yewale and Aghav were arrested on June 21 for planning to sell an Indica car with fake number plate and documents, following a tip off received by sub-inspector Chimaji Madhe.The Indica car belongs to Suryakant Jadhav of Jamkhed in Ahmednagar. Yewale and Aghav replaced the number plate MH16/Q8627 registered with the Regional Transport Office (RTO) at Ahmednagar to MH23/N6284 and forged the documents to show that the car was registered with the Beed RTO.Interrogation of Yewale and Aghav led to the arrest of other four suspects. According to the police, Vikramsingh Rathod and Punit Rathod, who are criminals on record of the Rajasthan police, would steal four-wheelers by using master keys. The vehicles would be handed over to agents Shaikh and Khan. Yewale and Aghav would find customers for the vehicles in Pune.The police have identified two more suspects, involved in forging of documents, but refused to reveal their names fearing that they may go absconding.The Rathods have 17 vehicle theft cases registered against them in Rajasthan, while investigations have revealed their involvement in three more cases.Senior inspector Kishore Jadhav said the gang displayed sticker of the Army and sign board of the Madhya Pradesh government for evading toll while transporting the stolen vehicles to various places.The policemen responsible for the arrests under the guidance of assistant commissioner of police (Khadki division) Prakash Garge and inspector (crime) Shivaji Shinde are: Chimaji Madhe, Prakash More, Vitthal Kalokhe, Yashwant Khandare, Mohan Walke, Satish Shinde, Sandesh Waghmare, Chetan Gaikwad, Kiran Khedkar, Milind Kadam and Nana Pature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439708", "title": "Visually impaired man killed in Bhagwatipara", "text": "RAJKOT: A 40-year-old person suffering from night blindness was murdered in the city on Tuesday night when he tried to intervene in a scuffle near his house.According to police, the deceased has been identified as Bharat Vishodiya, a resident of Bhagwatipara area. At around 10 pm on Tuesday, Vishodiya came out of his home after hearing about a fight. He thought his younger brother Dinesh was involved in the ruckus and went to inquire about it.Police said assuming that some people are quarrelling with his brother, Vishodiya told Bodu, Hussain, Ravi and Rafiq not to quarrel. Meanwhile, these four persons turned to Vishodiya and attacked him.He was injured seriously and was rushed to the civil hospital but attending doctors declared him brought dead.When his family members -- wife Viju, mother Parvati and brother Dinesh -- went to save him, the accused also injured them.The complaint was filed with B-division police station against the four persons and police have arrested Hussain and Rafiq.According to sources, Vishodiya was a truck driver, but after losing vision four years ago, he used to stay at home. He is survived by his wife and four children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "credits  director", "code": "14462328", "title": "Aalaap", "text": "Credits  Director: Manish Manikpuri Cast: Amit Purohit, Ruhi Chaturvedi, Harsh Rajput, Pitobash, Aabid Shamim, Vijay Raaz, Abhimanyu Singh, Murli Sharma, Raghuveer Yadav, Krishna Shrivastava and Onkardas Manikpuri and Gamya Wijayadasa Producer: Filmy Box and Shri Shankaracharya Arts SynopsisAalaap is the journey of a rockband- a band that promises to be the voice of the youth, a band that promises to fight violence with music...In a terrain infested with naxalism, these four young men set off on the journey to change the world, knowing well that they may need to give the ultimate sacrifice in an effort to gain what they have set out to get.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443114", "title": "Corporates can play a role in maintaining city roads: Pandhre", "text": "PUNE: The city roads may have a new look with proper road signage, lane markings and zebra crossings, if a proposal by the traffic branch is implemented. The traffic authorities have made a suggestion to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar that roads could be handed over to corporate companies and prominent road developers who would maintain them with signage and zebra crossings and also provide other facilities for road users.If the road conditions are improved, the number of traffic violations as well as accidents would come down significantly. Roads with proper signage and facilities will also help in improving vehicular traffic and reducing the hardships of pedestrians and cycle users, the proposal says.The traffic branch has suggested that the Pune Municipal Corporation can act as a facilitator for handing over the roads to corporate companies and prominent road developers. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, who made the suggestion to Pawar during a meeting to discuss traffic issues on Tuesday, said that the companies could take up the work as part of their corporate social responsibility.Pandhre said that road users face severe problems because of absence of signage, lane markings and other facilities. \"No-parking signs are not clear at many places. At some places zebra crossings are missing or not painted at proper locations. All these problems could be solved if the roads are handed over to corporate companies,\" he said, adding that the suggestion has found favour with the PMC and that it would be reviewed at the next meeting in July.The traffic branch has also suggested formation of a committee comprising the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations, PMPML, cantonment boards, railways, NGOs and other stake holders. Pawar himself should chair the committee and hold review meetings once in two months to ensure that all suggestions related to traffic improvement works are implemented, the traffic branch added.Pandhre said that a proposal for providing terminals for private tourist buses and trucks was also made at the meeting. \"There are no permanent parking facilities for tourist buses or trucks coming to Pune. Temporary solutions would not work,'' he said.Movement of heavy vehicles through the city should be curbed, Pandhre said. This problem can be solved if the Katraj-Kondhwa Road and the Theur Phata to Wagholi Road are strengthened, he added.Speaking to reporters after the meeting on Tuesday, Pawar said that the state road development corporation has started work on the outer ring road. The PMC should co-ordinate with the state transport corporation to set up bus stands at Katraj, Baner and Kharadi so that outbound buses do not enter the city, he had said.The minister also asked the civic officials to take immediate decision on operation of CCTV cameras installed to keep watch on traffic rules violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448461", "title": "31 colonies get notice for illegal water lines", "text": "GURGAON: At a time when the city is suffering from water shortage, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has issued notices to 31 group housing societies in Sector 56 for having unauthorized water and sewerage connection with the HUDA lines.HUDA stumbled upon this development during a recent check of the records of the housing societies. TOI has copies of the notices that were issued to the housing societies who had been using the HUDA line without paying for the services. The payment dues arising from unauthorized water and sewerage connections in 31 colonies might be well over several lakhs of rupees. \"It is a serious issue that the residents evaded paying HUDA the maintenance charges for the pipelines,\" said a HUDA official.HUDA sources say there is no data regarding the amount of water that has being drawn by the colonies and have no idea since when they have been doing so.All the erring housing colonies were informed that the sewerage and water connections would be cut off and an FIR would be registered against them for tampering with the HUDA lines.\"A team has been formed to cut all the connection lines of the colonies. The HUDA administrator is monitoring the situation,\" said a senior HUDA official. The official also said that the private builders of these colonies will face a hefty penalty for the illegal connection.The city gets 43 million gallon of water daily from the Basai plant. All HUDA sectors receive water through the master pipelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14445121", "title": "Bharati Cements still a Jaganmohan Reddy company: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising doubts about the sale of Bharati Cements to a French firm by Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy, the CBI on Wednesday told the AP high court that the investigating agency was investigating into a hawala angle in the sale on the suspicion that the money said to have been paid by the French company actually belonged to Jagan.\"What else would explain the rationale behind the current scenario wherein Jagan's wife Bharati continues to be the chairperson of Bharati Cements despite them selling the majority 51% stake to French cement maker Vicat?\" CBI special counsel Ashok Bhan stated before Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the HC while opposing Jagan's bail plea. With a minority stake of 49%, Bharati Cements is still being managed by Jagan, he contended.According to Bhan, all the investments into the Jagan firms came only after his late father YSR handed over the sanction letters and GOs allotting mines, lands, SEZs, permits etc to private beneficiaries in a quid pro quo deal. \"The AP high court, which handed over the probe to the CBI, quantified the loss to the state exchequer on account of such deals at Rs 43,000 crore. YSR acted with an undue haste in making these allotments and a majority of the investments in Jagan firms came a day after these allotments,\" Bhan said.Appearing for Jagan, senior counsel Ram Jethmalani told the court that the CBI had played a fraud on the courts in executing the MP's arrest. When Jagan sought anticipatory bail from the HC just a day before his arrest, the CBI informed the court that it had sent him notice to appear before it on May 25 only to question and ascertain certain facts from him. Later it arrested him after questioning for three days. This is nothing but misleading the HC, Jethmalani said. When the trial court had issued summons to Jagan to appear before it on May 28, the CBI arrested him one day before that only to prevent him from campaigning for the bye-elections, he said. When the CBI had filed three chargesheets and the court issued summons to Jagan, the investigation agency should have left things to the process of court, he said.Jethmalani wanted the HC to lay down the law for the entire country as to the scope of police to act in such cases after filing chargesheets. The fact that some witnesses who deposed before the CBI later refrained from deposing before a magistrate cannot be attributed to Jagan's influence, he said. The court will resume hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439724", "title": "Six held for attacking RTI activist", "text": "RAJKOT: Six persons were arrested by Amreli police on Wednesday in connection with the attack on RTI activist Natha Sukhadia (38) on Monday night. Sukhadia, a resident of Devaliya village in Amreli taluka, was attacked by six persons on Monday when he was at his farm.Sukhadia, a farmer, alleged that the attack was carried out at the behest of state agricultural minister and Amreli BJP MLA Dileep Sanghani. Sanghani, however, denied the allegation and termed it as \"politically motivated\".Sukhadia had filed a complaint against six people at Amreli taluka police station.He named Bharat Kathi, Kishor Kathi, Ashok Kathi, Devendra Kathi, Bharat Jebaliya and Raghu Kathi, all residents of Devaliya village, as accused.Police sub-inspector R B Mirza, who registered the complaint, was transferred to police headquarters in Amreli within hours of filing of this complaint.On Wednesday, over 1,500 people from different villages, RTI activists and Leuva Patels gathered at Amreli collector's office and submitted a memorandum to district collector and superintendent of police in this regard. \"I was attacked at the behest agricultural minister Sanghani as I have been using the RTI Act and have made representations at various levels about the irregularities committed by Sanghani and his men in the district,'' Sukhadia alleged. Caste politics in Amreli district has been charged up as Sukhadia is a Leuva Patel and Sanghani is also a Leuva Patel.Sukhadia said when he was sitting at his farm on Monday around 7 pm, these six men came there and attacked him with baseball bats, swords and other lethal weapons. \"Fearing for life, I tried to run away from the spot, but they intercepted me and beat me up. However, some villagers saw it and rushed there when the assailants ran away,'' he said.\"When they attacked me, they were telling me that 'Dileepbhai sathe vat thai gai chhe, tane puro kari devano chhe' (We had discussion with Dileep Sanghani, and we will kill you),'' Sukhadia alleged.Natha was with the BJP and was an elected member of Amreli taluka panchayat between 2000 and 2005.Now, his wife Bhavna is an elected member of Amreli taluka panchayat from the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14457667", "title": "I don\u2019t want to get into the Dirty Picture war: Pooja Bhatt", "text": "After a promo from \"Jism 2\" was granted an 'A' certificate by the Censor Board and deemed unfit for being aired on TV, Pooja Bhatt , the director of the movie, has decided to release it online.On Tuesday, Pooja posted on a microblogging site, \"First music promo for # Jism2 has been given an 'A' certificate. And this was what one could call a truly watered down version... So the deal is this - You can't buy spots on TV for a promo with an 'A' certificate. Which basically means you can't publicize your music!... So will I pare down the promo of #Jism2 to appease the censors? Or release it on the internet &amp; push forward a more sanitized song on TV?\"A while later, she went on to post - \"Absolutely REFUSE to pare my scheduled trailer down to pander to an over cautious Censor board. Will release promo on the internet instead...\" When contacted, Pooja put across her point rather succinctly, \"Frankly, I don't want to get into the \" Dirty Picture \" war (the screening of \" Dirty Picture was disallowed on TV) with anybody.Or even get into that trap of paring my songs with random clips from the movie that are acceptable to the mass audience. Please understand that in my film, all the songs also take the story forward. And let's accept it, I have made a film for a particular audience and by messing up with my promo I will be doing a disservice to my core audience. Arrey, I must be the only idiot in the world to be asking for an 11 pm slot for my film and so, the solution I have found is to simply go on the internet to release the music there. And since we are taking a different route, so why not go the whole hog and release the complete uncensored version?\"Interestingly, while the 'A' certificate has upset Pooja's promo plans, she is positive that the strategy will work. \"The song that we had earmarked for the TV promo was setting in motion the idea of the film, and so it was a crucial juncture which would have aroused people's interest. But now that that is not working out, I will have to use another song for the eventual TV promo, which may not convey the exact idea. But I don't want to disobey the diktat.\"Sense &amp; CensorshipFilmmakers aren't happy with censorship even for promos on TVI had to face the same problem when I began promoting \"Murder 2\". I had to really pare down my content for TV eventually. I also launched two promotion campaigns - one for TV and one for the internet, because the Censors wouldn't allow me to put the unedited promos on TV. While filmmakers are pushing the bar and exploring new content and ideas, authorities are becoming stricter. - Mohit SuriI am totally against such censorship. I mean, what about the other content on TV, they show all sorts of ads where a girl will give you a chocolate if she likes your phone and if I like it I will give you a condom! Or look at all these reality shows where people are cussing and abusing all the while... Is anybody monitoring that? Or is all the monitoring left for films? Someone somewhere really needs to grow up! - Sudhir Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14455905", "title": "Heat wave ebbs marginally as rains drench parts of North India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sweltering heat wave that had much of North India in a stranglehold for over two months eased marginally on Wednesday with sporadic showers in many places pushing down the mercury level.A brief spell of light rains in capital Delhi, however, failed to bring much relief with the mercury level stubbornly staying above normal.The maximum temperature was recorded at 40.2 degrees Celsius, three notches above normal, while the minimum settled at 31 degrees Celsius.After simmering for over a month under an intense hot spell, the desert state of Rajasthan heaved a sigh of relief with the mercury level dropping marginally in many places.Churu remained the hottest in the state with a day temperature of 42.3 degrees Celsius, while SriGanganagar and Bikaner recorded maximums of 41.6 and 39.7 degrees Celsius respectively.According to the MeT department the temperature in many parts of the state dropped below 40 degrees Celsius, bringing respite to people.Kota, Barmer and Jaipur recorded a high of 39.4, 39 and 38.7 degrees Celsius respectively, it said.The heat wave ebbed marginally in Punjab and Haryana as well with the temperature recording a drop of up to three notches.However, a high humidity level of up to 60 per cent played spoilsport and forced most people to remain indoors.Amritsar was the hottest in the region with a high of 41.2 degrees Celsius, three notches above normal, while Hisar and Ludhiana recorded maximums of 40.6 degrees and 38.7 degrees Celsius respectively, both a notch each above normal.Among other places, temperatures at Ambala and Patiala settled at an identical high of 38.1 degrees Celsius, a degree above normal, while Chandigarh saw a maximum of 37 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441591", "title": "IIM-Lucknow sends country's first team to global agribusiness meet", "text": "LUCKNOW: A three-member student team of the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow became the first from India to participate in the International Food and Agribusiness Management Association (IFAMA) Forum and Symposium held earlier this month in Shanghai , China.The team comprising Aditi Joshi, Rahul Kejriwal and Nikhil Shanker, all students of the postgraduate programme in Agribusiness Management, participated in the international case competition and panel discussions where they were reviewed by globally reputed academicians and business leaders.Organised annually, the 22nd edition of this event saw participation from students and academia from leading global colleges such as Purdue University , corporate leaders including the CEO of Nestle , China and Chinese political leaders. Students from IIM-L were led by Prof Jabir Ali of the Centre for Food and Agribusiness Management at IIM-Lucknow. This was Ali's sixth appearance at the IFAMA Symposium, where he also presented three research papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460268", "title": "Have veggies to prevent acute pancreatitis", "text": "A diet rich in vegetables could help stave off the development of the serious condition acute pancreatitis, a new study has suggested.Pancreatitis refers to inflammation of the pancreas - the gland behind the stomach, which, among other things, releases digestive enzymes to break down food.Occasionally these enzymes become active inside the pancreas, and start to digest the gland itself. In up to one in five of those with acute pancreatitis symptoms are severe and potentially life threatening.Previous research had suggested that excessive production of free radicals, which are by-products of cellular activity, is associated with acute pancreatitis.Furthermore, levels of antioxidant enzymes, which mop up free radicals, are increased during an attack.Therefore, the authors of the current study wanted to know if an imbalance in antioxidant levels, associated with dietary factors, might make the pancreas more sensitive to the effects of free radicals and so increase the risk of acute pancreatitis.They tracked the health of a population-based sample of 80,000 adults living in central Sweden for an average of 11 years, following the completion of a comprehensive dietary questionnaire in 1997 on how often they had eaten from a range of 96 food items over the preceding year.Average vegetable and fruit consumption was around 2.5 and just under 2 servings, respectively, every day. In general, those who ate the fewest daily servings of vegetables were men, smokers, and those who had not gone on to higher education.A similar profile was seen for fruit consumption, although people in this group were more likely to drink alcohol and to have diabetes.During the monitoring period, 320 people developed acute pancreatitis that was not associated with the complications of gallstones - a relatively common cause of the condition.The amount of fruit consumed did not seem to influence the risk of developing acute pancreatitis, but this was not the case for vegetables.After taking account of factors likely to influence the results, the analysis showed that those who ate the most vegetables, more than 4 servings a day, were 44 percent less likely to develop acute pancreatitis than were those who ate the least - less than 1 serving a day.The protection afforded by a diet rich in vegetables seemed to be the strongest among those who consumed more than one drink of alcohol a day and those who were overweight (BMI of 25 or more).The risk of developing the condition fell by 71 per cent among drinkers and by 51 per cent among those who were overweight, when comparing those in the highest with those in the lowest, category of vegetable consumption.According to the authors, the most likely explanation for the protective effect of vegetables is the high level of antioxidants they contain.They also added that the reason why fruits did not seem to affect the risk of acute pancreatitis may lie in its fructose content, which might counter the effects of antioxidants.The study has been published online in the journal Gut .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440340", "title": "Three killed in road accident", "text": "JAIPUR: The religious trip of six sadhus of Prem Prakash Panth (sect) to Jaipur from Varodara ended on a tragic note on Wednesday when the car in which they were traveling rammed into a truck at Midani village on the Jaipur-Ajmer highway. Three of the sadhus were killed on the spot while three others were critically injured.Prem Prakash Panth is a progressive religious faith of global Sindhi community having roots with traditions and customs of Sanatan Hindu Dharam.The incident took place during early in the morning when the driver of the car rammed into a stationary truck, police said.The car was badly smashed and all six persons in the vehicle were trapped inside the vehicle. After hearing a blast like sound, some of the villagers reached the spot and attempted to rescue the trapped passengers. Later, when the information reached the police, a rescue team comprising two cranes, gas cutters reached at the spot.\"Three of them were killed on the spot and were identified as Ashok Prakash (56), a native of Varodara, Sant Rajuram (40) from Surat and Sant Kishori Lal (40) who hailed from Faridabad,\" a senior police officer said.The four others, including the driver of the car, sustained multiple injuries some of which were on their heads and were rushed to the SMS hospital. All of them were coming from Varodara to Amarapur Asthan on the MI Road here. Amarapur Asthan a place where followers of this sect from the Sindhi community come together for religious functions.Meanwhile, thousands of devotees of the sect went into deep grief when the news of sudden death of the sadhus reached them. On the demand of the organisers who had actually invited them for a religious function, the bodies of these saints were kept at Amarapura where thousands paid a tearful adieu.Following the development, traffic on MI Road was chaotic as several people came to pay their tributes. The traffic police had a testing time to clear the jam and set up parking areas after the sudden increase in the number of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440117", "title": "Arsenic alarm grips Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: If you live in or around Prince Anwar Shah Road, Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road, Golf Green, Jadavpur or Tollygunge and drink water drawn from tube-wells, better go for an arsenic poisoning test. Hundreds of Kolkatans have started showing the first signs of the illness, but are going unscreened and therefore, without treatment. Traces of arsenic have been found in the urine samples of scores of multi-storey residents of the areas mentioned. Scores of others have reported for treatment at Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) clinics in recent weeks with arsenic-triggered lesions, but have been turned away, for the medics are not trained to identify arsenic poisoning.A study carried out by Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies indicates that a fair number of residents on Prince Anwar Shah Road and Golf Green have been affected. Hair, nail and urine samples of several residents of two multi-storey apartments - Mecon Tower on Prince Anwar Shah Road and at Golf Tower in Golf Green - have been found to contain arsenic traces. While some residents have switched to bottled water, the rest are still drinking arsenic-contaminated water from the neighbourhood tube-wells and deep tube-wells.B B Roy Sarkar, a resident of Mecon Tower, has arsenic traces in his urine. While Roy Sarkar and his family members have stopped consuming water from tube-wells and have switched to filter-cleaned KMC water, they haven't sought treatment or undergone further tests. \"It was scary and we stay away from tube-well water now. Fortunately, we have no symptoms yet. Some of my neighbours have switched to bottled water, but some are still using water from the deep tube-well in the complex,\" said Roy Sarkar. He added that despite being warned about the contamination by the School of Environmental Studies, they have not approached the KMC. The latter is now installing tube-wells in the area despite the fact that it falls within the arsenic-affected zone.\"Water at most multi-storey apartments at Anwar Shah Road, Golf Green and Jadavpur are contaminated. We have repeatedly conducted tests, including one a few weeks back. The average arsenic count has been 199 microgram per litre which is way above the permissible limit of 10 mg/litre. The last test conducted at City High in Bikramgarh revealed an arsenic count of 60 mg, which is alarming,\" said Dipankar Chakraborti, director of the School of Environmental Studies who has been researching on arsenic contamination for the last three decades. He pointed out that a large number of victims were loathe to undergo tests or seek treatment even if they came from affluent, educated backgrounds.Around 20 of the 80 residents of the two apartments buildings who took the arsenic test had traces of the poisonous chemical in their hair and urine samples. \"We also tested the domestic helps and watchmen who consume the building water. At least six of them had arsenic traces. Only a handful have stopped using the contaminated local water, for there is no alternative. In time, they could develop lesions on their hands and feet, other skin diseases, chronic diarrhoea, liver, lung ailments and even cancer ,\" said Chakraborti.What makes the situation even worse is the civic authorities' failure to either screen or treat patients. Hundreds of patients from slums in the fringe areas of Jadavpur, Baishnabghata, Patuli, Bansdroni and Garia are suspected to be suffering from arsenic-poisoning. But they can't be diagnosed or treated due to the absence of trained doctors at KMC clinics. \"It's not easy to identify arsenic-poisoning unless doctors are trained adequately. You need skilled dermatologists for the purpose which we don't have. As a result, patients are being turned away with general medicines. But doctors do suspect that a substantial percentage of these patients could actually be victims of arsenic poisoning,\" said a KMC health official. He added that many of those who visited the clinics had lesions on their limbs that were strikingly similar to those triggered by arsenic.The civic authorities, however, denied that the clinics lacked experts or that suspected patients have been visiting them. \"None of the KMC clinics in any of the 141 wards of Kolkata has received an arsenic patient. If they do, the patient will be referred to a hospital. There's no question of not being able to identify an arsenic victim, for there are none in the fringes of the city,\" claimed Atin Ghosh, MMiC, health.Chakrabarti, on the other hand, pointed out that he has repeatedly approached the KMC with his findings and warned them about the arsenic threat. \"I have written to them about the contamination at multi-storey buildings on Anwar Shah Road and adjoining areas. But they are not ready to accept that arsenic-poisoning exists in Kolkata. We are heading for a disaster,\" said Chakrabarti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14442396", "title": "Farmers stop housing project work in Sec 79", "text": "NOIDA: The land acquisition row took a violent turn in Noida on Wednesday when agitating farmers halted the project of a developer, reportedly thrashed the employees at the site and removed the fencing. The farmers have also decided to move court to claim their land back.Hundreds of farmers reached the project site in Sector 79 and removed the fencing installed by the builder and misbehaved with the employees. Sorkha village headman Naresh Yadav said that both Noida Authority and developers are cheating the farmers. \"As per the October 21, 2011 order of Allahabad high court, the Authority has to give 10% developed plots to farmers. The Authority has to distribute 4 lakh sqm land to the farmers in lieu of what has been acquired,\" Yadav said. The Authority has, so far, only managed to get 1.5 lakh sqm land, he added.\"On one hand, the Authority is allotting land to builders in Sectors 79, 115 and 118 and on the other hand, when it comes to farmers, it has been giving the excuse that it is short of land. We will not allow them to play this double standard game,\" Yadav added.Farmers said that till the Authority settles their problem, no construction work will be allowed in the region. \"We have been trying to meet Authority officials for the last three months, but they don't have time for us. Under such circumstances, how can we be assured that the officials are genuinely working to give relief to farmers?\" asked Babu Ram, another agitating farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14459020", "title": "Corporation convenes meeting to sort civic problems", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation is conducting a public hearing with the residents and councillors of six wards in Thiru vi ka Nagar to hear civic grievances. It is also being attended by officials of Metrowater and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board.The shortage of conservancy and road work staff seems to be becoming a widespread problem.\" We have been allotted 63 sweepers and garbage collectors, but only 34 are working now. Even they keep away from work often,\" said Pushparaj, councillor for ward 71. Ward 72 too manages with just 35 workers. \"Here, at least eight people take off every day and another four call in sick,\" said councillor K Sivakumar.All the wards reported problems of water often getting mixed with sewerage. Councillors said that they are often victims of delayed action and irresponsible attitudes of staff. They complained that often Metrowater officials did not bother taking corrective measures even when they are given written complaints. Electricity board officials in sub stations often do not even pick up phones, which lead to residents taking to streets.Mayor Saidai Duraisamy,directed engineers of all the three agencies to note down the complaints and take action within a week. He said a feedback meeting would be held one month from now to ensure that all the problems recorded had been sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441632", "title": "Queue gets longer at IRCTC online booking site", "text": "LUCKNOW: The painful experience of booking a railway ticket online has jeopardized travel plans of many. When online bookings were started on August 3, 2002, the very first day 27 tickets were booked. From that day to todays, the official e-ticketing partner, Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) has hit the right cords as far as e-commerce business is concerned.IRCTC has been credited as the country's pioneer in e-commerce business. A country which is always on the move, catering to the ticketing needs of the online class has been a tiresome experience if the recent complaints and trends are to be considered.Now, IRCTC handles 4-4.5 lakh bookings per day. IRCTC has booked about 10 crore tickets worth Rs 8,000 crore in 2010-11. IRCTC booked 4,70,670 tickets on 14th March, 2012, a record. But, there have been many complaints about bandwidth congestion, server error and transaction failures during peak hours which have jeopardized travel plans.Tatkal e-ticketing has been a big mess, if not a failure in terms of customer experience. The servers can manage 8 lakh concurrent connections whereas 50,000 transactions can be completed simultaneously. This leaves 7.5 lakh users without getting a ticket during the peak hours. With only 50,000 managing to grab a confirmed ticket, IRCTC blames it on skewed demand and supply situation. With IRCTC's servers able to manage only about 50,000 transactions in the first hours of booking, many users are left with 'service not available' or 'page not found' errors.\"There is a huge gap between demand and supply. If the illegal bookings are stopped, this gap can be minified,\" says Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC. \"Railways cannot increase its capacity in a day. The process needs time and most importantly infrastructure. Till then, IRCTC on its part has undertaken many steps to minimize unauthorised ticketing,\" he adds.Sinha says IRCTC has bared agents to do tatkal tickets during the first two hours of booking only to make these tickets available for normal users. Admitting that unauthorized softwares have been a problem, Sinha says that IRCTC has a dedicated IT team which is looking into the problem and steps have been taken.\"We conduct inspection on timely basis at agents' end. If found guilty, we take serious action on those sub-agents and penalize them as well as the main agent. In Lucknow there are about 2100 sub-agents catering to the needs of the customers,\" mentions Sinha.Failed transaction and bandwidth chocking has been the twin problems of IRCTC, be it during tatkal hours or during the off-load hours where officials claim that the infrastructures are underutilised. Although high capacity Iridium servers are installed, the load has been on the higher side.In 2009, about 10,000 successful transactions were possible in the first hour. Now it has gone up to 50,000 bookings per hour. The servers now are able to manage 8 lakh concurrent connections.In order to meet the gap between logged-in users and bookings done, IRCTC has blocked agents from booking tatkal tickets in the first two hours of opening. But that hasn't provided the solution. Does the problem lie somewhere else?A travel agent in Charbagh says he doesn't do tatkal e-ticket anymore as authorities have banned agents from logging in during the 8am to 10am time period. Although at a premium of Rs 300, he 'can provide tatkal tickets over the railway counter'. \"I will have to send my man for standing in the line and grab a ticket. For that a premium is definitely givable,\" he says.Another travel agent in Hazaratganj area says he can provide a ticket in Dibrugarh bound Rajdhani express at a premium of Rs 1800 for AC 2 tier, although chances are 50-50. \"The train has just 6 tatkal seats available. So the competition is maximum. I don't go for e-ticketing. PRS is the best option,\" adds the agent, on condition of anonymity. \"Tatkal tickets to Mumbai and Delhi are sold like hot cakes. Although I don't have any internal connection with the railways, I have a very efficient team that works for the passengers,\" the agent proudly adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444682", "title": "After Pak U-turn, India renews appeal for Sarabjit's release", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by Pakistan's farcical volte-face over the release of Sarabjit Singh, a more circumspect Indian government on Wednesday urged Pakistan to release the prisoner who is serving a death sentence and has been in its custody for over two decades.While refusing to speculate on what happened on Tuesday night, foreign minister S M Krishna requested Pakistan to take a more humanitarian view of Sarabjit's case even as he welcomed the move to release Surjeet Singh.The Pakistani media was given to understand by authorities there on Tuesday that Sarabjit was being released, only to do a U-turn late later the night when they disclosed that it was actually another prisoner, Surjeet Singh, who was being freed. The Indian government was caught in a bind as it had already bought media reports that Sarabjit had been granted presidential pardon.\"As you are aware, the government of India has consistently urged the government of Pakistan, on several occasions, to take a sympathetic and humanitarian view in the case of Shri Sarabjit Singh and we renew our request to release him,\" Krishna said.Surjeet is Sarabjit's fellow inmate at Kot Lakhpat jail. He was arrested by Pakistan over 30 years ago on charges of spying. Surjeet had already served his sentence and there was no question of a presidential pardon for him.\"I also appeal to the government of Pakistan to release all Indian nationals who have completed their prison terms and request the release of all other Indians who are serving jail sentences in Pakistani prisons for petty crimes,\" Krishna added.Responding to the development, home minister P Chidambaram said India would continue to press for Sarabjit's release. Islamabad on Wednesday released 314 Indian fishermen who were held for straying into Pakistan's territorial waters.Talking about terrorism and India's re-engagement with Pakistan after 26/11, Krishna said \"abundant patience and perseverance\" were required in dealing with Pakistan. \"While dealing with Pakistan, we need to be cautious. We need to have abundance of patience and perseverance,\" he said. To a question on when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would visit Pakistan, Krishna said there was no such move in the near future.He said there were many elements in Pakistan who used terrorism as an \"instrument to achieve short-term and long-term objectives\" and it was too early to judge whether the \"trust deficit\" had been reduced, an aspect required to be monitored on a continuous basis.Referring to the talks between foreign secretaries here on July 4-5, Krishna made it clear that terrorism would be the focus of the meeting. \"Whenever there is a bilateral meeting, we have always focused on terrorism and terror-related issues. We have been impressing upon Pakistan to come out openly to declare war on terrorism which should be across the board and not selective,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14449006", "title": "Gang of vehicle lifters busted", "text": "VARANASI: The Lanka police succeeded in busting an interstate gang of vehicle lifters by arresting five members including the kingpin and recovered two stolen four-wheelers from their possession.According to SSP BD Paulson, acting on a tip off, the station officer of Lanka police station and his subordinates cordoned Lautubir Baba culvert near Ramna on Allahabad-Mughalsarai highway and launched a massive vehicle checking drive. During the drive, the cops stopped a Xylo and an Indica car in, which five persons were sitting. They recovered fake number plates, registration papers, stamps of regional transport officers, spray paint and equipments used for changing the engine numbers of the stolen vehicles.The vehicles were stolen from Ranchi (Jharkhand) and Hazaribagh (Bihar). The arrested vehicle lifters were identified as Mohd Mustafa Ali of Kolkata, OP Pandey of Kapsethi, Sheikh Shahid alias Sheikh Charku of Hazaribagh, Naresh Das and Raju Ghosh of Alipur in West Bengal. Paulson said Mustafa is the leader of this gang, which has lifted four wheelers from many states and sold it after changing the chassis, engine numbers and also the registration papers. The police team was given cash rewards of Rs 10,000 by DIG Range and Rs 5,000 by the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14443980", "title": "Karnata cricketers get UID numbers", "text": "MANGALORE: League cricketers in Karnataka can now look forward to an Aadhaar of a different kind. This will be a unique identity number given by the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) and not by the Unique Identity Authority of India, which is executing a similar nationwide project for Indians. KSCA's project, which is presently at data compilation stage, will be completed by this December.This number will be issued to cricketers registered with clubs affiliated to KSCA. Details of nearly 850 cricketers registered with clubs in Mangalore zone have been forwarded to KSCA to prepare their UID number. The process will also be taken up for players of Shimoga, Hubli, Mysore, Raichur, Tumkur zones, as well as players representing clubs in league cricket in Bangalore.Once data compilation is over and UID numbers generated, they'll be posted on the KSCA website, said Dr Srikanth Rai, KSCA managing committee member from Mangalore. All noteworthy performances in league, zonal and other age-group tournaments of KSCA that one has participated in can be viewed on the website along with their personal details such as photograph, domicile, and address. \"One just needs to know the UID of the player,\" said Dr Rai.An important benefit of this project would be the transparency this ushers into selection, he explains. The selectors now will have an additional reference point to know how a cricketer has fared in a particular season, even though he might have had a bad day in the office in a key match the selectors watched, he said. The system aims at ironing out negatives and projecting positives among the vast pool of cricketing talent in the state. Since league cricket is played on weekends, match scores will henceforth by updated on the website latest by Tuesday, said Dr Rai.Even stalwarts like Rahul Dravid, who recently returned to second division cricket, will get this number in addition to their Ranji Cap number that will be reflected in the player profile, he said. The UID will create a common platform for cricketers across Karnataka to know where they stand among their peers, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14440949", "title": "Residents of Dindori Road discover petrol in water", "text": "NASHIK: A leaking petrol pump along Dindori Road has added to the woes of some residents who are now getting water mixed with petrol from a borewell in their premises.With the civic body enforcing a water cut in force by the municipal corporation owingdue to the delayed monsoon, the residents of Dharma Bhakti society on Dindori Road are dependent on the borewell water for bathing and cleaning. including cleaning and bathing.It was the residents who discovered that the source of the petrol was the leaking tank near the petrol pump. hat had polluted the borewell supplying water.After the hapless citizens summoned the concerned officials, the local corporator Shalini Pawar, and the pump's manager Milind Kulkarni of the petrol pump, the petrol they were authorities had they were assured that the problem would be taken care of.But nothing was done and the situation did not improve despite their complaints over the matter.The residents of Dharma Bhakti Society said that the petrol pump ( Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd ) close to the society had been leaking for some time a long while and the petrol had got mixed with the water of the borewell . They added that said that they had complained to the manager of the petrol pump on a number of occasions but despite being told that the leakage has been repaired the residents did not find any significant change.They summoned the officials, the manager of the pump, Milind Kulkarni and the local corportor Shalini Pawar to show them the water and find a solution. Kulkarni said that he had repaired the leakage on two prior occasions earlier and assured and said that he would locate the problem and get it solved in a day or two.A Senior citizen S G Kulkarni said that they could not cannot even wash their faces with the at water, as because it left a gives a burning sensation on the skin. \"The owner of the petrol pump had come down from Mumbai and assured that he would repair it at the earliest. The leak seeped into the borewell and the water smells a lot. Children have also got skin rashes on the skin because of it. this water. These days the water supplied by the NMC corporation is very limited and it comes only once a day. for very less period and only once in a day.We have guests at home who don't bathe if the corporation water is not sufficient because we simply cannot use the borewell water,\" he said. Suresh Patel, another resident said that when the civic body municipal corporationsupplied sufficient water twice a day, the residents did not feel the gravity of the problem. \"Now with the water supply being available only for fifteen to thirty minutes and only once a day half hour, once in a day , we are facing problems. The officials of Maharashtra State Public Health Services had taken a sample of the water on June 16 when we complained but they said that they could give the detailed report only after 25 days. They only gave us in in writing that this water is not fit for use. We cannot ask for a water tanker to deliver water daily,\" he said.Corporator Pawar said that the petrol pump manager had been asked to solve the issue immediately or else they would agitate at the petrol pump if the problem wasn't fixed. Kulkarni said that by Thursday morning technical staff of Bharat Petroleum would be at the location here to detect and fix all leakages. and repair them immediately.\"We had repaired it on June 1. On Thursday, technical staff will detect where the other leakages are. We too were losing 100-150 litres of petrol within a month but since the problem is underground, it could not be detected easily. we cannot detect it easily.We will now fix it do it at the earliest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440406", "title": "Why is common hariyal so uncommon?It isn't easy to sight Maharashtras state bird", "text": "NAGPUR: It is exactly one year since the humble hariyal, or the yellow toed green pigeon, retained its crown as state bird of Maharashtra warding off a challenge by forest owlet. But why does this 'common' bird is not commonly sighted? The main reason birders give for the relatively rare sighting of the yellow toed green pigeon is that it is generally perched upon fruit bearing trees away from human movement. Another reason is with its green colour it is easily camouflaged.\"It is very sensitive towards humans and takes flight at the slightest movement. It generally stays away from residential areas. The best time to spot it is around sunrise and sunset,\" said Amol Khante of CAC All-rounder. Birders say that there is no dwindling in the number of hariyals. \"You find many of them in the forests and in secluded green patches. The yellow toed green pigeon has been our state bird since the declaration of the title and that is because it is commonly found in many parts of the state,\" said Kundan Hate, honorary wildlife warden, Nagpur District.One other reason birders give for less sightings is the dwindling number of fruit bearing trees in the city but some birders maintain that it is not a city bird anyway so presence or absence of fruit bearing trees does not matter. \"It is basically a shy bird that prefers its green pockets. The sightings have never been less and one can spot them in the green patches of the city,\" said Surendra Agnihotri, a city birder.Khante also said that he has seen as large a group as around 25-30 green pigeons flocking together. In Nagpur, these birds can be found in certain patches of the city like Raj Bhavan, medical college, VNIT, Futala backwaters, Gorewada, NEERI etc.One thing the birders are concerned about is the poaching of the bird. \"It is killed for its meat and sold in rural markets. This can possibly be a problem in future and needs to be taken care of now itself,\" said Khante. Hate feels the government is not serious about protecting the state bird. \"It is a scheduled bird and the government needs to look into its killings. Poaching gangs must be identified and should be checked,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446578", "title": "Adarsh scam: On Day-II, Deshmukh guns for more colleagues", "text": "Mumbai: In further trouble for former chief minister Ashok Chavan, Union minister for science &amp; technology Vilasrao Deshmukh on Wednesday pointed fingers at him over the issue of permitting civilians as Adarsh members. Deshmukh tried to spread the responsibility on more ministerial colleagues, including Narayan Rane and Swarup Singh Naik, besides senior bureaucrats. Deshmukh told the probe commission that he was under the impression that the housing society was meant for defence personnel. Senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsel for the commission, showed him a letter by ex-MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani about a meeting with then revenue minister Chavan and a discussion about including 40% civilians in the society. The letter also mentioned that the army was in possession of the land. \"Since the matter was concerning the revenue department, I marked the letter to the revenue minister,\" said Deshmukh. \"The revenue minister (Chavan) did not get back to me on the issue raised in the letter,\" the former CM said, adding, \"I was not made aware that Adarsh was not going to be a society of servicemen and ex-servicemen, but it was going to include civilians also.\" Chavan, scheduled to appear before the commission as a witness on June 30, is likely to be questioned on the issue. An allegation against Chavan is that he allowed civilians to be Adarsh members, a decision which helped his relatives get flats in the society. Deshmukh pointed out that Swarup was environment minister, when asked about environmental clearance for Adarsh. He said during his second term as CM, then revenue minister Narayan Rane had approved a note exempting top military officers from the 15-year domicile rule and granting membership to Generals Deepak Kapoor and N C Vij. Deshmukh owned up to signing the letter of intent (LoI) for allotting land to Adarsh but claimed he forgot when he did it. \"I do not know the exact date as to when the final decision of issuance of LoI to Adarsh was taken. It was lying in my office and I do not remember when I signed the file,\" he said. Panel member P Subrahmanyam asked Deshmukh about the propriety of reducing the width of a public road, Capt Prakash Pethe Marg, to create land for a private cooperative housing society. \"It depends on the perspective of how one looks at it,\" the ex-CM claimed. Deshmukh said it was not brought to his notice that there was a demand for extra area for a parade ground, helipad and BEST plot from the land that was free after the width of Capt Prakash Pethe Marg was reduced, or that ministry of environment &amp; forests clearance was required, or that when the LoI was issued to Adarsh the land did not have any survey number or property card. The Union minister said it was not brought to his notice that the FSI of the BEST plot could not have been transferred to Adarsh for constructing additional floors without amalgamating the plots. He said he was not informed that family members of senior government officers or bureaucrats like Subhash Lalla, Pradeep Vyas, Ramanand Tiwari, P V Deshmukh and Idris Kundan, who had handled Adarsh files, were allotted flats in the society. The Adarsh commission threw the rule book at Vilasrao Deshmukh towards the end of his testimony, leaving the Union minister at a loss for words. Commission member P Subrahmanyam asked Deshmukh: \"In a parliamentary democracy, we follow the British pattern. Civil servants are appointed to advise ministers, including the CM. Are you aware that for the acts of commission and omission by civil servants, ministers or CMs are ultimately responsible?\" A stumped Deshmukh replied: \"As per rules, the secretary's duty is defined. He has to advise ministers in proper perspective and ministers go by his advice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439553", "title": "Life limps to normalcy in Thorala", "text": "RAJKOT: After days of curfew-like situation and heavy rioting, uneasy calm prevailed in Thorala area of the city on Tuesday and life was limping back to normalcy.Shops and commercial establishments opened even as a heavy posse of policemen did rounds in the area to ensure that there is no untoward incident. Police kept a watch in Thorala and nearby Ambedkarnagar and 80-feet Ring Road, where rioters had gone on rampage on Sunday and Monday after the murder of a dalit man Gunu Rathod.Tension has been prevailing in the area since last four days after a group of Bharwads and dalits came face to face following some dispute.According to police Inspector A D Shrivastav, Thorala police station, the situation is under control now and life was returning to normalcy. \"We have detained 55 people from the area for rioting, damaging public property among others crimes and produced them before the court. Except five, court granted bail to all,'' said Shrivastav.Police was forced to lob teargas shells and resort to lathicharge to control the rampaging mobs on Monday.Earlier, on Monday, Thorala police sub inspector J B Rana filed complaint against 55 people under various sections of Indian Penal Code for rioting.Police had arrested Rathod, a resident of Ambedkarnagar, after a woman named him and some others in her complaint that her house was damaged by some people. He was, however, released on bail on Sunday. On Sunday afternoon, Rathod was on his way from Vijaynagar to hand over money to some persons when he was intercepted by Hitesh Mundhva, Gaurav Mundhva, Jagdish Bakali, Kamil Odiya, Altaf, Imu among others. They brutally attacked him. Rathod was seriously injured and rushed to a hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.Police said they will soon nab the persons behind Rathod's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442807", "title": "Bhosari man tests positive for H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A case of swine flu infection was found in Pimpri-Chinchwad after a gap of almost two months, when a 21-year-old man tested positive on Wednesday.\"The patient is admitted at a private hospital in Pimpri. His throat swab, sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV), tested positive for swine flu,\" said Milind Jawale, medical officer of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).The patient, who is a resident of Bhosari, had a travel history to Rajasthan. \"He developed fever and body ache from June 20. He was admitted to a private hospital on June 24. At present, his condition is stable,\" Jawale said.Since June, the virus infected 26 people across the state. State epidemiologist Pradip Awate said, \"Most of these 26 cases are from Mumbai, Nagpur and Nashik. Occasional cases of swine flu infection will be seen during this season as rain provides an ideal setting for influenza-like illnesses. There is no need to worry. People should continue to take precautionary measures.\" In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned that during the change of season, there will be sporadic seasonal outbreaks, for a couple of years before the virus dies down.Since April, the state reported 273 positive cases and 16 swine flu casualties. Among them, 218 positive cases were found in April, 29 in May and 26 in June, Awate added.The latest swine flu death was from Pimpri-Chinchwad, when Jayshree Gandhale (30) of Kondhwa Khurd succumbed on May 6. The woman was on ventilator support for more than 40 days. The last reported H1N1 positive case was also from Pimpri-Chinchwad, on May 4.The last reported case in Pune was on May 10, when a 34-year-old man from Vadgaonsheri tested positive. The last infected case requiring intensive medical care was also on May 9, when a 23-year-old woman was admitted to the ICU of a private hospital in Hadapsar. She later recovered. The last reported H1N1 Influenza casualty in Pune was on April 27, when a 62-year-old man from Bibvewadi succumbed at a private hospital, taking the death toll in Pune to 12 since March 14.. The victim was a cancer patient. On March 14, Kanta Sarode (48) succumbed to the infection, becoming the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443683", "title": "Reply on joint exams:HC to govt, BPSC", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna high court, comprising Chief Justice Rekha Manharlal Doshit and Justice A Amanullah, on Wednesday directed the state government and the Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) to file a detailed reply in connection with a case related to holding of public service examinations for different years in the state jointly for many years.The petitioner in the case, Sanjay Kumar Verma, had stated that the BPSC has been holding these examinations jointly for many years, which is in violation of the rules which prescribe that the examination should be held every year. The petitioner also stated in his PIL that holding examinations jointly puts the candidates in a disadvantageous position in terms of age relaxation and so on. The court was also informed that the report concerning the examination, which has to be submitted to the governor's office every year, is not being submitted. The division bench directed both the state government and the BPSC to file a detailed reply on this within four weeks.Constable recruitment case: A division bench of Patna high court, comprising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain, on Wednesday directed the state government to file a detailed reply in connection with recruitment of constables by the government on the basis of advertisement issued in 2004.The order was passed by the court while hearing a contempt matter filed by Mohammad Waqar and others. The petitioners had alleged that their names were deleted from the revised list though it existed in the original list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449144", "title": "A blend of tradition and modernity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: GGDSD College, Sector 32, was set up on July 3, 1973 in the memory of Goswami Ganesh Dutta, who envisioned Chandigarh as a focal point of culture and saw it as a potential hub for sanatanist activities. The college that has the motto -- \"Firm in faith and broad in mind\"-- has been accredited 'A' grade by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council ( NAAC) during the session 2011-12.It is the only college in the entire country to run 25 parallel career-oriented add-on courses.The college is divided into different blocks including the Pt. Kedar Nath Sharma Administrative Block houses the principal's office, governing body room and meditation room. Blocks like Pt. Mohan Lal Block, Prof Roshan Lal Verma Block, Ms Kaushalaya Devi Verma Institute Block and a science block, are an integral part of the campus. The college also includes a three-storeyed boys and girls hostel comprising three blocks each. It has 122 spacious and well-equipped classrooms, 51 laboratories, two lecture theatres and five seminar halls. It has also added a dark room, computer section, green house, herbal garden and five aquariums to it.StrengthsThe college has been synonymous with quality commerce education. And the BCom course in the college always has one of the highest cut-off percentages in the city. In recent years, the Information Technology (IT) department of the college too has gained popularity with BCA, MSc (IT) and other courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443368", "title": "Illegal banners at 44 places removed, 7 cases registered", "text": "PUNE: A day after deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar announced that criminal action will be taken against those putting up unauthorised flex boards in the city, the police on Wednesday registered seven cases against well-wishers of gangster Gajanan Marne for putting up flex boards congratulating him on his birthday.Meanwhile, the anti-encroachment department of the PMC removed hoardings and banners at 44 places. Most of the flex boards were put up by politicians in areas like Ghole Road, FC Road, Bhavani Peth, Swargate, Yerawada and Kothrud.\"The action was taken by eight ward offices and it will continue for the next few days,\" said Ramesh Shelar, head of the anti-encroachment department of the PMC.After a meeting with the municipal commissioner, corporators and Pune police commissioner at the Council Hall on Tuesday, Pawar had said that flex boards, including the ones with his own photos on them, should be removed immediately as they were spoiling the city's skyline.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare told the TOI that the flex boards put up at the chowks were obstructing motorists' views, which can cause serious accidents.Earlier, Pawar had insisted that banners and flex boards bearing his photographs should not be put up on roads. Even MNS chief Raj Thackeray had warned his party workers not to put up banners wishing him on his birthday. But despite warnings from top leaders, the party workers put up banners in the city.Taking advantage of the loophole in the law, criminals too put up hoardings. Recently flex boards wishing happy birthday to gangster Gajanan Marne were put up in several parts of the city. Taking serious note of this, Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Tuesday issued instructions to file cases against those who raised the banners.The city police swung into action on Wednesday and registered seven cases against those who had put up Marne's boards in the city. The police have registered two cases each at Dattawadi and Kothrud police stations and one each at Bivbvewadi, Sahakarnagar and Swargate police stations.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makarand Ranade said the police have noted down all the names on the flex boards put up for wishing Marne. \"We are verifying their criminal records. Legal action will be taken against such persons,\" Ranade said.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak recently told the general body meeting that the state government would soon approve the hoardings policy. The state urban development department had in August 2011 suspended the policy prepared by the PMC saying that proper procedure was not followed.Since then, the PMC has completed all the procedures and the general body's (GB) resolution is with the state government. After approval by the state government, the PMC will implement it.The policy, which was approved unanimously by the general body last year, seeks to keep a check on sky sign advertisements and hoardings in the city. Permission for existing sky signs will be cancelled and new ones will be issued. The city will be divided into several zones so that permission issues are streamlined.The policy aims to ensure that no sky signs or advertisements are displayed in a manner that inconveniences motorists and pedestrians. Rules have been drafted as regards the size and structure of the hoardings. No advertisements will be allowed in public places, such as gardens, hilltops, slopes, riverbanks and historic and religious places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14440132", "title": "Gondia forest staff caught consuming liquor in office", "text": "GONDIA: Some employees of the forest department were caught red handed while consuming liquor in the office on Monday evening.The office of the deputy conservator of forest, Gondia, is situated at Jaistambh Square. There is a wine bar opposite the office and several stalls open in the night to sell non-vegetarian food items in front of the main gate.A few employees of the forest office had started using the office rooms as bars. This had been happening for the last many weeks, with many underhand deals of the forest department also concluded here. This thing was brought to the notice of officers, but no one bothered to look into the issue.Late on Monday evening, when the media came to know that some employees were consuming drinks on their tables, they informed assistance conservator of forest SV Ramarao. He also summoned deputy conservator of forest Ashvin Thakkar and raided the office with video cameras. Most of the employees ran away from the back door. However, two employees, guard Randhir Khotele and labourer Girdhari Lilhare, were caught.On interrogation, they confessed that forest employees Sendurkar, Thaware, driver Manish Uprade, Santosh Uikey, Liladhar Dhabade and peon of adjacent panchayat samiti office Ingle were present at the party. The forest officials found many bottles of liquor and eating material scattered in the premises, indicating such parties were a regular feature of office.Thakkar told TOI that the office was being misused by some people. When the office gates were locked, some people had gone to the extent of damaging the gate to enter the premises. He assured an enquiry will be conducted in this matter and those found guilty shall be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440247", "title": "Pinki gender report in Barasat court", "text": "KOLKATA: The report on Pinki Pramanik's gender verification test conducted at SSKM Hospital is ready and will be submitted to the Barasat court on Thursday.\"The chairman of the medical board will submit the report to the court,\" said Tamal Ghosh, medical superintendent and vice-principal at SSKM Hospital.Pinki was arrested on June 14 after a companion of hers alleged that the Asian gold medalist is male and had raped her. Pinki had undergone a gender verification test at Barasat district hospital earlier but since it does not have the right infrastructure, the court directed SSKM to conduct the test.Accordingly, Pinki was brought to SSKM on Monday where an 11-member medical board conducted the test. According to sources the clinical tests did not give any conclusive result and hence blood samples were taken for chromosomal analysis.Though SSKM has facilities for karyotyping, sources said it is meant only for research. The medical board will seek the court's permission to send the sample to some other institute.\"While seeking the court's approval to send the samples elsewhere for testing, we have submitted the names of some institutes, including a few in Kolkata, where it can be done,\" added Ghosh.The suggestion of sending the samples to some other city has not been seen well by experts since Kolkata has a central forensic laboratory with DNA-typing facilities.\"The CFSL has facilities for DNA typing that is more complex that karyotyping. So where is the need to send the blood samples to another city?\" wondered a forensic medical expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14449862", "title": "\u2018Teach turban tying free of cost\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: In Sikh families when a boy reaches a certain age (usually 11 to 16), he is taken to a gurdwara and there, in the presence of the Guru Granth Sahib, his first turban is ceremonially tied on by the granthi or an elder. The ceremony designates the respect with which the turban is regarded - an article of faith, symbolizing the values of discipline, honesty, integrity, ethics, spirituality and humility. But with more and more people offering turban tying as a special course, the art has soon transformed into a money minting business.Clearly the activity is not being appreciated by many residents who feel that this has become more of a commercial activity with people running the business charging exorbitantly for giving lessons.\"Turban tying is something which is taught by the elders to the young ones. Interestingly, every family has its own way of tying a turban and there is a lot of variety in the ways a turban can be tied. Nowadays people are charging huge money for teaching children the art of tying a turban which is not justified. One cannot be allowed to mint money by teaching how to wear an article of faith,\" said Gurbhajan Singh Gill, president, Punjabi Sahitya Akademi.Balwinder Singh, professor at the Guru Nanak Engineering College, said, \"I learned the art of tying a turban from my father. In my opinion joining such classes is not bad, but people teaching the art should not charge such exorbitant prizes. Rather they should do it free of cost and treat it as service towards community.\"Gagandeep Singh, a resident of Model Town, said, \"Everyone has his own style of tying a turban and this is taught by family. These days few people with vested interests have transformed it into a commercial activity, which is wrong. I think turban tying should be taught free of cost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14438803", "title": "Was Naxal mastermind Milind Teltumbde in city?", "text": "NAGPUR: Intelligence agencies were on high alert following an input that Milind Teltumbde, secretary of the Maharashtra Rajya State Committee ( MRSC) of banned Communist Party of India (Maoist), had come to a city hospital for treatment. Teltumbde is learnt to have halted in city before heading to Amravati last week.With most of the top Naxal cadres already under arrest, the intelligence and security agencies are desperate to trap Teltumbde to deliver a final blow to the movement in the state. Teltumbde's wife Angela Sontakke, secretary of Western Maharashtra Rajya State Committee and member of MSRC, was arrested in April last year from Pune along with another.Sources from security agencies claimed that inputs about Teltumbde's whereabouts are often received as he is constantly under scanner. Often through cell phone details and tower locations the security agencies have managed to find the details about his movements but nothing has materialized so far.City police's special branch, local unit of state anti-terrorist squad, state intelligence department and other central agencies were on toes last week following an information that Teltumbde may be present in city. Watch was kept on certain people and their home. Some private clinics and hospitals, bus stops and railway stations were also kept under surveillance, it is learnt.The agencies are learnt to have visited several dens of the Naxals unearthing their locations in city and from the documents found with Angela and also from the details gleaned from the custodial interrogation of the arrested cadres. It is learnt that Teltumbde had shifted to forests in north Gadchiroli, Gondia and Balaghat division, after arrest of his wife. Despite his falling health, he had to take cover of forests as security agencies had launched a manhunt for him.Even assistance of neighbouring states was sought to nab Teltumbde who was staying under different identities. The agencies were receiving inputs about Teltumbde's location in adjoining states like Madhya Pradesh too. The rebel movement in the state had weakened between 2009 and 2011 following arrest of leaders like Vernon Gonsalves, Shreedhar Shrinivasan and other state-based top cadres. While the guerrillas were finding success against the security forces in their forested strongholds, the movement was fast disappearing from urban centres. \"If Teltumbde is arrested, it will mean end of any chance of revival of movement,\" said an official from security agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14439308", "title": "Two Gujarati diamond traders held in Antwerp", "text": "SURAT: Four persons, including two Gujarati diamond traders, have been arrested in Antwerp for facilitating higher grading of low-quality diamonds by bribing graders. The traders, whose names have not been disclosed, allegedly bribed those working in the Belgium-based HRD Gemological Laboratory.According to IDEX Online, a global polished diamond trading platform, two traders, a former employee for the laboratory and a 'facilitator', were arrested as suspects in the misconduct case last week.In March, HRD Antwerp had opened the investigation and found irregularities in the grading of the polished diamonds in the laboratory. After the departmental inquiry, four graders in the lab were fired for their misconduct.Also, a large diamond graded at HRD Antwerp was given two colours lower by another international gemological laboratory.Industry experts said such an act by the diamond dealers in Antwerp would further dampen the consumer confidence over the integrity of leading international gemological laboratories in the world. Consumers pay for diamonds as per the grading reports issued by these laboratories.The arrest comes close on the heels of International Gemological Institute (IGI), world's leading gemological laboratory, issuing a trade alert in India about the huge volume of synthetic colourless diamonds on the market after they received more than 600 such gems for grading in their lab facilities in Antwerp and Mumbai last month.Sources said the Antwerp police have not named the diamond dealers and three companies were removed from the list of clients of HRD Antwerp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448824", "title": "Civic polls: Only 41% voting for KNN", "text": "KANPUR: About 41.08% of the 20.36 lakh voters across 110 wards casted their vote on Wednesday for Kanpur Nagar Nigam, in the second phase of local body elections in the district.Polling went off peacefully except a few sporadic incidents of stone-pelting reported from the ward no: 27 of Shastrinagar in Kakadeo area, Ram Lala school in Rawatpur, Patkapur, Juhi Lal colony, Naubasta and Bada Chauraha area. Commotion prevailed in ward no: 41 in Sisamau following a goof-up in Congress candidate's name.Aditya Mishra, who was contesting from ward no: 41 in Sisamau from Congress, staged a massive protest along with his supporters in front of Harsahai Degree college polling centre, where the anomaly was first detected. He has accused the Election Commission of putting his name wrongly in EVMs to create confusion among the voters. He said his name was put in the EVM as 'Ajay Mishra'. He was among the 12 candidates contesting for ward no: 41 in the district. Mishra has demanded the EC to hold a repoll in the ward as well for Mayor's seat. \"I will move court for justice if the ECI fails to take action on my complaint,\" Mishra said.However, the elections to ward no: 41 was later cancelled by the election authorities due to error in Congress (corporator) candidate Aditya Mishra's name in the EVM.The State Election Commission has ordered re-polling in ward number 41 comprising of four polling centres and 13 booths, where polling was cancelled.The re-polling in ward no 41 would be held from 7 am to 6 pm on June 29.Shastrinagar area in Kakadeo also witnessed a minor skirmish with allegations that supporters of an independent candidate Ram Moorat Yadav pelted stones on the locals of Mataiyyapurwa. Few locals, who wished to remain anonymous, said that those who pelted stones also misbehaved with women and girls in the area. Ram Moorat Yadav, however, denied allegations and added that its a conspiracy to defame him.It was a dull affair in Kanpur Nagar Nigam, but the rural-folks staged an impressive participation in two Nagar Panchayats -Bithoor and Shivrajpur and two Nagar Palika Parishads -Ghatampur and Billhaur. The polling to Kanpur Nagar Nigam remained dull since morning, with 31 per cent of voters taking part by 3 pm. By 5 pm, polling forKanpur Nagar Nigam was recorded 38 per cent while Nagar Panchayat -Bithoor and Shivrajpur escalated to astonishing 61 and 65% of voting. Similarly, two Nagar Palika Parishads Billhaur and Ghatampur recorded 65 and 55 per cent of voting.The final tally for two Nagar Panchayats -Bithoor and Shivrajpur stood at 67.58 and 65.46 % while for two Nagar Palika Parishads -Ghatampur and Billhaur it further escalated to 55.74 and 66.50%.It was a humid weather with partly cloudy sky. Although dark clouds gathered in many parts of the district, it did not rain. Booth level officers in Ram Narain Bazar area complained about the heat as they had no choice but to sit in the open on the footpaths as there were no 'pandals' erected outside polling booths.People were seen accompanying their elderly family members for voting. In many polling areas, candidates and their representatives were seen wooing voters by displaying party symbols and reminding them to vote for their candidates.Several voters were irked as they did not get booth slips. Voters also complained about their names missing from the voters list and names being found in other localities. Senior citizens and women carrying infants were seen asking police personnel to allow them to wait under the tree sheds located close to polling booths following hot and sultry weather.Long queues were seen at Harbanshmohal, Ram Narain Bazar, Patkapur, Shivala, Meston road, Nai Sadak, Collectorganj, Latouche road, Bansmandi, Bisat Khana, Mal Godam and in Quli bazar area. 'Burqa' clad- Muslim women turned up in large numbers at Beconganj, Chamanganj, Talaq Mahal.Many voters waited in queues to cast their votes even after the mandatory close at 6 pm in several polling booths, especially in the rural areas.As offices and schools remained closed, the busy traffic on a Wednesday morning was absent. The counting of votes would take place on July 7 at the respective strong rooms in Government Polytechnic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446658", "title": "900 students missing from engineering merit list", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 900 students are reported to have missed the process for admission to engineering and pharmacy courses. These students have complained to ACPC about their exclusion from the merit list. Of these, 140 have submitted a written complaint.Officials said that a majority of these students did not register themselves according to the mandated procedure and did not appear for the document verification. These students had just filled the form and thought that their forms would be automatically considered.\"Of these 900 students, one student has secured 90% marks while there are 10-odd students who have scored over 80% marks. These students cannot be ignored because they had wrongly understood the admission process. We will ensure that injustice is not done to them,\" said officials.Officials said that all these students have been called on June 29 in person to submit their documents for verification and complete the registration process. These students will not be given the opportunity for a mock round but they will directly be given seat matrix. Following this, they will be included in the merit list and granted admission as per their rankings.Earlier, 1,500-odd students who had applied for admission to engineering and pharmacy colleges reported that their names had not figured in the merit list. This had made the ACPC to continue the admission process for one more day. The choice filling was also postponed from June 18 to June 19.Most of these students had failed to register themselves or submit their documents for verification. \"Most of the students failed to click on the confirm button when asked if they were non-fee-waiver seeking students. Missing this one step led to the situation where their forms were not registered for admission,\" officials had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14445362", "title": "Maoists kill cop, wound 13 in rail &amp; road attacks in Jharkhand", "text": "DHANBAD: Maoists breached railway tracks in the outskirts of Dhanbad killing one policeman, and wounded 13 others at Topchanchi police station on Grand Trunk road. The rebels had announced a bandh on Wednesday and carried out the attacks to terrorise people into observing the strike, according to the police.The Maoists had circulated leaflets and pasted posters in Dhanbad asking the government to stop Operation Greenhunt apart from asking all police personnel to vacate school buildings that have been converted into police camps. The pamphlets also alleged attacks by policemen on tribal women.Dhanbad SP R K Dhan said the operation against the Maoists would continue. RPF commandant Shashi Kumar, who visited the damaged railway tracks, said both the lines were destroyed due to the explosion by the Maoists. Station master of Latehar, Kripalal Prasad, said, \"The Maoists assaulted me and my assistant. They later exploded six bombs. One goods train engine was damaged and some part of the station, too, was damaged. An engine driver said the Maoists warned him against ignoring the bandh call.\"You have read in the newspapers that we have given a bandh call. Then why are you driving the goods train?\" the rebels asked the driver.More than a dozen trains were hit by the violence. The three Rajdhanis - Sealdah, Howrah and Bhubaneshwar - were stopped at different stations between Gaya and Gomoh. Ganga-Damodar between Patna and Dhanbad was stopped at Koderma; Ajmer-Howrah, Howrah-Doon, Kalka Mail, Duranto Express were some of the other trains that were stopped and the passengers left stranded.Service near Dhanbad was restored after about eight hours. Senior police officers, including IG, M L Meena and DIG Lakshman Prasad Singh met the injured policemen in the hospital and paid homage to Dhaneshwar Mahto at the Police Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440056", "title": "Filter used by Army may save lives", "text": "KOLKATA: A unique water filter used by Indian Army soldiers during postings in remote areas may soon come to the aid of civilians living in arsenic-affected parts of West Bengal.Scientists at the Defence Research Laboratory (DRL) in Tezpur, Assam , have developed a unique filter that can protect people from water contamination. According to Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) chief and scientific adviser to the defence minister, V K Saraswat, this filter can be effectively utilized in arsenic and fluorine-affected areas. The membrane inside the filter just needs to be changed, depending on the kind of contaminant in a particular area. Saraswat believes that the filter can be useful in parts of West Bengal where arsenic poisoning is a major problem.\"This is a water treatment plant that needs no electricity and is easy to use. One just needs to pour the contaminated water into it and clean potable water flows out from the outlet. We have tested the plant with water laced with arsenic, fluoride, other contaminants, germs and other micro-organisms. All that one needs to do is change the membrane for a particular kind of contaminant. The membrane does not have to be replaced very often. It can be rejuvenated from time to time. We want to popularize this water treatment plant among civilians. It has worked very well for soldiers posted in remote areas where clean drinking water is hard to obtain. It would be of great help to the general masses if local bodies use these plants to supply clean drinking water to people. We have already taken up the matter with industry that may go in for large-scale production on a Transfer of Technology (ToT) basis. Our Aahar project has also been well accepted by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FICCI). The Aahar packets may also be used for midday meals and Angadwadi schemes,\" Saraswat told TOI at the Interim Test Range (ITR) at Dhamra in Odisha on Sunday.Aahar is a name for two hygienically sealed meals consisting of rotis and daal that cost a mere Rs 25. This was developed by the Defence Food Research Laboratory ( DFRL), a unit of DRDO in Mysore. The daal comes in two varieties - instant palak and masala chana curry mix - and has a shelf life of 12 months (unless the seal is opened). The rotis have a shelf life of 15 days. According to DRDO, two machines have already been set up to make the rotis and the daal. Some companies have also expressed their interest in producing and marketing the packed food.\"Every packet has two meals. I don't think that one can get clean, hygienic food of this quality so cheap anywhere else. We developed our packaging technology to meet the needs of emergency rations for our soldiers. We are now ready to transfer this technology. Before long, you will get to see readymade food packets produced under our licence. The Aahar packets will be very useful as midday meals and in Anganwadi projects. This is our endeavour to take defence technology to the people,\" Saraswat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14440348", "title": "Jackal kills 4-year-old in Malda", "text": "Malda: Jackal menace is back to haunt Malda.A 4-year-old boy was killed by a jackal, which has created panic among the locals of Gopalpur under Manikchak police station. It has been learnt that Rajjak Sheikh, son of one Ajimuddin Sheikh, had gone to a nearby field on Wednesday to play. \"Suddenly, a jackal attacked him and killed him on the spot. However, it could not take away the body as the people had already gathered near the spot after the victim raised a cry,\" sources said.It may be noted that Jackals straying into human habitat has become a regular phenomenon in this area. at the bank of river Ganges.In 2010, a herd of deer were attacked by jackals at Harishchandrapur. In the same year, seven persons, including a child, were hospitalized after being attacked by jackals. The incident took place at Pakuaunder Bamangola police station, when a pack sneaked into some village houses in search of food.After noticing the jackals, the inmates of the houses tried to drive them away, but the animals in turn attacked them. Munni Khatun, the 4-year-old daughter of Saidul Sarkar and Jyotsna Banu was attacked first. When her parents tried to save her, they too were bitten by the jackals.The victims claimed that there were marks on the jackals' ears, which indicate that they were earlier captured by the forest department officials. However, no comments from the department were available in this regard.Ajoy Dubey, divisional forest officer of Malda said: \"I've not heard of today's incident yet. But the population of jackal has increased. However, it is unusual that jackals are straying into human habitats in this season, as there should not be dearth of food for them in the forest.\"It may be noted that with the onset of monsoon, jackals come out of the bushes and raid nearby human habitat in search of food and shelter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460506", "title": "Lisa Ray to have traditional Indian wedding", "text": "Actress Lisa Ray , who is all excited about tying the knot with her American fiance Jason Dehni in California , says she is planning her wedding in typical Indian style.The 40-year-old Water star will marry the management executive on October 20 at Napa Valley and will have the reception in India.\"I have never been so happy before in my life. I am nervous and at the same time excited as the wedding is approaching. I am shopping a lot in India. It will be a typical Indian style wedding,\" Lisa said.\"My fiance and I have planned my reception in India for my friends here though we haven't decided the venue yet,\" she added.Her wedding gown is being designed by Wendell Rodricks with loads of Indian embellishments in it.\"I was in Goa few days ago for my fitting session with Wendell. He is a dear friend of mine. He told me that he will use some Indian embellishments in it. In my sangeet and mehendi, I will be wearing Indian dresses,\" said Lisa, who was in the Capital last night to launch Swiss watch brand's avant-garde collection.The actress said her fiance loves to learn about Indian culture and films and she is thinking of making him watch Vidya Balan's The Dirty Picture .\"I have been feeding him about Indian culture and films. He loves Indian food. He has watched many Hindi films and the latest one on his list is Dev D. I am going to show him Dirty Picture next,\" she said.Lisa is now cancer-free after she being diagnosed with multiple myeloma three years ago and said she is enjoying the \"second chapter\" of life.The Toronto-based actress has signed a couple of movies and will also produce two of them.\"I am enjoying this chapter of my life. I have signed a couple of Bollywood films with young directors. Indian cinema is going through an interesting period. I will also be producing two films and hosting Top Chef Canada ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444193", "title": "Passport mela extended for two more weeks", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major relief for thousands of applicants, the government has decided to hold more passport melas to dispose of the pile of applications and, also, allow the applicants to submit their documents to passport office without an online appointment.Buoyed by the success of a passport mela over the weekend, the MEA has decided to hold more such exercises to clear the demand rush over the next two weekends, foreign minister S M Krishna said on Wednesday. Over 15,000 passport applications were accepted last weekend.From July 1, passport applicants would be able to submit their documents at the passport office without an online appointment, he said. The private service provider, TCS, has developed a special software that could accommodate the new methods. Krishna added that a proposal to add 40 more Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) throughout the country would be considered by the Union Cabinet soon. This is in addition to the 77 PSKs already working.Hammered by the public anger over delays in delivering passports, the MEA has been working overtime to counter the shortcomings as well as the negative perception. The ministry was spurred into action after TOI started a special campaign to highlight the problems of passport applicants.MEA officials said they would initiate online payments of passport fees at the time of seeking an online appointment. This, they hope, would act as a deterrent against people occupying appointment slots but not turning up for the appointment. Basant Gupta, additional secretary in the MEA, said about 30% of the appointments are no-shows. Plans are afoot to accept payments through credit and debit cards, net banking or bank challans.The real problem, however, is lack of capacity. MEA's projections of applications are wildly off the mark. In many areas, where they had projected an application rush of say, 20000, they are confronted with 72,000, rendering the system completely inadequate. However, Krishna said, the capacity for receiving of applications is being increased from current 35,000 to 42,000 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14458191", "title": "Experts blame supply bottle neck for rising costs in Surat's", "text": "SURAT: It is now an established fact that the diamond city of Surat is one of the most developing cities of the world.The growth shown by the city is unparallel in recent times. With a highest per family income of Rs 5.82 lakh it is the number one in earning but many are not aware of the fact that along with prosperity and development, it has also been adjudged the country's third costliest city after Mumbai and New Delhi.It leaves behind metros like Chennai, Kolkata, Banglore Hyderabad and even Ahmedabad on this count.The major factors contributing to this are cited as physical limits of the city to grow high rentals and transport cost. Even factors like high employment rate, supply bottle neck, higher income leading to higher demand, higher property rates and higher circulation of money in city.Former finance minister of the country and IRMA chairman YK Alag while citing the reasons said, \"Like Mumbai, Surat also has expansion problem. With sea on one side and river flowing through the city it faces more physical constrains than a city like Ahmedabad or Baroda which has all four directions to expand.\"He also added, \" This has resulted in high rentals in the city and transport cost hike.\"Nirav Kothary, regional director, Gujarat of Jones Lang LaSalle , India said, \"Basic reason for high cost of living is a demand supply gap. In high demand areas due to rapid growth when supply is constrained due to limitations this is what happens.\"Showing a remedy he said, \"In major Indian cities development of infrastructure takes place after they have grown but public facilities like BRTS, Metro and wider roads will expand the horizons of the city reducing the pressure.\"For Dr Subhadra Ragothaman, HOD, economics department of VNSGU, the single largest factor contributing to cost of living in the city is higher circulation on money in the city. \"There are many cities that generate such high income but all the money is not in circulation. Where as in Surat it is not the case.\"To strengthen her case she said, \"In Surat food items cost 25 per cent more than other cities. Housing is costliest and spending habits of the Surti population are not constrained. Consumer resistance is just not there.\"Municipal commissioner Manoj Das sees this whole scenario in a different way. He said, \"Rapid growth has put a lot of pressure on resources, purchasing power has increased due to higher income because of high employment rate, development of commercial and industrial sectors along with way of living a life of luxury has also contributed.Another factor is the tendency of people to celebrate every thing and anything in style has also added to the cost of living. Large amount of migrant population either buy a home or rent it and this puts a lot of stress on city economy.\"Dr Kiran Pandya, HOD research methodology department stress the supply bottle neck as the fundamental reason. \"Unless we solve this problem by expanding the horizons, affordable housing won't come up in big way and cost of living will go on increasing.\"Top five most costly cities of IndiaMumbai 351 Delhi 359 Surat 372 Kanpur 381 Lucknow 398", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440288", "title": "Urban cooperative banks hit by new RBI rules", "text": "NAGPUR: Urban cooperative banks (UCBs) in the state have been left ruffled by the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) new, stricter parameters for judging a bank's health. The apex bank in March directed UCBs to maintain a gross non-performing assets (NPA) ratio of 10% as against a net NPA of 10% earlier. Any bank with gross NPA of more than 10% will come under the RBI's scanner, and may face action.This has scared the management of several banks in the region as well as across the state. Banks with higher NPAs will see a fall in their grades in line with the new parameters. Associations of UCBs, including the Vidarbha Urban Banks Federation, have been raising a voice against the move. The matter was also taken up during a meeting of bank representatives and RBI officials a fortnight ago.Shifting from gross to net NPAs will make a major difference for the banks. The former includes NPAs which are covered by provisions made from the profits, to ensure any loss in case such loans are not recovered is made good. Net NPAs are bad loans over and above such provisions. Many banks have 1% or even zero net NPAs due to the provisioning, though actually the NPA quantum is higher.\"The new parameters are harsh indeed, and likely to hamper smooth functioning of the cooperative sector. The matter has been taken up with the RBI. There are some banks in the region who may not be able to meet the new parameters. What is worse is that the rule has been made applicable in retrospect, from March 2011,\" said Kailashchandra Agrawal, president of Vidarbha Urban Banks Federation.The number of such banks is expected be higher in Marathwada, where also district associations have raised concern about the new notification, he said.Harish Barech of Nashik Banks Association said the district has almost 26 banks in semirural and rural areas despite being classified as UCBs. Such banks have a higher ratio of gross NPA, since recovery is delayed as most borrowers are farmers and their income depends on the harvest. Provisions are made from the profits to cover such loans, he said. Views are being gathered from other associations too, to draw up further strategy, he said.Sanjay Narke, a chartered accountant and director in Shikshak Sahakari Bank, said, \"The norm will only help banks improve their position. It should be understood that RBI is not going to be harsh from the first day onwards. Prudent banking can easily bring net NPA within 10%,\" he said.Apart from this, the March notification has also made it mandatory to cap loans to 70% of advances, and the funds parked by top 20 depositors should not exceed 30% of the total deposits. The news rules also bring banks with capital adequacy less than 6% under RBI vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441714", "title": "Govt gives nod to test food samples", "text": "NASHIK: The state government has issued a notification to the district health laboratory to begin commence testing of food samples across the city.Accordingly, the lab has started testing food samples in its lab located in the city.Following this approval, of the government law enforcing agencies would be able to get food samples tested locally which would save them time and cost. Food samples were formerly used to be sent to testing locations in Pune or Vashi in the absence of a local facility.The district health laboratory had already been set up in Nashik quite some time back for the purpose. of testing food and water.But, it was unable to test the specimens food samples as the lab as it did not have state notification to do so. in this connection from the state government.Therefore, only water samples were being tested at the laboratory. As a resulta, food samples were either sent to Pune or Vashi for testing.The Nashik testing facility falls under the laboratory department of the state health department.\"There is already a laboratory in Nashik for food and water testing. The establishment also had a food analyst, adequate technical staff and the required equipment. But testing of food samples was not allowed in the district health laboratory because of a lack of government notification. Since the state government has issued its notification in this connection to the District Health Lab. Accordingly,food samples will be tested here,\" an official from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said. told TOI.\"Earlier, all the food samples from Nashik were sent to the labs either in Pune ro Vashi for testing causing an extra burden on those testing facilities. But we will not be able to test our samples locally, This would cause an extra burden on the Pune and Vashi labs, leading to a delay in getting lab reports. But this will happen now as the food samples will be tested at district health lab in the city, \" the official added.When contacted, an official at the district health laboratory confirmed that the notification had been received. \"We received a notification from the state government last week. Accordingly, we will be able to test food samples here. SoWe have already started testing food samples. So far have tested around 10 samples of milk at the district health laboratory.\"Last month, the Nashik divisional office of the FDA had conducted raids in Nashik and had destroyed around 4,000 kgs of Alphonso mangoes, which were being artificially ripened using with the use of carbide powder. Around eight samples of the adulterated mangoes have been sent to Pune for testing. According to rules, it is obligatory for the laboratory to give the test reports within 14 days. But it has not been over even after more than 50 days and the Nashik office has still not received the reports delaying action that might be taken against those guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14438865", "title": "Wife accuses magistrate, family of torturing her", "text": "AKOLA: Smita Arbad, wife of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) Badrinarayan Nagorao Arbad, has accused her husband and nine others of physical and mental torture. She also alleged at a press conference that the police did not take cognisance of her complaints in the case.Briefing press persons here on Tuesday, Smita said that she got married to Badrinarayan (who is the son of her maternal uncle) on May 8, 2007, at Parbhani. At the time of marriage, her husband was working as JMFC at Dahanu in Thane district. Her father Balasaheb Jawle died on September 1, 2008, at Latur (Marathwada). The 10 acre agricultural land in her mother's name had been given to the Arbad family for cultivation.After the death of her father, Smita's husband and other in-laws started pressurizing her to transfer the land in her husband's name. However, she refused to do so and so she was subjected to physical and mental torture.After she filed a police complaint, the matter was referred to the women's dispute redressal forum within the police department. Conciliation efforts were also made thrice. Even the deputy superintendent of police and other police officials intervened to try and settle the matter. The district judge also made efforts, but all in vain, she added.On the contrary, her husband, who is the local magistrate, issued notice for divorce to her and attempted to solemnize a second marriage. Advocate Ajit Deshmukh, who is her counsel, also issued a notice to the husband.A complaint against her husband Badrinarayan, his father Nagarao, mother Subhadra, Narayan and Lata Arbad and four others has already been lodged but no action has been taken by the police, Smita lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447464", "title": "10% water cut from July 1 if rain stays away", "text": "Mumbai: After much deliberation, the BMC's standing committee on Wednesday passed a proposal to impose a 10% water cut from July 1. The civic administration, though, assured that this is a \"precautionary measure\" and the water cut may not be imposed if the rainfall condition improves over the next few days.Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"As a precautionary measure, we have planned to impose a 10% water cut from July 1. But if we receive proper showers in the next few days, we may not impose it. A fresh decision will be taken after reviewing the situation.\"According to the hydraulic department, Upper Vaitarna and Modak Sagar can provide water for the next 56 days, Tulsi 104 days, Bhatsa 115 days and Vihar 75 days. The current level of the lakes is slightly above the minimum level required.The decision to impose the cut gave committee members an opportunity to discuss conservation issues. Anuradha Pednekar, Shiv Sena corporator and standing committee member, said, \"Across the city, several housing societies use booster pumps.\" While other members such as Rais Shaikh, Samajwadi Party group leader, said, \"We claim to be a world-class city. Shouldn't we have certain provisions to deal with a delay in monsoon? It only shows lack of long-term planning.\"Laxman Dhoble, water supply minister, said that if rains don't arrive in the next 10 days, the government will have to chalk out a strategy to deal with the situation. \"If the situation worsens, then in consultation with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar, the department plans to restrict supply to pools in hotels, construction industry and even some industrial units.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439234", "title": "Quit, say students' bodies to VC &amp; team", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration's flip-flop on the sensational paper leak, first exposed by TOI, has invited the wrath of different students organizations attached to the institution. They squarely blame the vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and his team for playing with the students' future.Further, accusing the administration of heaping humiliation on the varsity, they have demanded immediate resignations from the entire team.\"The NU administration is solely responsible for this fiasco and the VC has also failed in fulfilling his responsibilities. He deserves to be removed from the post,\" Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad (VVSP) activist Yashodhan Waghmare said.He added that it was nothing but a shame on part of the administration as they could not identify the culprits even after two and half months. \"They left the matter to the police to investigate rather than to investigate it first from their side,\" he added.NSUI district president Bhushan Maraskolhe said, \"Immediate action needed to be taken against NU Exam Section authorities for their failure to curb such incidents. We plan to hold protests till Sapkal and his team resigns.\"His senior and the state general secretary Ajit Singh said it was not the first time this had happened. \"There are other problems as well. Wrong information is printed on the degree certificates. If we complain and apply for correction, papers are not returned for over two months. We will hold a hunger strike and also lock up the university in first week of July,\" he warned.NCP students' wing activist Jagdesh Panchbudhe informed that they will meet minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope in this regard. \"When the leak was exposed by media, we had met the VC and urged him to take quick action, but he was reluctant citing police investigations. NU administration is entirely to be blamed for this incident. The VC should be held accountable for his inaction,\" he stated.ABVP, which had first started the protests in the paper leak episode, said NU administration has deliberately tried to suppress the issue apprehending arrest of its officials. \"Even after meeting the VC several times, no action was taken. We also met commerce department head Bharat Meghe, but even he was non-committal. All these persons have no right to continue on the post,\" ABVP joint secretary Swapnil Kothale demanded.(With inputs from Anurag Mundhada)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14445676", "title": "Times Consumer Expo to showcase variety", "text": "Mysore: The mini-metro is game for a new lifestyle with Gen-X leading from the front.Even as the cultural hub is turning another page in its illustrious history, The Times Consumer Expo is opening a window to the world of lifestyle and fashion under one roof. The Expo will be open from 10 am to 9 pm. Starting Friday, the three-day expo at the centrally-located Maharaja College Grounds will offer a wide variety of consumer goods and lifestyle products. The multi-choice, single-platform expo will see leading brands, offering latest products to suit the tastes of consumers.An initiative of The Times of India and Vijay Karnataka, the Expo will showcase trendy and fast moving consumer goods, starting from furniture to world-class cosmetics, chic dresses to electronics and interiors. Entry to the Expo is free. The expo is tailor made to provide authentic information about various products. There will be demonstrations to allow direct interaction between the consumer and the seller.WHY MYSORE? After a successful show at Mangalore and Hubli, the Expo is coming to the tourist hub, which is emerging as a metro with FMCG companies focusing on the city given its appetite for higher and better lifestyle. After Bangalore, this tourist city is the fastest growing city in Karnataka.Lifestyle product manufacturers, including fitness equipment, cosmetics companies, makers of home appliances and electronic gadgets will be there. Software and hardware products will be on display too. Builders and automobile companies will also be a part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433691", "title": "The strong, brown god", "text": "On the banks of the Ganga at Triveni Ghat, Rishikesh, we await the start of the evening special aarti on Ekadashi in early November. At twilight a huge crowd watches as the brimming Ganga swirls by, hastening towards Haridwar on her journey to the great Gangetic plain of northern India. The priests arrive and begin invocation to the Ganga as night falls. Holding in their hands multi-mouthed brass diyas, the priests and host families sing paeans to the river, gods and goddesses to the accompaniment of cymbals and drums.It is a magical moment, with people poised with earthen diyas in their hands, waiting to offer them to the holy river. But something disturbs my father, who brought us all here. Quite unlike his general rational disposition, that morning we had taken a bath in the Ganga near the Ram Jhula, for the first time. A religious man, but with no faith in religiosity, this trip was rather unusual for him as well as for us. \"This seems a glamorised form of a conservative faith,\" he muses to me. I wondered if he would walk away, once his rationalist side took over. But he went through the motions till the very end; perhaps his composure came from the very rationalism that we thought would pull him away.Back at the guest house, now at ease with himself, he said once again that he found an element of vanity in the entire affair. He, like all of us, did not know that the aartis were hosted by particular families \u2014 indeed along with the invocation to the deities, the priests had also praised and wished for the well-being of the host families. Utilising his long and sustained teaching to us for the Buddhist golden mean \u2014 the Middle Path \u2014 and his love for all life and nature, i rationalised that the choreographed aarti should be seen as homage and thanksgiving by human beings for natural forces like the Ganga, a life-giver. I thought this perspective would appeal to my father as his favourite festivals were Holi and Chhath \u2014 both outside mainstream Hindu festivals, completely secular, celebrating life and exalting Nature, without show of wealth and privilege and with no mythical gods and goddesses strictly at the centre of it all.It was Ekadashi, which he had been observing for many decades devoid of all its religious paraphernalia and more as a desire to skip meals twice a month for general benefit. Eating fruits to break his fast, he said, 'You are right'. In Four Quartets, Eliot called the river 'a strong, brown God.' He said this calmly, with a composure coming from the insight he'd gained from, among others, teaching literature for four decades and also annotating and critiquing that long, philosophical poem a few years back .The next day, we proceeded to Haridwar. As is the usual practice, i bought two plastic cans to fill them with 'Gangajal' as souvenirs of a tourist destination. My father waited for me as i bent down to fill them with the 'holy' water at the Har-ki-Pauri. He carried one of the cans to Patna, and the other can was left with us at Delhi. The Patna can that he carried would come handy for his last rites three weeks later \u2014 droplets of the life-giving brown God silently sprinkled their blessings on his still frame \u2014 devoid of all sounds and invocations, perhaps the way he would have liked it to be.The writer is an editor with National Book Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14457095", "title": "Anjali replaces Taapsee Pannu", "text": "Kalakalappu actress Anjali has replaced Taapsee Pannu in Madha Gaja Raja.Sundar.C running high on success with his latest outing Kalakalappu is busy wielding Madha Gaja Raja (MGR) with Vishal in the lead. The movie will have Vishal in triple role and there will be two female leads for him. Though the director has proved his mettle in direction, Sundar.C is facing difficulties to zero in on the leading ladies for MGR . Initially, Hansika Motwani was approached for one of the roles but citing dates issues could not sign her. Then, it was Ko fame Karthika Nair signed in for the lead but she too opted out for reasons best known to her. Finally, Varalakshmi Sarathkumar was finalized as one of the heroine. Now, the latest buzz is that another heroine Taapsee Pannu has now opted to make her way out of MGR. The actor tweeted that she could not accommodate the required dates for Madha Gaja Raja due to her forthcoming projects and their promotional activities. Alas, the director has finally roped in Kalakalappu heroine Anjali replacing Taapsee Pannu. Madha Gaja Raja will be a comedy entertainer as like the director's previous outing. The movie has music by Vijay Anthony and cinematography by Richard Nathan.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14445775", "title": "Move afoot to revive library culture", "text": "Mysore: Even as the world is going gaga over digitization of library resources, the department of Library and Information Sciences, Manasagangotri, has taken lead in bringing the research tradition back.With an aim of capturing users' interests towards the use of library resources, three books that are in the form of research thesis, were released here on Wednesday.The books were penned by researchers Dinesh K S, R Guruprasad and Khaiser Nikam, chairperson, DOS in Library and Information Sciences.These books act as an excellent incentive for the future researchers that deal with the availability of library material in the universities along with an exhaustive literature review, Khaiser Nikam said.Dinesh K S, author of the Strategic Management of Engineering College Libraries in Karnataka, said it is an extensive study on the means and ways of attracting the students to the library that are deserted in the internet age. P Ventaramaiah, former vice-chancellor of Kuvempu University and N Chowdappa, president of AKELPA, were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14443990", "title": "Month-old baby abandoned on temple steps", "text": "CHENNAI: A month-old boy was found abandoned at Tambaram on Wednesday. Firemen attached to the Tambaram fire station found the baby on the steps of the Muthumariamman temple on the station campus. They called the child helpline and police who later handed over the boy to Marialya, an NGO.Police said firemen heard the cries of the baby early in the morning and found him wrapped in a cloth with a feeding bottle next to him. A number of women who came to know of the incident wanted to adopt the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14455199", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Over 1000 pilgrims halt at J&K;'s entry point", "text": "JAMMU: To ensure smooth passage of cavalcades of Amarnath yatra and traffic-free highway at night, the police have stopped over 1,000 pilgrims at entry point to Jammu and Kashmir's Kathua district.\"We have put on halt over 1,000 Amarnath pilgrims along with vehicles at Kakanpur in Kathua district in order to ensure their smooth passage and traffic-free highway at night hours,\" they said.The pilgrims have been stopped in view of heavy traffic jams at night in landslide-bound areas in Nashri and Shetani Nallah of the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14440789", "title": "Security drill puts cops on alert", "text": "LUCKNOW: District police chief Ashutosh Pandey flashes a message to a few police officers to assemble near Vidhan Bhawan. It is well past midnight when circle officers and inspectors Hazratganj and Hasanganj and station officer Gautampalli along with other police officials rush to the spot. Pandey asks officials to pass on the information to other cops as well. The traffic department officials are also summoned to the spot.After the cops assemble, the district police chief tells them that a plan has to be chalked out immediately to protect Vidhan Bhawan, Bapu Bhawan and Annexe, housing the chief minister's secretariat as they my be attacked by the suicide bombers. The plan has to be based on arch policing so that if a terrorist is spotted, the cops can open fire but ensure that bullets do not hit any security personnel, Pandey says.The district police chief then orders cordoning off the area around Bapu Bhawan, Vidhan Bhawan and Annexe. Traffic police is pressed into service and diversions put in place at four places -- Prerna Sthal, DSO Crossing, Bapu Bhawan Crossing and Havlock Road Crossing near Planning Commission building. The arrangement comes in place at 2 am on Wednesday.Two companies of PAC and one company of Rapid Action Force along with additional 100 odd cops from Reserve Police Lines are also pressed into service. The seriousness of the exercise could be gauged from the fact that no vehicle, except those of the senior officials, are allowed to be parked at places where they used to be parked on a routine basis.Quick response teams are deployed at strategic points from Bandariyabagh crossing to Vidhan Bhawan. Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) was also pressed into service.The entire exercise was the brainchild of the district police chief. Pandey had briefed DGP AC Sharma about the plan to carry out the drill and asked the latter to provide special forces like the ATS. The demand accepted immediately, the DGP orders pressing ATS commandoes in the exercise. Others who attended the meeting in view of the operation included senior intelligence officials, ADG crime and senior law and order officials. A decision was taken to ensure foolproof drill which would also help in checking preparedness of the city police and other wings in case of grave threat.As a part of the drill, anti-sabotage checks are applied on dustbins on the roadside and at garbage heaps at several places. Cops are also deployed on rooftop duties at various strategic points and intense frisking and checking of those entering Annexe and Vidhan Bhawan done.Later, Pandey said security was put in place keeping in mind what if some terrorists carry out attack and try to flee the spot. For this, four interceptor points were made and exclusive vehicles for commandoes were deployed to nab terrorists, he added.Sources said chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had also been informed in advance about the security drill. Pandey said though the response of the city police was very good, there are points which need to be improved for any exigency in future. He also admitted that there were problems in tackling the huge number of employees at Bapu Bhawan.The exercise by and large had been useful and productive, however, the shortcomings found during the drill will be taken up at the higher level and measures would be discussed with the senior officials so as to plug the loopholes. The drill, meanwhile, was continuing till the filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14446254", "title": "No end to rift among DMK cadres in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Rift between Madurai DMK men is refusing to die down as they held two separate meetings to discuss about plans to hold the jail bharo on July 4.However, the DMK men are gearing up to make the protest a success by mobilising a large number of cadres to participate in the jail bharo and land in prisons. DMK has also organised a public meeting on June 30 to explain to the public and party cadres about the objective of the protest announced by DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi in the wake of the Goondas Act slapped on former state minister Veerpandi S Arumugam. Karunanidhi had said that the \"jail filling\" protest would put to rest differences among party rank and file in some districts and unite them.Soon after Karunanidhi's announcement, the Madurai district unit had called for the meeting and said that Union chemicals and fertlisers ministers M K Alagiri would participate in the meeting at his family-owned Dhaya marriage hall, though he was absent.But the youth wing functionaries held a meeting a day prior to that on Tuesday. Some of the key DMK functionaries like former minister Pon Muthuramalingam, former MLA Veluchamy participated in the meeting along with youth wing office bearers, who were handpicked by M K Stalin.Though there was no vocal criticism against Alagiri or Stalin in the meetings, the youth wing functionaries sang paeans on Stalin, something unusual in Madurai DMK. They welcomed the statement of Stalin that in future party posts should be given only to those participate in the protests organised by the party and go to prisons. Interestingly, some of the functionaries, who organised the youth wing meeting also participated in the subsequent meeting of the district functionaries headed by DMK deputy district secretary Udayakumar.\"They had organised a meeting yesterday (Tuesday). But none of the DMK cadres in Madurai participated in it. They were all brought from outside,\" said an urban district DMK functionary. Madurai largely remains an undisputed territory of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister Alagiri, but indications are rife that the younger sibling is making attempts to make inroads into the fiefdom of Alagiri.It all started during Stalin's visit to the temple town in April this year when he addressed a public meeting to condemn the acute power shortage in the state. The meeting coincided with the interview session held by Stalin for posts to the party youth wing in Madurai. But what irritated the Alagiri camp was that Stalin made the visit and addressed the public meeting when the southern satrap was out of town.Apparently, Stalin had handpicked his supporters for various posts in Madurai youth and they were displaying an increasing tendency to function independently.But a youth wing functionary dismissed any rift in the party and said that similar youth wing meetings were held across the state. \"It was in the interest of the party that we organised the meeting to discuss plans for the protest,\" said a youth wing functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445985", "title": "SM Krishna denies wrong-doing in issuing mining licence", "text": "BANGALORE: External affairs minister SM Krishna on Wednesday accused the Sadananda Gowda government of trying to defame him by sending \"doctored and concocted'' information as supplementary responses to the Supreme Court-constituted central empowered committee (CEC). The panel is looking into a complaint filed by an activist against three former chief ministers -- N Dharam Singh , HD Kumaraswamy and Krishna -- on sanction of mining licences during their tenures.In his response to the government statement, Krishna said: \"The supplementary responses are in variance with the first ones. They also contain distorted information and out-of-context quotations so as to deliberately suggest a wrong-doing on my part as CM during the period October 1999 to May 2004. It is expected of any government to be factual, fair, unbiased and responsible while dealing with any matter and particularly when the response is to be filed before an important body like the CEC.''Activist T J Abraham petitioned the CEC on April 27, 2012 seeking a CBI inquiry into mining licences granted by the three former CMs to which the government had sent its supplementary responses on May 22.Krishna also charged the government with quoting the Lokayukta report out of context. \"Select paragraphs and statements have been quoted to create a deliberate impression of non-adherance to due process of law and causing loss to Mysore Minerals Limited\". He cited the example of the revenue loss quantified during the tenure of three former CMs, including himself, as Rs 714.54 crore from 1999 to 2007 as an \"artificial implant which does not come from the Lokayukta's report\". He said the Lokayukta report has not named or indicted him in any manner.Government's reply:*Krishna recommended 16 mining leases to the Centre of which many were approved.* Krishna's response: This is not true. I am rather surprised that such a false statement has been filed before the CEC. As CM I never held the mines and geology portfolio and have not recommended a single case to the Centre for grant of mining lease.*Government's reply: There were three meetings on April 19, 1995, August 28, 1997 and October 30, 2000 between officers of government of India and Karnataka. The state government was not in favour of dereserving the mineral bearing areas as most these areas were under reservation in thick forest areas and ecologically fragile. In spite of this, the mines and geology minister ordered dereservation of certain blocks which were rich in iron ore and china clay.*SMK's comment: As per the rules then applicable, the minister was empowered to revise the earlier decision of the department. This had to be vetted by the cabinet and the changes were made on May 19, 2001, when the file was yet to come up before the cabinet on December 16, 2002.* Government's reply: The forest department had dissented on the dereservation issue.* SMK's response: The forest department did not record a blanket objection to the proposed dereservation of mineral bearing areas. Rather the forest department's view was that areas for mining inside the forest may be considered for diversion and and when it is absolutely necessary. Besides the number of mining leases and licences granted till 2000-2001 creates an impression that large tracts were granted. The figures given are the cumulative extents going back into the decades from the beginning of mining operations inKarnataka, while the notification inviting applications in the dereserved mineral bearing areas was done in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14439125", "title": "Begumpet suicide bombing case verdict likely next month", "text": "HYDERABAD: The verdict in the 2005 Begumpet suicide bombing case of the police commissioner's task force is likely to be announced next month.According to sources, the trial in the case is in its last stages with defence lawyers having completed their cross examination of the former assistant commissioner of police Diwakar, who was the investigating officer. Even as the city celebrated Dusserah on October 12, 2005, a suicide bomber blew himself up at the office of the commissioner's task force. A home guard was killed and a head constable injured in the attack. Initially the case was registered by Panjagutta police but it was later entrusted to the Special Investigation Team of Detective Department.Some of the accused were arrested within a month of the incident. A special investigation team probe revealed that the suicide bomber was Bangladeshi national Dalin. He was reportedly sent to Hyderabad by alleged Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami (HuJI) operative Mohd Abdul Shahid aka Bilal of Moosarambagh.The investigators were told that the attack was carried out to avenge the killing of Mujahid Salim by Gujarat police in 2004 near the state police headquarters. Shahid Bilal along with his associate Ghulam Yazdani alias Naveed orchestrated the suicide bombing from Bangladesh . They were the ones who sent Dalin with the direction to blow up the task force office.Naveed was reportedly gunned down by a special team of Delhi police in the national capital on March 8, 2006. A year later, Bilal was also killed along with his brother Abdul Samad in Karachi , the city he had chosen to live after leaving Bangladesh.Though there are 20 accused in this case, the SIT could try only seven of them. They are Mohd Abdul Zahed (brother of Bilal), Abdul Kaleem, Shakeel, Haji, Ajmal Ali Khan, Azmath and Mahmood Baroodwala.Another terror suspect, Sheikh Abdul Khaja alias Amjad, was later booked in the case. Police intend to try Khaja separately. All the 69 witness in the case have been examined by the prosecution and defence counsel.\"The process is almost over. Therefore, we are expecting the verdict within a few weeks,\" one of the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460228", "title": "Manit Joura in Bejoy Nambiar's MTV Rush series", "text": "Manit Joura has been in the news for bagging the role of Garv in Trilogy Krikos' and Thought Rain Entertainment's upcoming show, Khamoshiyan on Star Plus.Now, Manit will be seen in MTV Rush : a special series which has been directed by Bejoy Nambiar who made his directorial debut with the film Shaitan . MTV Rush has been shot like a film and Manit will play a character called Chirag who is head of security. The series will be in the form of twelve stories that will take place over 48 hours during a college festival which will show the journey of a man: Chirag, as he goes through the various phases of life. Manit will play a myriad of shades ranging from an adolescent college going guy to a mature, married man. MTV Rush is the story of the metamorphosis of the main male protagonist: Manit aka Chirag.Interestingly, director Bejoy had certain specifications in mind while selecting the actor for MTV Rush . Says Manit, \"600 people auditioned for this role and the makers were looking for a crazy character. They wanted someone who was well built, sweet, good looking and a person with a dark personality. I guess I fit the bill\".MTV Rush will be aired on 15th July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14448002", "title": "Girls' parents booked for threatening newly married couple in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A newly married girl, who tied the knot with a boy against the wishes of her family, has alleged that her parents were trying to pressure them to dissolve their marriage.The name of police post incharge also figures in the FIR lodged by the couple, who has been accused of non-cooperation by the complainants.The couple -- Dinesh Thakur and Pooja Saini, residents of Gaur college colony in Rohtak -- had got married after eloping from their houses last month. They approached the court for protection after which they were living in the protection home at the police lines in Rohtak.However, the couple, along with Dinesh's family members, met the inspector general of police after the concerned police post incharge did not cooperate with them after they lodged a complaint on Tuesday.On the directions of IGP, Alok Mittal, city police station here has booked 11 persons, including members of the girl's family and the ASI, on charges of threatening the boy's parents and the couple.Rohtak city police station SHO, Satyender Singh, said that though the complainant had named the chowki incharge, they had withdrawn the name of the cop from the complaint on Wednesday.He said the accused included girl's father Om Prakash, mother Anita and eight other persons. Efforts were on to nab them, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14444914", "title": "Two-day shutdown called against shrine fire in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmir's Grand Muft Bashiruddin on Wednesday in Buchpora called for a two-day shutdown in the valley beginning tomorrow. He alleged there was a \"conspiracy\" in the fire at Dastgeer Sahib shrine. He also appealed for a march towards the gutted shrine at Khanyar from Lal Chowk on Friday.The Mufti rejected the probe ordered by the J&K; government to ascertain the cause of the June 25 fire at the shrine.He said the state government should include Muslim scholars, Sajda-e-Nasheen, Syed Khalid Hussain Geelani and himself as part of the probe committee. He also accused the government of \"destruction of evidence\" at the shrine.\"Meanwhile, holy relics of 11th century Muslim saint, Sheikh Abdul Qadir Jeelani, were displayed by their custodian Syed Khalid Hussain Geelani in Srinagar on Wednesday to put to rest speculation that they were destroyed in the fire. \"The holy relics are being displayed to prove that all of them are safe,\" said Geelani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448055", "title": "D, B pharma counselling from June 29", "text": "BHOPAL: The first round of general pool online off campus counselling for B Pharma and D Pharma will be organised from June 29.According to directorate of technical education ( DTE), the verification of documents for the B Pharma and D Pharma courses will be organised from June 28 to July 6. The choice of filling colleges and courses will start from June 29. The last date of locking their choices of colleges will be July 6. The final list will be announced on July 20. Next four days will be given to confirm the admission in the allotted colleges. The registration for both courses had begun on June 15, which would continue till July 6. The students availing the tuition fee waiver ( TFW) scheme can change their choice of college between July 9 and 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14446931", "title": "Women in fray but men hijacked campaigning for civic elections", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Loud claims of women sharing space with male counterparts notwithstanding, civic bodies elections once again re-inforced the dominance of men in the electoral sphere. The posters which dotted the walls at public places carried photographs and names of husbands with prominence instead of their wives who were the actual contestants.In some posters, it was difficult to distinguish who was the actual candidate given the confusing text printed in the form of appeal to voters. In some posters, photographs of wives were carried in a corner while that of their husbands occupied the centrestage.The situation has arisen since as per the rotation policy, seats which were represented by men in last elections were transferred in the quota of women. This left most of the candidates with no option except fielding their wives, sisters, or mothers to maintain their hegemony over the area/municipal ward.Moreover, it is not only the case of corportaors but also mayoral candidates which is evident from the fact that most of the women candidates pitted in the field are either wives of former mayors, former minister, or senior ruling party leaders.Among them are Congress supported candidate Shree Wadhawan who is wife of former mayor Ravi Bhushan Wadhawan. Another candidate Jaumonotri Devi Gupta is the wife of former mayor and Samajwadi Party leader Shyama Charan Gupta. Posing a stiff challenge to them is another candidate Abhilasha Gupta wife of former state minister Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi.In the same manner another Independent candidate Anju Dubey wife of senior SP leader Vinod Chandra Dubey is also in the fray and is banking on the support given to her husband during last mayoral elections where he finished second.Another Independent candidate Suman Srivastava, wife of former city president, Samajwadi Party, K K Srivastava has also campaigned aggresively for the elections.The only candidate whose support and presence in the election is governed solely by her own identity is the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Kamla Singh.Among candidates claiming to fight elections as party suppored candidates, Singh is the only one who has the official party symbol of Lotus to her credit while others have been alloted symbols other than the one belonging to the parties to whom they owe allegiance.Still the battle is wide open among candidates claiming to be party supported and ones fighting as independents. While the Congress and BJP are banking on the fact that despite receiving a severe drubbing at the hands of ruling Samajwadi Party in the city during the recent assembly elections, statistically the two still remained the second and third most favourite of urban voters after BSP which may come as a shot in arm for them in the local bodies electionWhat is surprising is the fact that ruling Samajwadi Party(SP) is occupying the last spot behind the saffron party(BJP) which is indicative of the fact that urban voters have reposed confidence on BSP and Congress followed by BJP.But sadly BSP preferred to play the role of fence sitter in the election by not focussing it's attention on the local bodies election going by the stand taken by party leadership.Looking at the statistics of recent results of 3 assembly seats in the city it is pretty much evident that by an overall tally of 1,52,485 votes from 3 seats BSP was the obvious choice of most of the voters in the city even though it bagged 1 out of the 3 seats.On the other hand the Congress with a combined vote tally of 78,841 votes came in the second position closely followed by Bharatiya Janata Party with 78,124 votes. On the contrary the ruling Samajwadi Party(SP) with an overall vote tally of 74,325 votes was sitting at the bottom of the table even though it managed to bag the city South seat wresting it from the BSP in a closely contested encounter.But with the BSP expressing reluctance to become a part of the local bodies election it has aroused a fresh ray of hope for parties like Congress and BJP who feel that BSP support at this juncture would definitely reap a rich harvest for their party and turn the scales in favour of their candidate in the mayoral election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "14441544", "title": "Delhi, Mumbai police fight over Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Police forces of Mumbai and Delhi are locked in an intense battle for the custody of Lashkar terrorist Syed Zabihuddin Ansari aka Abu Jundal in what threatens to dampen the excitement over perhaps the biggest catch in the 26/11 case so far.On Wednesday, a trial court in Delhi refused to hand over Jundal's custody to Mumbai Police following strong resistance from Delhi cops.Although Mumbai Police has now filed a fresh application seeking Jundal's custody \"at the earliest\" and hope to get by July 5 the man responsible for slaughtering hundreds of innocents in their city, Delhi Police is keen to hold on to the accused.Central agencies which negotiated Jundal's deportation from Saudi Arabia chose to hand over the 26/11 mastermind to Delhi Police. The Delhi cops have justified their attempt to keep him in their custody for longer on grounds that the Maharashtra-born terrorist was linked to the Jama Masjid shootout.Considering that Jundal played a key role in plotting the 26/11 massacre in Mumbai\u2014right from conception to execution\u2014Mumbai Police is obviously neither convinced nor happy. Besides his involvement in the 26/11 plot, Jundal is also wanted in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case in which a huge cache of arms was recovered from alleged terrorists, as well as Pune's German Bakery blast in which 17 people were killed.The spat has brought the spotlight back on the estranged equations between the two police agencies. They have squabbled in the past, accusing each other of one-upmanship which disrupted vital operations and raising fears that the lessons from major terror attacks\u2014from the September 11 strike on New York to the devastating 26/11 attack on Mumbai\u2014have not been learnt yet.The aftermath of 26/11 saw a determined effort under home minister P Chidambaram to facilitate coordination among different counter-terror agencies by eliminating turf wars and ego clashes.Sources in Mumbai Police are surprised that Jundal was handed over to Delhi Police in the first place.The intelligence community, however, is not perturbed as it sees the decision to bring Jundal to Delhi through the prism of the trust deficit that has developed between the central agencies and Mumbai cops. Equations between them have deteriorated sharply, especially since Mumbai cops circulated photographs of Lahore-based traders as hardened terrorists.As Pakistan gleefully pounced upon the development as a validation of its allegation that India makes baseless claims, Mumbai cops blamed the embarrassment on central agencies which had passed on the photographs of \"terrorists\" without verifying their antecedents.Sources in central intelligence agencies denied a bias against Mumbai cops, but said they had in the past caused complications by \"leaking\" crucial inputs. \"There have been several instances in the past when we have shared information with Mumbai Police and it has found its way to the media,\" a senior intelligence official said.Another official at the Centre argued in the same vein, saying the Jundal operation was highly sensitive and agencies did not want to tom-tom the arrest because it could have spoiled their plans to get to his associates. \"We were not sure if this secrecy could be maintained in Mumbai,\" he said.Not surprisingly, senior officers in Mumbai Police learnt of Jundal's arrest from the media. In Delhi, Jundal is under the direct supervision and interrogation of the Intelligence Bureau.Police brass in Mumbai dismissed the charge, saying Delhi Police just wanted to bask in the glory of what was accomplished by international agencies. A senior Crime Branch official reacted to the plea of Delhi Police to retain Jundal's custody as inappropriate. \"They have cited one case for being allowed to keep him. Is their case bigger than ours (the 26/11 terror attack)?\" Added an ATS officer, \"It is just a battle to hog credit.\"The relations between Delhi and Mumbai got considerably strained recently when Delhi Special Cell conducted an operation in Mumbai early this year to nab two Pakistani terrorists, Waqqas and Tabrez, along with Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh in connection with the 13/7 blasts in Mumbai.Maharashtra ATS was unhappy that it was not kept in the loop about this. What followed were accusations and counter accusations over the ATS arrest of one Naqi Ahmed, whom Delhi Police called their informer but Maharashtra ATS him as a key accused in the 13/7 terrorist case.The feud led minority rights activists to accuse the ATS of implicating an innocent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439375", "title": "Cop escapes attack by sword wielding goon", "text": "NAGPUR: A head constable was lucky to escape a criminal's swipe of a sword when he tried to nab the armed miscreant at Lalganj locality in Lakadganj on Wednesday evening. Ashok Chorpagar, in-charge of Lalganj chowkt of Lakadganj police station, managed to save his life by fighting back with his lathi after being caught with surprise at first. A case of attempt to murder has been registered but no arrest has been made yet.Chorpagar was alone at Lalganj police chowky when local residents informed him about three armed miscreants creating a ruckus. Chorpagar's colleague at the chowky had gone to the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital ( IGGMCH) for some work when the incident took place. So, Chorpagar went alone to deal with the armed goons.Spotting Chorpagar, two miscreants fled the place immediately. However, one of the miscreants, later identified as Sameer Khan, charged towards Chorpagar and asked him to leave the place. Khan swung his sword towards Chorpagar, but the blow landed on the bike's dickey.The second attempt was thwarted by Chorpagar with his lathi. Before Khan could swing his sword further, Chorpagar struck him on the shoulder with his stick. Khan fell to the ground as Chorpagar started fighting back after emerging from the initial surprise. However, Khan slipped away before Chorpagar could nab him. Cops from Lakadganj police station have launched a manhunt for Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438997", "title": "Call record leaked to undermine me: CBI joint director", "text": "HYDERABAD: In his complaint to the city police, CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana has stated that his call data record (CDR) was obtained by those accused who are being investigated by him in order that they may threaten him and destroy his self-confidence.In a three-page complaint filed with city police, the joint director states that YSR Congress made his cellphone call details public on June 21 which were subsequently broadcast on Sakshi TV with his photographs and arbitrary inferences.He alleged that the entire act was illegal and done with the deliberate intention of damaging his self-confidence while he was supervising the probe into high-profile scams such as the ones involving OMC and Emaar companies and the Jaganmohan Reddy disproportionate assets case.Lakshminarayana also alleged that, following Jagan's arrest by CBI, certain people have intensified their efforts to tarnish his image.The joint director has described the entire matter as one amounting to breach of privacy and violation of his rights.He demanded that the probe agency look into how service-provider BSNL could share his call records with certain people.Lakshminarayana also pointed out that one Raghuram Krishna Raju of Gachibowli had approached the high court on January 23 with his call details only to later withdraw the petition. He suggested that police should probe how Raju managed to get his phone call details.Meanwhile, CCS sleuths have written to BSNL asking how it was that the service provider had given away the CBI joint director's call records.\"Once we receive the information from BSNL, we will be able to take the probe further,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14447955", "title": "CBI starts probe in acid attack case in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: The CBI team has started investigation into the case of acid attack on three minor girls in Rohtak. Since the state police have failed to crack the case, which occurred on June 18, 2011, the Punjab and Haryana high court has transferred the probe to CBI.Sources said the CBI team recorded the statements of girls and also collected other relevant details and evidences related to the case on its arrival in Rothak. The team members, however, stayed away from the mediapersons and refused to share any information regarding the case.Two youths had attacked the three girls when they were going home on scooter after attending tuition classes. The girls had sustained minor injuries. Although one of the girls had named a youth, Rohan, as one of the accused, police gave him the clean chit after investigation and later nabbed another man, Jitender, who confessed to his involvement in the attack. He said a woman relative of one of the victims had asked him to throw acid on them.The girls approached the high court, demanding a probe by CBI. Accepting their demand, the court has directed the CBI to investigate the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "14443707", "title": "Ex-DMs booked for 'illegal' land allotment", "text": "KISHANGANJ: State vigilance investigation bureau has lodged an FIR against 12 officials, including two former DMs of Kishanganj, on charges of corruption and criminal conspiracy in illegal allotment of 182.07 acre of government land to 44 persons in Kishanganj district between 1997 and 1999.The land was allotted on lease of 90 years for tea plantation in Pothia and Thakurganj circles of the district. The accused named in the FIR lodged by DSP (vigilance) Ashwani Kumar in Patna on June 25 include former DMs Radheshayam Bihari Singh and Subodh Nath Thakur. They have been charged under various Sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act besides Section 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC. The matter was put up before vigilance judge R N Singh on Tuesday for necessary action.Sources said the other accused include ex-ADMs Ram Niwas Pande and Bengali Ram, former SDOs Madan Mohan Dev and Pramod Kumar Singh, former DCLRs Ramesh Mishra and Rahbare Alam, former Pothia circle officers Raghunath Jha and Fateh Fayyad and former Thakurganj circle officers Poonam Kumari Jha and Masood Alam. Thakur was the DM from October 27, 1997 to June 29, 1998. He was succeeded by Singh from June 30, 1998 to November 12, 1999.The administration move had led to unrest among tribals and downtrodden landless peasants. The beneficiaries of the land allotments included big businessmen, corporate honchos and a few senior IAS officials who have since retired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14448826", "title": "New drug offers hope for diabetes treatment", "text": "London: Type 2 diabetes patients who don't respond to metformin , the most widely used medication for the disease, may get significant benefit from a new second-line drug, a new study has claimed. The new drug, linagliptin, results in significantly less weight gain than the most common second-line drugs currently used, and may even carry a smaller risk of cardiovascular events such as heart attack and stroke, according to the study published in The Lancet. Though metformin is the most commonly prescribed drug to treat diabetes, which affects almost 10% the world's population, it can become ineffective in the long-term for many patients. Those who do not respond to metformin alone are offered an additional drug known as sulphonylureas. However, sulphonylureas can lead to hypoglycaemia, or low blood sugar levels, and weight gain, raising the risk of heart attack and stroke. \"Since hypoglycaemia have substantial negative clinical consequences in terms of cognitive function, mortality... and quality of life, its prevention is a crucial component of any diabetes management programme ,\" said study author professor Baptist Gallwitz of Tubingen University Hospital in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14444850", "title": "Harayana panchayat passes resolution to save girl child", "text": "ROHTAK: A panchayat in Haryana's Mahendragarh district on Tuesday took a first of its kind initiative by passing a resolution to save the girl child. As per the resolution, the panchayat will put money in a fixed deposit worth Rs 5,000 in the name of a newly-born baby girl.Bewal village panchayat will also gift 5 kg ghee to the mother on the birth of the girl child. In Haryana, as per convention, only mothers of newly born male children are offered gifts.The money required for the scheme will be sought from the panchayat funds. \"The panchayat will open a fixed deposit account in the name of the newborn girl,\" said village sarpanch Sanjay Brahmachari.According to the 2011 census, Haryana fares worst in terms of selective female abortions with a sex-ratio of 877 females against 1000 males.\"There is concern in the village over figures relating to newly borns. A health department report indicated that against 12 boy children, only five girls were born in the village since January,\" said Brahmachari.He said all five newborn girls would be given financial benefit. \"It's a welcome initiative required to improve the abysmal sex ratio in the district,\" said Mahendragarh DC Saket Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438467", "title": "Lakshmipet carnage: Dalits to hold large-scale protests", "text": "HYDERABAD: Holding the government responsible for the recent dalit carnage at Lakshmipeta in Srikakulam district in which five people died, various dalit organizations on Wednesday decided to hold a large-scale protest at Lakshmipet on July 2 and in Hyderabad on July 17.Speaking on the occasion, the AP Dalit Mahasabha demanded a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the incident and wanted the government to announce Rs 10 lakh ex gratia to the family of the deceased and a government job, besides 250 acres of land to the dalits. They also demanded the arrest of all the accused within ten days and appointment of a fast track court to dispose of the case within six months.Terming the incident as a disgrace to the state, Katti Padma Rao, founder and general secretary, AP Dalit Mahasabha, said, the lower caste people were massacred in a broad daylight. Though the local police and administration came to know about the upper caste leaders' plan to attack the dalits, they failed to stop it, he said. A minister from north coastal district was responsible for the attack, he said.Balladeer Gaddar, who unveiled the poster of the protest programme, appealed to singers and artistes to take the movement forward. He appealed to all elected representatives from scheduled caste reserved constituencies to put pressure on the government to accept their demands or else told them to stay away from the presidential polls.Later, the members submitted a fact finding report on this incident to the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC). Admitting the case, the commission directed the state chief secretary and the director general of police to submit a detailed report on the incident by July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437513", "title": "Thief arrested, Rs 2.05 lakh recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Afzalgunj police have arrested a thief and recovered Rs 2.05 lakh stolen cash from his possession on Wednesday.The arrested accused, Mohammed Rukhsan Khan, is a plumber from Azampura. At 9.15 pm on June 23, Khan, with the assistance of his friend Ameer, allegedly snatched away a cash bag from APSRTC Kacheguda counter staff Yadi Reddy near the Central Bus Station.Based on the complaint lodged by the victim, a case was booked by the Afzulgunj police. During the probe, police found out that the offence was committed by Khan and he was nabbed at Chaderghat on Wednesday morning.Police recovered the entire stolen booty from his house and have seized his bike. The arrested accused was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14456615", "title": "Cyclists to get dedicated lane on Mysore roads", "text": "MYSORE: Some of the arterial roads in the central business district will have dedicated lane for cyclists who wants to take the eco-friendly mode of transport.Stretches of JLB road, Irwin road, New Sayyaji Rao road, Nelson Mandela road, Bangalore-Nilgiris road, KRS road, Chamaraja Double road and Vishwa Manav Double road will have cycle tracks while the entire stretch of Radhakrishna Avenue and Krishnaraja Boulevard will sport such a facility. DC P S Vastrad accompanied by MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath and corporation commissioner M R Ravi and ACP (Traffic) Shankaregowda on Wednesday did a tour of the city's roads. At the end of the inspection, 11 roads were ordered to have cycle lane.During the inspection, which started at 9 am, the officials found that many of the cyclists were not getting their space and were struggling with other motorists. \"By creating some space for the cyclists we want to discipline the motorists initially. We'll ask the motorists not to use the space earmarked for the cyclists,\" Vastrad told The Times of India.The civic bodies have been directed to mark 4 ft from the footpath on the either side of the road with yellow paint to demarcate the area for cyclists. In some roads where there is scope, the cycle track will have 5 ft. A senior official said majority of the roads that are earmarked for creation of cycle tracks serve the students, who mostly depend on cycles. By dedicating the space for cyclists, we can send out a message. The officials who are asked to cycle their way to work on Mondays can also benefit by this, he explained. Some of these stretches have architectural wonders like Krishnaraja Boulevard and Radhakrishna Avenue next to Maharaja's College campus.While one circuit starting from Ramaswamy Circle to JSS Medical College junction is sought to be created, which will be 6.8 kms, the 2.5 kms around the Mysore Palace will have the facility. While the entire stretch Krishnaraja Boulevard of 1.8 kms will have the cycle track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14458168", "title": "Karthika says I have not trained Tulasi", "text": "Karthika, the tall and beautiful actress says, she has not taught acting for her sister Tulasi, who is debuting to film industry through Mani Ratnam's Kadal with Gautham, son of Karthik in the lead.Speaking on it Karthika said, \"Tulasi is being trained by Mani uncle and is being completely taken care by Suhasini aunty and so no need to be scared about her. But I'm worried about exams of Tulasi, as she even has to pass through her 9th class board exams this year.\"Karthika further added, \"The case is different here, who will loose, if they get a chance to debut through the top notch director Mani Ratnam and with AR Rahman scoring the music.\" \"I wasn't trained in dance/theater indeed my mom Radha wanted me to present at my natural best and hopes same with my sister Tulasi even,\" concluded Karthika.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440429", "title": "Congress MLA demands removal of OBC commission chairman", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress legislator Sonaram Chaudhary has demanded removal of Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission's chairman Justice I S Israni for reportedly suggesting to review the OBC quota in government jobs and educational institutes.The ruling party's legislator from Baytoo (Barmer) has warned that there would be unrest in the state if the commission \"tampered\" with the OBC quota \"to please the Gujjars\".Chaudhary, who belongs to the OBC category, even alleged that Justice Israni's appointment to the commission was chief minister Ashok Gehlot's \"conspiracy\" to pitch different communities against each other on the quota issue.\"I request the chief minister not to follow the policy of divide and rule and reconsider the appointment of Justice Israni who is anti-farmers,\" Chaudhary told TOI on Wednesday. The legislator also addressed a press conference in Barmer to demand Justice Israni's removal.Chaudhary quoted a recent interview of Justice Israni carried by a vernacular daily to point out that the commission that has been asked to report on the legality of Gujjars' demand for 5% separate quota along with the Special Backward Classes (SBC) was preparing to review the OBC quota too. Gujjars are currently included in the OBC category.\"We will not allow the commission to grant 5% separate quota to Gujjars from the OBC quota of 21%. The OBC youth will never accept this and take to the streets. Gujjars are limited to four-five districts, while the Jats are in 33 districts; what will happen if they (Jat youths) turn against the government?\" Chaudhary said, cautioning the Gehlot-government of the repercussions of reviewing the OBC quota.\"The Congress would stand to lose ultimately. We will meet our president Sonia Gandhi also to protect our rights,\" the legislator said.Chaudhary has also demanded that the commission's chairperson should be from the OBC communities only. \"The chief minister should talk to leaders of major OBC communities to finalise the replacement of Justice Israni,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14438191", "title": "Pakistan lodges complaint over poor umpiring decisions", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan has formally lodged a complaint over poor umpiring decisions in the first Test against Sri Lanka at Galle, at a time when the International Cricket Council executive board has decided against making the Umpires Decision Review System (UDRS) compulsory in all Tests.Clearly buckling under pressure from the Indian cricket board's strong opposition to the UDRS, the ICC board today decided to stick with the current system of allowing boards to decide themselves on having the UDRS in a bilateral series.Presently Sri Lanka being the home board has not implemented the UDRS in the series against Pakistan although when Pakistan hosted the Lankans last year in the UAE they had enforced the UDRS technology with the help of sponsors.\"Pakistan team manager Naved Cheema and coach Dav Whatore formally lodged a complaint over the umpiring with match referee David Boon after the test ended,\" a source close to the Pakistan team said.England's Ian Gould and Australian Steve Davis were guilty of giving at least 10 to 12 contentious decisions in the Galle test most of which went against Pakistan who were outclassed in the match.\"Cheema and Whatmore told Boon that the Pakistani players had concerns over the umpiring standards as while one or two bad decisions were acceptable but the majority of bad decisions went against them in the test,\" the source said.The source said the team management had also sent its report on the umpiring to the ICC as per regulations after the match.Pakistan's former test captain Rashid Latif said he was surprised at India's continuing opposition to the UDRS technology.\"It is not perfect everyone knows that. Technology is never 100 per cent correct but it has definitely brought up an improvement in umpiring standards and reduced errors in matches which it is being used,\" Latif said.\"What surprises me is the ICC's continuing unclear stance on the compulsory use of the UDRS. This is damaging for the sport and we are seeing the effects in the series with Sri Lanka. The Lankans had the system in place for their series against England but not for Pakistan that is why it is necessary to make the use of UDRS mandatory for all matches and ICC should financially subsidize costs,\" he said.He said the number of bad decisions that went against Pakistan in Galle were ridiculous and cost them the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447533", "title": "CM denies role in hike, says subsidy may go on", "text": "NEW DELHI: Claiming that the Delhi government had no role in the tariff hike, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that DERC had consulted all stakeholders before finalizing the move. However, she said her government will try maintaining the subsidy given to those who consume less than 200 units.Earlier in the day Dikshit had said that those who are unhappy with the hike should approach DERC or Central Electricity Regulatory Commission.Meanwhile, VVIPs will have to shell out lesser for power than consumers in other parts of the city. As per the new tariff chart, the hike for NDMC consumers is 20.87%, the lowest among all discoms. NDMC is the only discom with a surplus of Rs 400 crore even as private distributors are facing deficits amounting to Rs 5,800 crore.Though DERC had vowed to end the monopoly enjoyed by VVIPs promising that the next tariff order would follow the principle 'one tariff, one city', the regulator announced the lowest hike for NDMC. While private discoms BRPL, BYPL and Tata Delhi Power have been granted an 8% surcharge to recover deficits, DERC said that \"no surcharge is needed for NDMC\". However, NDMC, will also be able to claim power purchase costs from consumers on a quarterly basis. .While NDMC's existing tariff rates are in the range of Rs 2 to Rs 4.35/unit depending on the various slabs, the new rates are Rs 3.10/unit for consumption up to 200 units, Rs 4.10/unit for usage between 0-400 units and Rs 5.15/unit for usage over 400 units in the domestic category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14438167", "title": "Rosaiah should quit as Tamil Nadu governor: CPI", "text": "GUNTUR: CPI state secretary K Narayana demanded resignation of Rosaiah as Tamil Nadu governor in the wake of summons issued in connection with the Ameerpet land scam. The CPI leader said that it was improper for senior leaders to occupy high positions while facing corruption charges.Speaking to reporters here on Wednesday, Narayana said that senior officials who had worked under Rosaiah deposed before the judge clearly stating that the Ameerpet land regularization was cleared by him when he was chief minister. \"So, there is no point in Rosaiah claiming innocence in the case,\" Narayana pointed out.Narayana said his party would intensify agitation over shortage of seeds and fertilizers and take up protests on June 29 and 30 in all districts. He said they would resume soon the struggle for restoration of the Vanpic project land to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14456417", "title": "Fight over fetching liquor costs labourer his life", "text": "MUMBAI: A fight over fetching liquor cost a 35-year-old construction labourer his life on Tuesday. Naveen Ghivela was found bludgeoned to death with a burning piece of wood at a labour camp in MIDC, Andheri East. The police have lodged a case of murder against Ghivela's roommate, Mangalu Rote, 25.According to the police, Ghivela shared his room with Rote and another construction worker, Nirvas Majhi, 25. The trio was hired for the construction of a highrise, Eco Residency, on Marol-Military Road and resided in a labour camp on the site itself. Around 9.45 pm on Tuesday, after finishing their work, the trio were sitting inside their room. \"Rote asked Ghivela to fetch a bottle of liquor for him. Ghivela refused and the two had a fight. Ghivela then struck Rote on his right leg and also punched him in the eye. This infuriated Rote,\" a police official said.Without another thought, Rote picked up a piece of burning wood nearby and bludgeoned Ghivela on the head with it. While Rote escaped from the room, Ghivela was rushed to a local hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Later, Majhi gave a statement to the MIDC police, complaining of Rote's involvement in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14445544", "title": "Traffic on 4-lane stretch is slow, says Vedike", "text": "Mangalore: The Balakedarara Hitharakshana Vedike, Puttur has hit out at New Mangalore Port Road Company Ltd for designing the project road from BC Road to Padil for a speed of 50 kmph. The Vedike in letters to local and state-level trade and commerce bodies said the four-laning project has failed to live up to expectations that it would facilitate speedy, easy and safe travel on the stretch. Dinesh K Bhat of the Vedike said the manner in which the project had been executed raises doubts on competence and ability of the company to handle a project of this nature. \"On several stretches, vehicles are likely to go out of control if they travel too fast. The absence of bus bays impedes the smooth flow of traffic as buses stop on the main carriageway to allow passengers alight and board,\" he said. The move by vehicle owners to stop their vehicles on the main carriageway to purchase fish and other items at Farangipete too is an impediment for the smooth flow of traffic. \"The company has failed to take into consideration the need of over bridges for pedestrians at Thumbe, Kannur, Farangipete, BC Road and Kaikamba,\" Dinesh said adding there is also a need to reconsider the move by the company to collect toll for the project which is yet incomplete in many aspects. Refuting the observations, PN Gawasane, project director, told TOI that four-laning projects were taken up based on traffic density and not necessarily for speed. \"The traffic density on BC Road-Padil stretch was 14,000 passenger car units at project implementation stage warranting four-laning. If the project design had to accommodate faster movement of traffic, the company will have to go in for greater land acquisition on the stretch posing inconvenience to more people,\" he said. The entire project has been conceived and executed using 31 metre right of way (RoW) as against the 60 metre RoW envisaged for all subsequent 4 laning projects.. Bus bays and other facilities as demanded by the Vedike would necessitate additional acquisition of land, he said and added that sthose could be provided at a later date. \"The main aim of the four-laning is to segregate traffic by providing a median and reduce chances of accident,\"s he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449255", "title": "2 arrested with stolen bike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police have arrested two men and recovered a stolen bike from their possession. The accused have been identified as Bittu and Pardeep Kumar, both residents of Sector 52 here.\"We had signaled the accused to stop near a police naka at Kaimbwala village for regular checking. However, the accused tried to accelerate and flee,\" said a police official here.\"The accused did not have any documents and they had pasted a fake registration number on the plate.They were using the fake registration number PB-65-1805 whereas its original number is HP-17-B-5522,\" he added.Police said the bike was stolen from Sector 15 few months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445567", "title": "Farmer's daughter discovers green pesticide", "text": "BANGALORE: This 15 year-old from Puttur saw her dad losing his cocoa crop to pests. It spurred her to start work on making a bio-pesticide with five plant extracts. The invention finally took her to an international competition in the US in May.When Sindoora Saraswati walked on to the stage, hundreds of government school children gathered at the Shikshakara Sadan were bowled over. \"I am a farmer's daughter. I also hail from a village, like many of you. Whatever small thoughts you have, start implementing them,\" she said.This Class 10 student from Vivekananda English Medium School, Puttur, best describes scientific temper. Sindoora was speaking as part of Intel India's 'Intel Future Scientist Programme' in Karnataka. She was part of the five-member team that represented India at Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in the US.Raghavendra Ramachandra, who just completed his Class 12, astounded the fair with his project in organic chemistry along with Sindoora. He will be at Sweden this December to witness the Nobel award ceremony. His project was about using sunlight to rejuvenate fuel.Intel India, with an aim to instill scientific temper among students and teachers, is planning to reach out to seven districts in the state. Four specially designed mobile vans will be sent on a Vigyan Yatra to attract onlookers with science exhibits with on-board scientists and science material. They are expected to tour each district for three days, conducting science workshops for students. They plan to reach out to 500 teachers and 5,000 students.The programme will consist of seven modules delivered over two days of training, comprising inquiry-based learning and facilitating scientific inquiry. It will help science teachers present their curriculum from an inquiry-based perspective to help build a spirit of research and innovation in students.Primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri said: \"The government is also coming up with a lot of initiatives to encourage children to take up Science. Entrepreneurs and companies should come forward to adopt schools. If organizations want to invest money in social service, they should look at education as a priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444442", "title": "Corporation to spread awareness on monsoon diseases", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation will conduct awareness programmes for schoolchildren and women groups and school students. The step comes in the wake of more than 180 dengue cases in the city, compared to 68 last year.\"We are conducting regular review meetings for monsoon preparedness,\" the officer said. Zonal level officers will give awareness speeches on monsoon diseases during school assembly sessions. \"We will distribute pamphlets to students. We are also thinking of giving training to teachers. After covering corporation schools, our officers will visit private schools,\" the officer said.Corporation officials said they have intensified fogging operations across the city. They also said that the poor condition of sanitation in the city is a cause of concern.Corporation officials said that they are now using the chemical malathion instead of pyrethrum and temephose for fogging operations as the mosquitoes may have developed resistance to the last two. World Health Organisation, however, recommends use of deltamethrin, a synthetic pesticide with a knockout effect, for control of adult mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14449119", "title": "Short spell of rain leads to waterlogged roads", "text": "VARANASI: While the region is receiving rainfall in small packages, the civic amenities of the city has totally crumbled.While the officials of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) claim that city is ready to face monsoon, the short spell of rainfall on Monday late night exposed the preparations of VNN as most parts of the city remained waterlogged till next day and have created slippery and muddy conditions especially in the areas where roads were dug to lay sewer and drainage pipelines.The slippery roads with plenty of potholes and rough patches created a restricted movement of traffic at most of the places specially Sankul Dhara, Bazardiha, Sonarpura, Shivala, Sundarpur, Kakarmatta, Rewari Talab, Sigra, Mehmoorganj areas. A number of trans-Varuna areas especially Pandeypur, Lalpur-Shivpur wore similar look as the roads in these areas were dug to lay sewer pipelines.At the same time, city has received no relief from the heap of garbage dumped at several places at Benia Bagh, Sonia, Godowlia crossing, and Jawahar Nagar areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450738", "title": "Corporation drafts plan to tap solar power", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a step to conserve energy, the city corporation, on Wednesday, June 27, 2012 submitted a draft plan for the Solar City project, part of the Union Ministry of New and Renewable energy project. The meeting was attended by senior officials of Coimbatore Corporation and TANGEDCO to discuss the various steps to be initiated as part of the project.However, it was decided that the draft plan would be revised and resubmitted as some of its statistics evoked mixed response from stake holders, especially TANGEDCO officials. The consultants have been asked to crosscheck and revise the draft report. The revised draft report will include the suggestions from officials who participated in the review meeting and finalised before it is submitted to the central government ministry for approval.\"Some statistics about power supply mentioned in the report do not tally with our department records and we have asked them to cross check and resubmit the figures. The reports say that total electrical energy requirement of Coimbatore is actually 1800 megawatts but the report states it is around 600 megawatts,\" said A Thangavelu, chief engineer, TANGEDCO, Coimbatore region.As per the draft plan the projected energy consumption of Coimbatore in the year 2018 is placed at 4823.51 Million Units (mu) and a 10 percent conventional energy reduction of 482.35mu by tapping solar energy in the commercial, residential, industrial and government sector is the main objective of the solar city project. Coimbatore is one among 60 cities selected across the country and the only city in Tamil Nadu where the project will be implemented. The energy reduction objective is to be achieved in the next five years.\"After incorporating the suggestions and cross checking the figures a revised master plan will be submitted and we expect the final plan to be sent to the ministry within 15 days,\" said Ravi Ranjan Guru, manager (Energy and Climate), ICLEI- local government for Sustainability, New Delhi. ICLEI is the nodal organisation associated with Coimbatore Corporation in the Solar City project.The master plan also emphasises on the creation of a Solar City Cell at the municipal corporation to implement the proposals of the solar city project. The cell will be headed by a technical officer at the level of an executive engineer or above. The municipal corporation is also expected to carry out a massive awareness campaign to ensure that the use of solar energy is popularised and promoted among the public.\"Some simple methods proposed include the introduction of solar water heaters, cookers, biogas cooking methods etc in residential, commercial and hospitality sectors,\" Guru added. The meeting also discussed the possible incentives that could be introduced for those who promote solar energy in their homes and commercial establishments. The suggestions put forth include a fixed percent rebate in property tax, power tariff and also special subsidies from the government to promote the project among public.The city corporation has also been asked to propose pilot projects with special incentives to the users to promote renewable energy. All pilot projects should be executed in the first year of implementation. The total investment of all proposed pilot projects as per the draft plan is 369 lakh out of which the central government will provide 110.8 lakh and the state will contribute 148.22 lakh and the users will have to contribute 110.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447265", "title": "CBI official fined for delayed reply to RTI plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Keeping an RTI applicant waiting for nearly six months for information proved costly for a senior officer of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in Gandhinagar. The central information commission slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on the central public information officer (CPIO) of the CBI for delaying to respond to an application for six months.The information pertained to the final investigation report of the CBI with regard to a corruption case involving the then station director of the All India Radio station in Ahmedabad.The RTI applicant Ravindra Parmar, who was an employee of AIR and the whistleblower in the case, had led the CBI to initiate an enquiry against the station director, Sadhana Bhatt. Parmar sought details regarding the verification report that the CBI had submitted after probing the case.\"The case pertains to four sponsored programs in 2006 and 2007 undertaken by AIR. The CDs of recording of sponsored programs were missing and were never made part of the verification record. I was demanding a copy of the verification report and the copy of the CDs pertaining to the case. For six months, the CBI officer did not respond to my application,\" said Parmar.Central public information officer of the CBI, Deepak Damor, argued before the central information commission that Parmar had made multiple applications and had mixed them up. He also contended that there was no intention of hiding any information from the applicant as it is made out to be.However, chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra noted: \"We are of the view that the delay on the part of the CPIO concerned was not justified. The fact remains that the RTI application remained with the CPIO for more than six months before it was considered. The argument that it got mixed up with other similar applications and complaints is not very convincing. Every office needs to be organized in a manner that papers are kept in an orderly fashion and attended to according to their relative importance,\" Mishra said in the order.The order stated, \"Since the RTI application has to be dealt with within a period of 30 days, there is no question of getting it mixed up with other such papers. Therefore, we do not accept the explanation offered by the CPIO as reasonable enough.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443398", "title": "DTEd online results today", "text": "PUNE: The online results of the first and second year diploma in teachers education (DTEd) course will be declared at 1 pm on Thursday. Students can access the result on website:The exam was conducted in April by Pune-based Maharashtra State Council of Examination (MSCE), which is the state government's exam conducting body for education diploma and std IV and VII scholarship exams.The office of the MSCE commissioner issued a release on Wednesday stating that the marksheet and result sheet will be distributed to DTEd colleges on July 12 through the concerned principal of district institute of education and training (DIET) or educational inspector, Mumbai (South).The D.T.Ed course is widely regarded as the gateway to teaching assistant jobs at educational institutions run by the state government or local self-governing bodies like the municipal corporations, municipal councils and zilla parishads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14440040", "title": "Gadchiroli shuts down over Usendi's arrest", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A complete bandh was observed in Gadchiroli on Wednesday to protest the arrest of MLA Namdeo Usendi and his two party colleagues. Congress activists staged protests and blocked traffic in Gadchiroli during the bandh.MLA Namdeo Usendi, district Congress president Hasan Gilani and tehsil unit president Shankar Salodkar had been arrested for allegedly obstructing zilla parishad employees from discharging their duties on Monday. The three and their supporters had gone to check complaints regarding late arrival of majority of ZP employees in Gadchiroli. However, Usendi and his party colleagues were accused of locking the gate of ZP office, thus denying entry to employees. Cops arrested the three after a complaint was lodged by CEO Sumant Bhange.With Usendi denying charges of closing the doors, his supporters called for a bandh on Wednesday. Entire market in Gadchiroli remained closed during the day. Schools and colleges declared a holiday due to the bandh call. However, emergency services like hospitals and medical shops remained open. There was no effect on functioning of government offices and banks during the bandh.Dozens of party activists led by ZP opposition leader Bandopanth Mallelwar and senior leader Ram Meshram staged a protest at Priyadarshani square in Gadchiroli. They also blocked traffic for over 15 minutes during the protest.The protesters criticized the CEO for lodging false complaint against MLA Usendi and demanded his resignation. They also flayed police department for acting under pressure. Demand of action against ZP staffers coming late to office was also raised during the agitation.Markets in Chamorshi and Aheri towns also remained closed in response to the bandh call. Party activists led by tehsil president Mehboob Ali submitted memorandum to additional district collector in Aheri seeking action against CEO Sumant Bhange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "14442834", "title": "Dalit killed after 4 yrs of marriage to upper caste girl", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A dalit youth, who had married an upper caste girl inn the face of strong opposition from her family four years back, was killed in Sector 8 of Kurukshetra.The youth, Rohtas Kumar, 32, was missing since January 16 and his body was recovered from the house of a local BJP leader on Tuesday, where Kumar had been staying as a tenant after his marriage in 2008. Police believe that he was killed few months back.On the complaint of Kumar's brother, Vajir Singh, the police have booked eight persons, including Kumar's wife, Sonia Sharma, 27, and her parents, residents of Kami village of Panchkula, under murder charges.Rohtas Kumar, a property dealer and resident of village Rojla (Karnal), had met Sonia first time when she was pursing a post-graduate course in Kurukshetra University in 2008, said Kumar's family members.They got married in the same year after a love affair despite the fact that her parents opposed the wedding, said Kumar's brother, Vajir Singh in a police complaint.\"But, even after marriage, the couple faced lot of opposition from her family members who pressurized her to seek divorce from him. Finally, she gave in, agreed to divorce her husband and returned to her parent' house,\" he added.Singh told the police that they could not track his brother for five months as his mobile phone remained switch off.Finding that his house was locked for long, the house owner requested the police to break the lock, to find the body of Kumar, which had been reduced to a skelton.The police have recovered an iron rod from the house and blood stains can be seen on the walls.\"We have to wait for the forensic report to ascertain when the crime took place,\" said investigating officer Dayal Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "14439775", "title": "Fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki faces heat from his own Koli community", "text": "Bhavnagar: It's not going to be a cakewalk for Gujarat's fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki, who is facing graft charges in a fishing scam, in the forthcoming assembly elections.Even as he stares at a long legal battle in the scam, Solanki's one-time associates are preparing to turn the tables on him in his own backyard.Koli leaders have floated a separate outfit under the banner of Koli Seva Samaj to counter Solanki's Koli Sena, which he formed four years ago to voice the community's problems. And, the man spearheading the anti-Solanki movement is none other than Dhiru Shiyal, who managed his poll campaign in the last three assembly elections.This is the first time that Solanki, touted to be the tallest Koli leader in the state, is facing opposition from his own community.Bhavnagar district has a 34 per cent Koli population and the community wields a considerable clout on at least 20 seats in the state.Anger has been brewing among local Koli leaders against Solanki after he reportedly sidelined them in local political affairs.The outfit, which has nearly 4,000 members, has been organizing a series of community programmes. They have held community gatherings in Bhavnagar to felicitate elected Koli members in various Panchayati Raj institutions, market yards and co-operative societies.Interestingly, the outfit which invites Koli leaders irrespective of their political allegiances has barred Solanki and another Koli leader R C Makwana from its events. Makwana is the husband of Talaja BJP legislator Bhavna Makwana.\"Through these gatherings, we want the community people to know who their actual leaders are,\" said Shiyal, taking a swipe at SolankiSources said the outfit's aim is to oppose Solanki while ensuring his political defeat in the ensuing polls.The organization comprises BJP dissidents along with Koli leaders affiliated to the Congress in Bhavnagar district.Recently, a delegation from the organization also met chief minister Narendra Modi and told him that Solanki is \"not a Koli leader\".\"We met Modi and told him that there is a growing anti- Parshottam Solanki feeling among the community and he is not our leader,'' said Shiyal, who represents BJP on the board of Talaja Market Yard.A member of the outfit told TOI, \"We want Koli leaders who work for the community and not those who use the community for their own interest.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448353", "title": "Railways in denial, but lax laws help touts thrive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Northern Railway is in denial on touts playing the system and cornering tickets. It calls TOI's reports \"totally incorrect\", but its own figures show that since March this year , 219 staffers were caught bending rules. No criminal cases were lodged against them. Police confirm this. But Neeraj Sharma, chief public relations officer (Northern Railway ), assures \"proper departmental action against them\" . The problem , legal experts and enforcement agencies , say lies in the fact that the anti-touting laws are far from stringent . Worse , its provisions are rarely enforced in full. Sharma's office, despite its rejoinder , released a newspaper advertisement on Tuesday warning travellers against buying tickets from touts. Punishment for those caught in such an act is three months and a fine , the ad says . It advised the public to buy tickets only from railway counters or authorized agents .Despite the railway's strenuous efforts to deny the TOI reports , the tout-railway staffer-police nexus came to the fore again on Tuesday when Delhi Police suspended two GRP men . A sting operation had exposed them selling tickets in collusion with railway personnel . \"We'll investigate the case . We've asked for the recording . This year , we've arrested 30 touts in six months against 27 the same time last year ,\" additional DCP, railways , Sanjay Bhatia said .The Delhi anti-touting law stipulates a one-month jail term or Rs 5,000 fine for unauthorized ticket agents . This is hardly a rap for a man who routinely spends anything between Rs 200 and Rs 3,000 paying penalties or greasing palms . But, the law lays down more - repeat offenders will be externed from the city . There hasn't been one case of this provision being enforced , legal experts and enforcement agencies say . \"For a tout, paying a fine is no big deal . The same antitouting Act says that repeat offenders are to be barred from the city . Never has this happened . The same agent continues to enjoy a free run ,'' an officer says .That's not all . These cases clearly violate the Railway Act. Yet, there's no case of the railway vigilance unit picking up a corrupt employee and handing him over to the police . \"Departmental inquiries are routine , but corrupt staffers seldom stand to lose anything beyond some money and a couple of promotions ,'' a senior officer says .Shockingly , touts don't just operate outside booking offices. Northern Railway sources confirm they're equally \"active'' on station platforms . \"This summer 648 touts have been caught and 1,502 passengers were found travelling on tickets reserved in fictitious names and the railways collected Rs 9,02,941 from them . As many as 23 unauthorized travel agents were busted and prosecuted . More importantly , 100 touts were nabbed at railway stations and prosecuted .The average daily earnings from illegal touting of Tatkaal railway tickets is worth Rs 6cr , say railway officers . The tout and those in his network can make a minimum of Rs 300 from a plain sleeper class ticket. A second AC ticket earns Rs 3,000. \"Most touts operate through youngsters they pick up from their villages . A fresh recruit has to pay his way through before he's allowed to become a full-timer ,'' a GRP officer confirms .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449349", "title": "Haryana govt mandate soon on zero wastage of water", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana will soon make it mandatory for all new residential, commercial and industrial sectors to achieve zero wastage of water.The state, which has been witnessing hectic industrialization and urbanization, is taking this step keeping in mind the growing scarcity of water in Haryana and the pan-India trend. A top government official said the state was facing shortage of water and Delhi was demanding more supply of raw water from Haryana.\"An estimate prepared in 1996 projected that we needed 36 million acre feet (MAF) water annually to meet our demands whereas the water available was only 14 MAF. The demand of water has grown but the availability has not improved. So, we need to take some preventive steps including compulsory 100% use of recycled water across the state,\" the official said.According to rough estimates, only 20% of water that people get is put to potable use. Sources said the irrigation department would come out with an executive order to conserve and reuse waste water.\"We will only keep supplying 20% water for drinking purposes and the agencies or companies developing any area would be responsible for 100% recycle and reuse of water. We will link this to the provision of licensing for developing any real estate project,\" the official said.The irrigation department is also considering the proposal to supply only recycled water to companies for industrial use so that there is major reduction in demand.\"Industrial houses can take separate connection to meet their drinking water needs. We have no option but to take these steps,\" an irrigation department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447381", "title": "Pandey's name crops up in third murder", "text": "Mumbai: More skeletons are tumbling out of the closet of property broker Gopal Pandey who is in Borivli police's custody for dual killings of builder Nitin Dhakan and loan agent Sanjay Chavan.On Wednesday, the police discovered that Pandey, along with two aides, was also involved in a third murder case - that of an autorickshaw driver in 2008. \"The autorickshaw driver, identified only as Vijay (30), is likely to have been a former associate of Pandey who parted ways with him on a bitter note. While a property row and financial disagreement were the motives behind the killings of Dhakan and Chavan, in Vijay's case, the dispute was personal in nature,\" a senior official said.Pandey, who has residences at Vasai and Borivli, has been married three times.Initial investigations have revealed that Pandey and two of his aides reportedly bashed up Vijay and took him in a car to Vikramgadh in the Jawhar taluka of rural Thane in April 2008. Here, he was murdered and his body thrown into a field. \"When we found Vijay's body, his face had been smashed with a stone beyond recognition. His body bore assault marks and he was dressed only in a pair of vest and shorts. We circulated his photographs to all police stations in an attempt to establish his identity. But his family members never turned up. So, we disposed of the body eventually,\" said senior inspector Anil Sandbhor of Vikramgadh police station.Sources said when Vijay did not return home, his brother tried to approach the police to lodge a missing complaint. However, he was threatened with dire consequences by Pandey.Unlike the Dhakan and Chavan killings, Vijay's body wasn't set ablaze.\"Once we nab Pandey's two aides in the case, we will hand over all three of them to Vikramgadh police's custody,\" said a Borivli police official.Officials also pointed out that Pandey involved different groups of men in each offence. \"Six persons have been arrested for Dhakan's murder and six for Chavan's killing. Of these, Pandey, Harun Shaikh and Birbal Singh are common to both the cases.\"Pandey has a lengthy crime record, including cases of daocity, murder and kidnapping against him. He owns a string of properties and an SUV. The police are probing whether he used to work for any developer as he was feared in slum colonies in the suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14431307", "title": "What\u2019s keeping Aishwaryaa busy?", "text": "Even as the grapevine is abuzz with reports that director Aishwaryaa Dhanush's next will be a children's film, for which she is busy auditioning kids and training them, we hear it's her home production that's kept her occupied.A source close to Aishwaryaa tells, \"She is concentrating on director Senthil's next, which stars Sivakarthikeyan and Priya Anand. Moreover, she will soon be flying down to Germany, where her 3 will be screened under the 'director's vision award' category at the ninth Indian Film Festival, Stuttgart, from July 18. Only after she is back will she be able to confirm her next film. However, Aishwaryaa is both working on her own script, and listening to those by others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "14449889", "title": "A melodic gift from Ma", "text": "CIVIL LINES: There are few gifts which are beyond value and so dear that one does not even imagine to part with them. Such a gift, almost a century old, decorates the residence of city-based painter Chand Bhatia, 58, in Civil Lines. A gramophone that still plays records as good as it did when it was bought 90 years ago was gifted to Chand's mother Sheela Chopra by her mother (Chand's maternal grandmother).A music lover, Sheela, collected several melodious records of those years and passed on the heritage to her daughter, who in turn preserved the set and developed an everlasting love for this record player.Chand has 35 hindi and punjabi records. She says her favourite songs are from the movies \"Do Badan\", \"Mere Mehboob\" and \"Raj Dulari\". The painter and her pediatrician husband Dr R C Bhatia, 65, stay alone here as their three daughters \u2014 Mani Bhatia, Hemani Bhatia and Richa Bhatia\u2014 stay outside.\"We listen to the records still at least twice or thrice a week. The gramophone has a unique sound which can not be replaced by any advanced player,\" says Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14444475", "title": "Zardari has abysmally low approval rating in Pakistan: Survey", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's popularity has dipped to an abysmally low, lower than his predecessor Pervez Musharraf , while cricketer-turned politician Imran Khan has the highest popularity ratings in the country.\"Only 14 per cent view Zardari favorably, little changed from last year (11 per cent in 2011), but down significantly from 64 per cent in 2008,\" the Pew Research said releasing the results of its survey in Pakistan on Wednesday.Former Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, who was recently convicted of contempt and dismissed from office by Pakistan's highest court, fares only somewhat better, at 36 per cent favorable.Gilani received similarly poor ratings last year (37 per cent), although as recently as 2010 a majority of Pakistanis expressed a favorable view of him.The most popular leader included on the survey is Imran Khan.Seven-in-ten Pakistanis offer a favorable opinion of the former cricket star and leader of the Pakistani Tehreek-e-Insaf party (PTI).This is essentially unchanged from last year (68 per cent in 2011), but up significantly from 2010 (52 per cent).Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is also generally well-regarded - about six-in-ten offer a positive view of the leader of the country's main opposition party, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N).Sharif has consistently received high marks in recent years, although his ratings are down somewhat from the 79 per cent registered in 2009.Slightly more than half rate chief of Army Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry favorably.Ratings for both the army chief and the chief justice have slipped slightly since 2010.Former President (and military chief) Musharraf, who has occasionally suggested he may return to Pakistani politics, receives relatively poor ratings.Meanwhile, the military continues to receive overwhelmingly positive marks from the Pakistani public - 77 per cent say the institution is having a good influence on the country. Roughly six-in-ten (58 per cent) also say this about the court system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444008", "title": "Another jolt to Mamata, GJM to support Pranab in presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what is bound to further spoil the already soured relation between the Mamata Banerjee-led government in West Bengal and the Gorkha Janamukti Morcha (GJM) from the Darjeeling hills, GJM leader Bimal Gurung has pledged support to UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee.The move is bound to earn Banerjee's ire as she has opposed Mukherjee's candidature for Rashtrapati Bhawan.Gurung met Mukherjee here on Tuesday along with his four MLAs, who have assured the veteran Congress leader their votes in the July 19 elections. Gurung also called on home minister P Chidambaram.GJM had supported Trinamool Congress during the assembly elections in the state last year in the hope that the Gorkha party's demands for including areas in the Terai region under the GTA (Gorkha Territorial Administration) would be met when the tripartite accord was signed.The two sides (GJM and state government) had a written agreement that both would abide by the recommendation of the panel set up by the government. But when the recommendation from the panel that included GJM members came to the table, Gurung was disappointed and refused to accept it. This sparked fresh trouble in the hills resulting in relations straining between the GJM leadership and the state government.Mukherjee's nomination for Rashtrapati Bhawan has divided the political class in West Bengal with the ruling Trinamool leadership opposing the UPA candidate but there are many in the party who would like to support the first presidential candidate from the state. The Left stands divided with CPM and Forward Bloc supporting Mukherjee and CPI and RSP deciding to abstain from voting.The GJM's decision to back Mukherjee also embarrasses Darjeeling's BJP MP Jaswant Singh as he will be following the party line to oppose Mukherjee and support his opponent P A Sangma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14455163", "title": "Devi Sri Prasad\u2019s music for Ram Charan's Zanjeer", "text": "Some time back it was strongly buzzed that music director Devi Sri Prasad will be composing the music for mega power star Ram Charan Bollywood movie \"Zanjeer\". Now, it looks like Devi Sri Prasad's name has almost been finalized. Bollywood film circles say that Devi's name has almost been confirmed as the music director for \"Zanjeer\" remake.After contemplating the names of several music composers, the makers have finally decided to rope in DSP for this Bollywood movie. Devi Sri Prasad is already composing tunes for Ram Charan's \"Yevadu\", directed by Vamsi Paidipally. And the ace music director is now all set to make his Bollywood debut along side Ram Charan in \"Zanjeer\". So it'll be an interesting combo!Ram Charan is essaying the iconic role played by Amitabh Bachchan in the original classic Zanjeer. And the new angry young man will romance Priyanka Chopra , who is reprising the role played by Jaya Bachchan in the original. The film is directed by Apoorva Lakhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439893", "title": "Once, Sonegaon lake was water source of Pohara river", "text": "NAGPUR: Unauthorized constructions coupled with the negligence of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are also responsible for the brutal murder of city's third river Pohara. Fresh water from Sonegaon lake was also a source of Pohara river. The only source of the lake got destroyed, also depriving Pohara river from fresh water.Although officials and public representatives along with Nagpurians are unaware of Pohara river's name, conservationist Gopal Thosar, who has been fighting for Sonegaon lake's conservation, has said that he was aware of Pohara river. \"We used to know that the stream coming from Jaitala, emptying into Sonegaon lake and passing through the airport premises was Pohara river. The stream used to flow throughout the year from Jaitala. After crossing the airport premises, the stream used to flow on the ground up to the lake. Unplanned development at Jaitala reduced the flow of water in the stream. The green cover along the stream was a favourite destination of various types of birds. We used to go along the stream and enjoy bird watching,\" he said.In what Thosar calls a big disaster, an underground water pipeline was laid in the year 2000 from the compound wall of the airport from where the stream used to head towards the lake. The then MLA Satish Chaturvedi had laid the pipeline and opened it in the lake, and the stream got buried under the constructions which is now the Sonegaon residential area. The stream was the only source of water for the lake. The lake too got destructed and became polluted due to sewage water,\" he said.Recollecting the situation of those days, Thosar said that there used to be a black stone weir constructed during the British period. Water from the lake used to flow from the weir into a Bhonsle-era garden which has now become history and is situated now on the airport premises. Water from the lake passing through the garden used to flow into the river coming from Khamla,\" he said.The river which Thosar mentioned was Pohara river. Water of the lake used to flow into Pohara river somewhere behind Somalwada before crossing down from the Wardha road near Sonegaon police station.Due to destruction of the stream coming from Jaitala, the Sonegaon lake too lost its glory around 12 years ago. The entire sewage from Sonegaon, Pannase layout and nearby localities started to flow into the lake. The area comes under the jurisdiction of NIT. After the stream got buried, unauthorized constructions mushroomed in the area. Later, NIT regularized the constructions in the area under 572 and 1,900 unauthorized layout projects. NMC, the authority for conservation of rivers and lakes in the city, too did not bother to protect the natural stream.However, the NMC now with the help of funds sanctioned by the Central government under National Lakes Conservation Plan, is renovating the lake spread in 42 acres. But neither the NMC nor NIT may not restore the stream.Senior corporator Praful Gudadhe told TOI that the lake used to overflow till 1992-93. \"I still remember the water of the lake entered into the residential areas situated on western side of the lake. I got funds sanctioned from the NMC and constructed storm water drain in 1992-93 on north side of the Sonegaon lake towards the Sahakar Nagar. The overflow water used to flow from the storm water drain into the nullah passing from Khamla market towards Somalwada,\" he said.The nullah mentioned by Gudadhe is Pohara river. It proves that the river used to get overflow water of the lake from other side till ten years ago. The lake stopped to get overflow over the years due to accumulation of silt and also stoppage of flow of stream from Jaitala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439253", "title": "Technical glitch mars Nagpur University's 3th PhD entrance test", "text": "NAGPUR: The first day of Nagpur University (NU) PhD Entrance Test (PET) started on a bad note owing to delay due to technical failure. Load-shedding at the university campus on Amravati Road interrupted examination even before it commenced.\"There was a technical problem with the generator and its repair took a little while which resulted in the delay,\" controller of examination Siddharth Kane told TOI. \"The exam was delayed by 45 minutes. It was to begin at 11.30am but started at 12.15pm,\" he added.Kane stated that the exam will continue till June 29. It is being conducted at four centres- NU campus, Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru Engineering College, Dhanwate National College (DNC) and Shivaji Science College. A total of 558 students appeared for it on the first day at all four centres. Over 2,800 students have registered. In first PET, around 3,100 candidates had registered of which 934 passed while in second, 3,112 had registered and 2,051 passed.\"The exam is conducted online with the help of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd (MKCL). The 100 marks exam is conducted in both English and Marathi. The questions are objective type and duration is 90 minutes,\" the CoE said.The PET is largely based on aptitude, general knowledge and logical reasoning. The list of successful candidates will be uploaded on the NU website on July 2. Successful candidates then have to complete registration formalities at the department of their liking and submit synopsis which will be placed before Research Recognition Committee (RRC).Officials had earlier informed TOI that PET actually tests inclination of the candidates while their knowledge is tested in the interview. NU had so far conducted two PETs in July and December last year but students' success percentage at 66% in second attempt was more than doubled the 32% in first one, primarily due to introduction of Marathi medium in second edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448405", "title": "Passengers find a way to fight off touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways have done nothing to rein in touts who make it impossible for travellers to book train tickets. Exasperated , passengers have taken matters in their own hands and have worked out a system to beat the unauthorized agents.Determined not to pay a paisa extra and ensure absolute fairness , ticket buyers at Nizamuddin and Sarojini Nagar railway stations line up in front of ticket counters , often for 20 hours at a go . They don't know each other , but share a common plight . So , no one jumps the queue . The one who has waited the longest gets to buy the ticket first .Simpy lives in Sarai Kale Khan and is one of those in the queue at Sarojini Nagar . She volunteers to explain the system . Whoever makes it first to the counter draws up a list of names of people joining the queue after him /her. \"This is a system ticket buyers have created so that one who has waited the longest gets the first chance . It is only fair that late comers don't break the queue ,\" she says .At 5am on June 25, Shweta Tripathi , the first person in at the Sarojini Nagar counter ,has a list in her hands . She came to the station at 8pm the previous night . She calls out names from the list as it keeps getting updated . Every time she calls out a new name a voice goes up \"here\" .Many ,who like her ,had spent the night at the station in their quest for a ticket and had dozed off, answer to ensure their names are not struck off. This is done every hour.Kiran Misra , who has to rush to Bihar for her Ph.D viva , says the hourly roll call is important . This ensures genuine ticket seekers don't have to face harassment from touts and local residents . \"People from the neighbourhood come at night , get their names entered in the list and go back home . They return in the morning . This is unfair to those who stay back at the station all night to get to the counter early ,\" she says .But even such gruelling 20-hour waits often don't ensure confirmed Tatkaal tickets. Take Shweta'scase .Despitebeing the first one at the reservation counter , she went back with only two confirmed tickets . She needed three . \"I am travelling to Jharkhand . I wanted three tickets. I got just two,\" she says . Shweta had spent more than 17 hours at the counter .At Sarojini Nagar Railway Station , passengers don't have any police assistance . But at Nizamuddin , policemen walk by every couple of hours to ensure the system is running smoothly . \"Many a times , touts try to manipulate the list and fights break out. So , we keep checking the list,\" a policeman outside Nizamuddin station says .Despite the passengers' efforts , stubborn touts do manage to work their way around . At Nizamuddin , sometimes there are arguments as touts try to push back meek travelers . At Sarojini Nagar , they've found a smart way to sneak in and yet have a good night's sleep . \"These touts pay homeless beggars around Rs 100 to queue up for them at the reservation counter . In the morning they walk in and occupy the best spot ,\" says a passenger .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446783", "title": "Man arrested with 23 kg of party drug", "text": "Mumbai: The crime branch on Tuesday arrested a man in Andheri with 23 kg of methamphetamine. The psychoactive drug has become a rage in parties across the world and is a serious concern for law enforcement agencies.\"The drug, which is banned in India, fetches Rs 1 crore per kg on the international market,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).\"The accused, Bipinkumar Pandit alias Saxena, claimed to have sold contraband in other cities. We are examining whether there are more people involved in the racket,\" said additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik. Saxena has been booked under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act and remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14460528", "title": "Yashwant Sinha surrenders, granted bail", "text": "RANCHI: Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha on Thursday surrendered before a local court and obtained bail in connection with a case relating to the anti-corruption agitation he had led during the erstwhile Madhu Koda regime in 2008.Turning himself in before Judicial Magistrate Rajiv Ranjan's court, Sinha moved a bail petition and the bail was granted on furnishing a bond of Rs 5,000.Former BJP president Yadunath Pandey, former BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Maroo and party leader Sanjay Seth were the other leaders who surrendered along with Sinha and were granted bail.The BJP had resorted to a 12-day anti-corruption stir during Koda's chief ministership with senior party leaders each assigned to lead the stir on each of the 12 days.Sinha, who had led the agitation on one of the days, was booked for obstructing traffic on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14443888", "title": "Panch blames 'outsiders' for crime situation", "text": "CALANGUTE: The travel advisory issued by the British consulate in India warning Britons about crime along the Candolim-Calangute beach-belt has created ripples with most hoping that the state government gets more serious about maintaining law and order.\"What they said is correct,\" ex-sarpanch of Candolim and current panch Fermino Fernandes told TOI. \"Anything is possible here. It's dangerous to stay on the beach at night what with stray dogs, robberies, etc taking place. They even happen in broad daylight. They've robbed people in front of me.\"Fernandes said that the robberies are committed by non-Goans including women who come from other states and take up employment on low salaries in hotels and resorts. \"Usually they use a van. They come from an interior road and when they see some foreigners approaching, a girl opens the side door and greets the foreigners. Not suspecting anything the foreigners start talking to the girl and that's when the other men who have been hiding pounce on the foreigners. The men push the woman to the ground and assault the man. I was close-by when I saw this happening once, so I ran to their rescue. But by the time I reached the spot, they took off with the van and fled with their bag. It becomes difficult to trace them afterwards. The police must keep a check on the people who rent out cars to outsiders,\" he added.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo has a different view on the advisory. \"These kinds of incidents were there during the Congress rule,\" said Lobo. There was gambling on the beach because of which there was violence, he claimed, while adding that \"all these anti-social elements used to come to the beach-belt because there was no police control\".\"Definitely things are not going to be the same with our government and tourists need not worry. It is our top priority. We want to assure the British government that they need not worry about the safety of their citizens here. Not only foreigners, we're taking care of all tourists. You can see the number of raids we've been conducting on dance bars, prostitution, drug peddlars.\"Calangute police inspector Nolasco Raposo said, \"We have intensified patrolling in Calangute police station area. We're taking all steps to ensure that Calangute is a safe tourist destination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440361", "title": "Divisional tiger cell meet today", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as time is running out for tigers, divisional tiger cell will perform another ritual by meeting on Thursday. This will be the 13th meeting of the cell, slated to be held at 4pm at Van Sabhagruha, Seminary Hills.The meet will be chaired by special IGP Rajinder Singh. It will be attended by divisional forest officers (DFOs), MSEDCL officials and superintendents of police (SPs) from Gondia, Nagpur, Gadchiroli, Wardha, Chandrapur and Bhandara districts.Member-NGOs including Prafulla Bhamburkar of Wildlife Trust of India ( WTI), Nitin Desai of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), Harshawardhan Dhanwatey of Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT) and Kundan Hate, honorary district wildlife warden, have also been invited.The regional tiger cell meeting should be held every three months. The last meeting was held on February 21. This is the first time since 2000 that tiger cell meetings are being held regularly but the outcome is still zero. Poaching is rampant and live birds and meat of wild animals is openly sold in weekly markets but police do not act.Thursday's meeting will discuss burning issues like status of electric lines passing through the forests and steps to be taken to curb electrocution of animals; recent deaths of leopards and tigers in Chandrapur; intelligence gathering, spreading awareness and joint patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445392", "title": "Dry spell will be over soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Scanty June rainfall needn't make Bangaloreans anxious. For, Eastern districts including Bangalore, Tumkur, Kolar and Ramanagaram, can look forward to a wet July and August. In July, these areas are expected to receive rainfall anywhere between 100mm and 125mm, and in August, it's likely to be in the 125mm-150mm bracket. In June, the figures usually stand anywhere between 70mm and 80mm, but this year, the Eastern districts have only received 34mm of rain.Experts said low pressure created at Bay of Bengal has acted as a deterrent to rainfall this year. \"A good amount of clouds (South-West monsoon) was generated in coastal Karnataka and the hilly regions, but did not result in precipitation,\" said weather expert and agro-meteorologist MB Raje Gowda.Usually, monsoon first hits the coastal parts and hilly regions of the state, after which it moves towards the Eastern districts. Raje Gowda said clouds entered the Eastern districts but they didn't result in rainfall as low pressure forced them to move towards Bay of Bengal, causing rainfall in Odisha, West Bengal , Burma and Bangladesh . The Eastern districts, in the process, remained rain-parched.However, experts hope it will rain by June-end. \"There is nothing to worry as of now, there are indications of good rainfall this year too. Although it's a little late, the city and the state should get its share of rain soon,\" said Raje Gowda.\"There is isolated rain in the city. Some parts are recording daily rain, though slight. But in coming days, we are looking at receiving good amount of rainfall,\" said B Putanna, director, Met department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14459189", "title": "Surat councilor slapped thrice by another in a general board meeting", "text": "SURAT: Taking a cue from the Assemblies of number of states in the country, Wednesday evening saw physical assault being made by one elected representative on other in local civic body house.In an act of violence, a ruling BJP councilor slapped an opposition councilor in the General Board meeting of Surat Municipal Corporation(SMC) on Wednesday evening. The incident occurred, when during the discussion on allotment of plots reserved for education purpose a Congress Councilor Nitin Bharucha raised a point of order and demanded to know if Gujarat CM Narendra Modi has given state land to corporate houses on rates lower than market prices.This angered BJP councilor Kanti Ballar. He went to where Bharucha was sitting and slapped him three times stunning the whole bunch of councilors present in the central hall of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC). \" The things did not stop here. Before the security staff could come on , a mob of ruling party, led by a female councilor surrounded Bharucha and thrashed him,\" said Babu Rayka, leader of opposition in SMC.\" When we complained to the mayor he refused to listen and said that the situation was developed by Bharucha himself,\" added Rayka. Mayor Raju Desai on his part said, \" Congress is responsible for the incident. They instigated to inflate the situation. Bharucha used vulgar language which angered Bhanderi.\"Bharucha said, \" If opposing some thing is a crime , I am guilty. But, it is not proper on the part of ruling party to come and physically beat up some one just because they are in majority.\" Chowk Bazaar police registered just an application but not FIR for the issue when the aggrieved party went to police on Wednesday night. This is for the first time in last two decades that an act of physical assault was witnessed in local civic body. BJP has a strength of 92 councilors in the house of 114 where as Congress has just 15 councilors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449264", "title": "Penalties from polluting units to be used for green measures", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana has decided to create a separate corpus out of the forfeited guarantees from polluting industrial units and utilise it for installing common effluent treatment plants, sewage treatment plants, R&D; activities and creating awareness on pollution. The decision was taken by the Haryana Pollution Control Board, which also decided to set up two new regional offices, in Gurgaon (North &amp; South) and Jind, to facilitate the industry concentrated in these areas.With this, the board will have 12 regional offices across the state. Sources said the board has decided to keep the period of consent for green category of industries at five years. HPCB chairman and additional chief secretary, environment, P K Gupta said that industries would now be allowed to get their bank guarantee given at the time of consent for setting up a second unit, if the amount of earlier company is due for refund. The units are also be at liberty to get this amount adjusted against the consent fees if the amount is due to release/refund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441969", "title": "Forest department to promote eco-tourism in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has directed the forest department to promote eco-tourism in the state. While reviewing the various schemes and projects of the forest department on Wednesday, he told the department to chalk out a plan for the development of National Chambal Sanctuary, Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary, Sarsai Nawar and Sita Dwaar to promote tourism as well create employment opportunities for local people.The CM also directed for the development of Lakh Bahosi bird sanctuary, Kannauj and Nawabganj bird sanctuary to provide upgraded facilities to tourists. He asked the department to speed up the work on Lion Safari in Etawah, for which the government has already sanctioned Rs 5 crore in this year's budget. To promote tourism in Dudhwa, he said the forest rest houses and roads in the interiors of the national park should also be renovated. Besides, watch towers should be re-constructed. A sum of Rs 5 crore has also been sanctioned for the development of Dudhwa national park.In keeping with the model code of conduct, due to which ministers will not be able to participate in the Van Mahotsav on July 1, the forest department has postponed the event to July 4.The CM announced that Van Mahotsav will begin on July 4 with the plantation of 3.15 lakh trees in 80 identified sites by ministers and people's representatives. The ministers and representatives will be provided a list of chosen sites for plantation.The chief minister said that as a part of the Van Mahotsav, green belts will be raised with the involvement of ministers, people's representatives, local population, NGOs and social organisations.He said the plantation efforts of the department should make a visible change in the environment. He also directed the department to involve people in the plantation drives, like planting trees alongside canals with the help of farmers. The chief minister said strict action should be taken against the officers found involved in illegal felling of trees or financial bungling in plantation scheme.The CM directed the Lucknow Development Authority to sort out the obstacles in developing Janeshwar Mishra Park and speed up the work as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14443910", "title": "Russian's death raises eyebrows", "text": "MAPUSA: The sudden death of a Russian national at Anjuna allegedly under 'mysterious circumstances' has raised eyebrows among his friends in Goa and family members back home.According to Yulia Yaskova, a Russian national presently staying at Bamon Vaddo in Siolim, her close friend Yury Nikolaevich Vergiles expired on June 25 'under tragic circumstances' and his body is now lying at the Goa Medical College (GMC) morgue in Bambolim.Sources said Yuri was feeling uneasy at his residence at St Anthony waddo in Anjuna. Later, his friends called the ambulance and he was taken to a nearby private hospital where he died.Yulia has written to the deputy collector of Bardez requesting him 'to direct the concerned authorities to conduct the post-mortem or autopsy on the body of Yury Vergiles so that they will be able to know the exact cause of death'.\"I being a very close friend of Yury and his family in Russia , I have to correspond and convey the exact cause of death to his family. His mother, a 87-year-old lady in Russia, and his family want to know how their son died,\" Yulia Yaskova said.Yulia said that she knew Yuri since 2003. He was a very close friend of hers and was a business partner running a travel company. She said that Yury was in Goa for more then 10 years and was staying in a rented place for many years at St Anthony Vaddo in Anjuna.\"I know him very well, we used to meet every week, he was not so old, he was in his fifties and he was also not ill, how can he suddenly die?\" Yulia asked.Yulia has also complained that police did not cooperate with her and give her necessary information about the death of her friend.Anjuna police informed that no person has approached them regarding the death case of Yury. They said that family members or friends can approach them with complaints and that they were ready to investigate the matter.Yulia also informed that she will be approaching the Russian consulate for further inquiries into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14448776", "title": "A \u2018human brain\u2019 created using 16,000 comps", "text": "London: A computer that is able to \"learn\" like a human brain and recognize the picture of a cat, is being touted as a breakthrough in technology by Google scientists.The computer is based on a \"neural network\" of 16,000 processing cores with more than a billion interconnections , each very roughly simulating a connection in a human brain.A team from Google's cutting-edge research lab, Google X, and Stanford University , fed the system 10 million thumbnail images taken from YouTube as \"training\" and then tested whether it was able to recognize 20,000 objects in new images.According to The New York Times, it performed more than twice as accurately as any previous neural network . Among the objects the system learned to recognize was a cat, one of the most regulars star of viral clips uploaded by YouTube members. \"We never told it during the training, \"This is a cat\" , the Telegraph quoted Google fellow Jeff Dean as saying.\"It basically invented the concept of a cat,\" he said.Overall, the neural network achieved 15.8% accuracy . As well as cats' faces, it learned the \"concepts\" of human faces and bodies, by compiling a ghostly image of their general features.The research differed from how most artificially intelligent systems are trained, in that it was given no help by human supervisors labelling features.\"The idea is that instead of having teams of researchers trying to find out how to find edges, you instead throw a ton of data at the algorithm and you let the data speak and have the software automatically learn from the data ,\" Andrew Ng of Stanford University added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447463", "title": "Pak infiltrators arming themselves with PAN cards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last week, a team of the special operations group nabbed Akbar Shaikh - a Bangladeshi national settled illegally in Ahmedabad - and recovered a PAN card and an Aadhar card from him. Using fake documents, Shaikh had got a PAN card that he later used to open a bank account.The development has triggered an alarm at the income tax department, which has received complaints about several Pakistani and Bangladeshi nationals in Ahmedabad securing PAN cards using bogus documents. One complaint has been submitted to the department by a Kubernagar resident along with a city-based NGO, Jagega Gujarat Sangharsh Samiti.The complaint has alleged that many Pakistani nationals have acquired PAN cards through a city-based tax consultant and that they were opening bank accounts to carry out black-money transactions. According to I-T norms, any Indian or a non-resident Indian or a foreign national who has stayed in India for over 181 days in a financial year can apply for a PAN card. The complainant has alleged that many of those who have availed of the card don't reside in Ahmedabad and have got the card by declaring themselves to be Indian residents.\"We have received the complaint and will verify the claims,\" said Gujarat chief commissioner of income tax-1, M D Kabra. \"If an individual has given wrong details while applying for a PAN card, he or she can be prosecuted.\"Only last year, Delhi police had caught Imran Chhipa (40) while entering India illegally from Pakistan. Imran, who had moved to Pakistan from Ahmedabad as a teenager, was found carrying a PAN card and other identity documents. Police learnt that he had obtained the PAN card with bogus documents.\"On most occasions, illegal immigrants get a driving licence and use it to get a PAN card and file bogus returns,\" said Prakash Kapadia, president of Jagega Gujarat Sangharsh Samiti.\"Later, they take bank loans to buy properties using the returns and carry out illegal transactions.\"However, officials said that in many cases even those doing bona fide business in India after migrating from a foreign country, through ignorance, state themselves to be Indian nationals while taking a PAN card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14461271", "title": "Sharad Pawar's reign as ICC president ends, Alan Isaac takes over", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: Sharad Pawar's reign as the president of the International Cricket Council ended on Thursday as New Zealander Alan Isaac took charge from him for a two-year term at the ICC Annual Conference here.The 60-year-old Isaac, a former New Zealand Cricket chief, became the eighth president of the ICC, while former South Africa wicket-keeper David Richardson was confirmed as the new chief executive of the world body, taking over from countryman Haroon Lorgat.Issac will be the last to hold the post in its current shape as it will become a ceremonial role once he steps down in 2014. Over the past two years, Isaac has been the ICC's vice-president, a position that the body plans to abolish by amending the constitution. The amendment envisages the appointment of a chairman, who will hold office for two years, as the head of the ICC.\"When I look at the list of previous presidents, I am reminded of the importance of this office. In the midst of my pride at being chosen as president, I recognise that there is, of course, much hard work and much progress needed if we are to maintain the game's current healthy state,\" Isaac said.\"I believe that the challenges ahead are no less daunting than those we have faced in the last two years if we are to maintain the vibrancy and viability of the three formats of the sport. We are fortunate as a sport -- indeed unique -- to have three different formats at international level.\"We will all strive not only to preserve those formats but to build on their foundations. In that way the ICC will continue to oversee a great sport and we will all work to make it even greater. I look forward to serving the game with honesty and integrity and to the best of my ability. I look forward to handing on the guardianship of the sport with the game enjoying even greater health,\" he said.Richardson, after being confirmed as successor to Lorgat who stood down after four years as the ICC Chief Executive, said, \"It is a real honour to be confirmed as the ICC Chief Executive and I want to pay tribute to Lorgat.\"I have learnt much in the last four years and I inherit a game in great health with much to be optimistic about. I look forward to building on that and tackling the challenges ahead,\" Richardson, who played 42 Tests for South Africa and has been ICC's General Manager - Cricket for the last 10 years, said.Meanwhile, it was decided that necessary amendments to the ICC and IDI Articles of Association would be made to create the post of chairman, remove the role of Vice-President and vary the role and powers of the President, all with effect from the close of the 2014 Annual Conference.The formalisation of these amendments will give effect to the principles agreed by the ICC Board earlier this year.Until the end of the 2014 Annual Conference, the role of the ICC President will remain in its current form, but from the end of the 2014 Annual Conference it will become ceremonial in nature with a term of only one year.A new role of chairman of the ICC and IDI Board will be created from the end of the 2014 Annual Conference. The term of office will be two years and the chairman will be appointed by the Board at its first meeting following the 2014 Annual Conference.Russia and Hungary were confirmed as new Affiliate members of the ICC but Switzerland was removed as an Affiliate member having been suspended at the 2011 Annual Conference for failing to comply with the ICC's membership criteria and remaining unable to do so by the 2012 Annual Conference.There are now 106 Members of the ICC. The ICC Annual Conference is made up of representatives of the 10 full members, 36 associate members and five affiliate regional representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14446889", "title": "Civic polls: Police heave a sigh of relief", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The police brass on Wednesday heaved a sigh of relief as no major untoward incident was reported during civic body polls. In fact, coordination with locals and flag march being carried out within last 48 hours had helped police authorities to maintain law and order.SSP Naveen Arora told TOI that the day passed off peacefully with mobile police teams deployed to attend the complaints. He added that police teams, after receiving any complaint or call, acted swiftly to reach the concerned spot and this helped police authorities to maintain the law and order during polling.Besides, a large posse of police personnel including six additional SPs, 16 inspectors, 180 sub-inspectors, 180 head constables, 2500 constables, 4800 home-guards, 200 women policemen, 12 companies of PAC and 4 companies of RAF were deployed for conducting peaceful polling.Personnel of PAC and RAF were deployed at sensitive and hyper sensitive polling booths. Besides additional police pickets were also deployed in Lalgopalganj, Mauaima, Phulpur, Handia, Sirsa, Shankargarh, Bharatganj and Jhunsi areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14434370", "title": "A forgotten revolutionary", "text": "It's unfortunate that the nation barely remembers Narasimha Rao, architect of the new IndiaFifty years from now when historians take stock of the makers of the new India, two individuals from our times will figure prominently on their lists: Prime ministers P V Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee . If justice prevails, by then, the nation would have also honoured them with Bharat Ratna.Today, we celebrate the 91th birth anniversary of Narasimha Rao. An accidental prime minister \u2014 he was all set to retire from politics and return to his native Andhra Pradesh when the assassination of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 placed him at the centre of Indian political scene \u2014 his tenure came to define the dividing line between the old India and the new. If Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru gave the country a vibrant democracy, Rao (and Vajpayee) gave it a modern economy.Uniformly described as indecisive upon taking office, Rao surprised his detractors by moving ahead decisively to build the new India. Even as he put together his cabinet, he proceeded to lay down the groundwork for the mega reforms his government would soon launch. In an all-but-forgotten television address on June 22, only a day after he took the oath of office, he placed before the nation broad contours of the new policy framework.\"We are determined to address the problems of the economy in a decisive manner,\" Rao said in his stoic voice. \"This government is committed to removing the cobwebs that come in the way of rapid industrialisation. We will work towards making India internationally competitive, taking full advantage of...opportunities offered by the evolving global economy...We also welcome foreign direct investment so as to accelerate the tempo of development, upgrade our technologies and to promote our exports. Obstacles that come in the way of allocating foreign investment on a sizable scale will be removed. A time-bound programme will be worked out to streamline our industrial policies and programmes to achieve the goal of a vibrant economy that rewards creativity, enterprise and innovativeness.\"Rao was quick to grasp the delicate negotiations with international financial institutions to overcome the balance of payments crisis and the implementation of controversial reforms would require someone trusted abroad as well as at home. That led him to appoint Manmohan Singh , an economist knowledgeable on both the working of international financial institutions and policymaking processes at home, as his finance minister.While Singh remained the face of the reforms throughout his tenure, Rao was hardly a passive player. I have found some of the best-informed analysts of his era get stumped when asked to name his industries minister. They scramble to make wild guesses and are eventually greatly surprised to be told that Rao had held the portfolio himself. The now-famous New Industrial Policy of July 24, 1991, which consigned investment licensing to the dustbin of history and opened the door to direct foreign investment thereby emancipating Indian entrepreneurs, originated in his office.While publicly characterising the reforms an extension of the policies of Nehru and prime ministers Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, Rao was fully aware of the leap he had taken. Less than a year into his tenure, he went on to describe himself as the 'development prime minister of India' at a large public rally concluding the Congress convention of 1992. Years later, in retirement, he was much more direct, calling the reforms as 'complete U-turn without seeming to be a U-turn'.Critics often claim that in implementing the reforms, Rao had bowed to IMF and World Bank pressures. But evidence entirely contradicts such claims. If these institutions had any clout at the beginning of the reforms because India needed a loan from them to overcome the balance of payments crisis, they had lost it in less than a year.In March 1993, when i visited Delhi as a member of a World Bank loan mission, i witnessed this first-hand. The mission wanted India to liberalise consumer goods imports in return for the loan but got nowhere. The prime minister conveyed through the finance ministry that such a policy change, until the state assembly elections scheduled that year were over, was not possible.In the event, the bank gave the loan anyway while consumer goods imports remained subject to licensing until 2000. On the other hand, Rao and Singh continued to move ahead with the reforms they saw in India's interest, liberalising such important sectors as banking, finance, telecom and civil aviation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14447027", "title": "Civic polls: Urban voters give lukewarm response", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Unlike the assembly elections, the urban voters in the district did not show much interest in local bodies elections. The voter turnout on Wednesday was dismal.The urban voters played a passive role in the elections considered the foundation of democratic institutions at urban level.Going by official records, the polling percentage was a dismal 7.5% by 9am. Polling stations wore a deserted look for major part of the day.Vehicles remained off the road and the first ones to turn up at the polling stations included morning walkers who went straight to exercise their franchise after finishing their quota of daily health regimen, said Divya Ganesh who had lined up outside a polling station at Motilal Nehru Road.By 11am, only 11.35% voters had cast their votes. By 1 pm polling percentage went a bit further and was recorded at around 18% which went up to 24% at 3 pm. However compared to the turnout during the assembly elections the figures were quite disappointing.The candidates and voters attributed this to anomalies which had cropped up at various fronts, including missing of names of several voters from the voters list. Independent candidate for the post of mayor, Dr Vidula Dilip flayed the authorities for issuing the voters list prepared on the basis of records during previous local bodies election in 2007. As a result, many genuine voters who had voter identity cards failed to exercise their franchise.Talking to TOI, Dr Vidula said that \"At Dariyabad more than 150 voters carrying voters identity card were not allowed to cast their votes just because their name was found missing in the voters list and the authorities had made no alternative arrangements to allow them for exercising their franchise on the basis of voters identity card.\"Another anomaly which may also be among the reasons for the poor turnout of voters was the unexpected change of polling stations of several voters at the last minute.At a polling station in a local girls school, many voters were redirected to another polling station. Once these voters found their names missing from the subsequent polling station and were asked to go elsewhere they decided to call it quits and returned back home, said Dilip Chaurasia, a local doctor.Lashing out at the authorities, some aggrieved voters said, \"What was the reason behind doing away with the usual practice of sticking to the voters list of assembly and parliamentary polls. Change of polling stations also caused hardship for those who went without taking their vehicles and had to slog it out under sultry conditions hopping from one place to another.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448754", "title": "\u2018Aero Balloon 20\u2019 project to start soon", "text": "KANPUR: The ambitious 'Aero Balloon 20' project of Uttar Pradesh Tourism, promising the rare adventure of watching entire river front of the city from a height of 500 feets riding on a helium-tethered balloon, is hopefully going to start soon. The team members of the company, which has been selected by the department, for the project will visit the Ravidas ghat which is the chosen site of the balloon flight on June 29.According to regional tourism officer (RTO), Dinesh Kumar, \"a New Delhi-based company has taken up the project on public-private partnership (PPP) model and it is expected that the Balloon flights will begin from November.\"Interestingly, Aero Balloon 20 will be a helium-tethered balloon which involves a helium-filled gas balloon, tethered to the ground by a steel rope which can be raised and lowered by a winch. The balloon will be arranged with a sitting capacity of as many as 20 people to enjoy the ride. \"Unlike the Hot Air Balloons, the Aero Balloon 20 will be silent and non-polluting. Filled with helium gas, which will lift the balloon upwards to a certain height due to light weight of the gas, there is no pollution risk for river Ganga or to the environment as a whole,\" said Kumar. The Aero Balloon 20 project will cost Rs 6.5 crores. An open area of 40,000 square feet clear to the sky is required for the project, while a free space of 100 feet height is requred for the parking space for the balloon. According to Kumar, the Gondola of the balloon will be 46 meters, while the diameter would be 19 metres. There will be seven technicians and one operator who will take care of the balloon rides.Unveiling the new adventure of tethered balloon ride, Tourism department is of the opinion that apart from the religiously inclined tourism base, city will also be put as a preferred destination for adventure sports lovers. \"One can witness the entire ghats from a single point and enjoy the aesthetic appearance of the city as well as the adventurous balloon ride at the same place,\" shared Kumar.According to him, the proposed helium-tethered balloon ride is going to be India's first of its kind. \"There are no helium-tethered balloon rides in the country as of now. Apart from Varanasi, there are proposals for setting up such balloon ride in Agra, Noida and Lucknow,\" he informed.Around 20 people can enjoy the balloon flight at one time. \"The balloon will take six flights in an hour and around 1000 people can avail the opportunity of balloon ride in one day. The cost of the balloon ride will be Rs 100 for adults and Rs 75 for children,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14443982", "title": "Curtorim MLA slams govt for bad community health centre in Canacona", "text": "MARGAO: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on Wednesday hit out at the government for allegedly intentionally neglecting the dialysis unit of community health centres to ensure that patients would be redirected to the private health lobby.It may be recalled that when Parsekar visited the Canacona CHC on Monday, he was confronted by a doctor, Venkatesh R, who is in charge of the dialysis unit, over the poor conditions and lack of support from the government. Venkatesh even accused newly-appointed director of health services, Dr Sanjeev Dalvi, of stopping the supply of life-saving drugs needed by a patient while undergoing dialysis. He had further pointed out that there was no ICU facility and no arrangements for oxygen in case of an emergency, and coupled with power fluctuations, that could put the lives of patients at risk. Parsekar had then refuted allegations and questioned Venkatesh for not having reported the matter to him earlier.Lourenco, while addressing mediapersons in Margao on Wednesday, claimed that when he was a Zilla panchayat (ZP) member, the Canacona ZP members were with him and he had special concern for the people of Canacona. He however bemoaned the fact that a large number of patients suffering from kidney problems were being shifted to Margao to avail of better health care. \"Even in Goa Medical College ( GMC), a premier health research institute, many patients who are in need of dialysis treatment are referred to privately-run hospitals,\" he said, while alleging that the government was supporting the private health lobby.Lourenco criticized Parsekar for failing to give assurances on improving the Canacona CHC and alleged that the patients themselves were complaining of lack of supply of medicines.\"When Parrikar was in the opposition, he was shouting from the rooftops to depute more doctors to Canacona CHC. Why has he not done anything about his own demand even after his own government has completed 100 days in office,\" Lourenco wanted to know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14449305", "title": "New gang of carjackers on the prowl", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police have not yet busted the Zen gang but have floated a theory that a new gang of carjackers from Punjab is on the prowl in the city. It was two days ago that a resident of Sector 21 was kidnapped and looted of his car and cash after he was made to smell an anaesthetic and thrown on the Landran Road.\"The gang members were conversing in Punjabi according to the victim and even their modus operandi was at variance with earlier carjacking incidents. So it seems, a new gang of carjackers is at work. We have dispatched a team to Punjab to investigate about this gang ,\" said Nupur Bishnoi, station house officer of the Sector 5 police station.While this gang was talking in Punjabi, as for the Zen gang, the team that had investigated them had found that it was their strategy not to utter a word, so that the police does not get any lead.The first thing that the police scrutinize is the accent of the criminals, which helps nab them. \"We did investigate on the Zen gang theory as well, thinking that may be the gang had changed its modus operandi but nothing matched their traits. So it is for sure a new gang,\" said another officer.Despite the fact that the miscreants had not covered their faces, the police have not been able to nab the accused.The police on Wednesday got their sketches prepared with the help of the victim. It was on June 25 that a sedan, a laptop, a gold bracelet and cash were looted from Vinay Kumar, a resident of Sector 21, at gunpoint by four unidentified youths near Sector 12, Panchkula after he was kidnapped.He was coming from Zirakpur after dropping one of his relatives when he stopped near Sector 12, Panchkula for answering the call of nature. Suddenly, four youths in the age group of 20-25 years came from behind and one of them hit him with the butt of his pistol. Later they made him smell an anaesthetic. When Vinay woke up, he found all four of them sitting in his car and they had reached near Landran.Though Vinay tried hard to get free from their clutches, the youths overpowered him by hitting him with the butt of their pistol and then threw him on the Landra road, near Punjab side. They fled with his car, cash, laptop, gold bracelet and some important documents.When Vinay tried to raise an alarm, the youths had even fired a shot in the air and also told him that they would fire at him too if he made any noise. Later, an injured Vinay went to a near-by petrol pump and called up the police and his family. This is not for the first time that this kind of looting has taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445527", "title": "Public can say 'no' to malls", "text": "BANGALORE: If you don't want a mall in your area, just put your foot down. If mayor D Venkateshmurthy has his way, citizens will have their say when a plea is made to the BBMP's town planning wing on malls coming up in residential zones.The issue was discussed at length at the BBMP council meeting on Wednesday, with corporators led by opposition leader MK Gunasekhar saying that malls, especially those in residential areas, create huge traffic jams.The mayor said that henceforth, standing committees will consult the public while giving approval for the construction of a mall in BBMP limits.Yediyur corporator NR Ramesh informed the council that there was a discrepancy in the number of malls in the city. \"As per revenue records, there are only 43 malls in BBMP limits. However, there are actually 107 malls. The 10 big malls of India are in Bangalore. There are 21 malls in the city with a floor area of more than 50,000 sqft. BBMP is collecting only Rs 11 crore as tax from these malls, whereas the actual collection should be more than Rs 140 crore. BBMP must look into the issue,\" said Ramesh.War of WordsThe council also witnessed a war of words between the BBMP commissioner and Chamarajpet corporator BV Ganesh. The corporator read out some sections of the KMC Act that deal with the duties of the commissioner. \"The commissioner of the BBMP has the duty of keeping the city clean. But BBMP has not called for garbage tenders in the past five years, I have not seen the commissioner going on morning inspections, unlike his predecessors. I don't know if he is interested in his work,\" Ganesh said.Replying to this, commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said he needn't have to learn from a corporator how he should conduct himself. \"As a commissioner, I have delegated my powers to my subordinates. The commissioner need not sweep the streets. I am aware of my duties and need not learn from corporators. As a corporator, your duty is to look into the works in your ward and bring it to the notice of BBMP if there are any lapses,\" said Shankarlinge Gowda.His reaction was appreciated by many corporators. \"For the first time, we have seen decentralization of work in the BBMP and the commissioner has authorized his joint commissioners to carry out crucial works,\" said M Nagaraj, ruling party leader.Water woesQuestioning the absence of BWSSB officers at the council meet, the Congress corporator walked out of the council and protested. Indira M, Byatarayanapura corporator, said that 89 borewells in her newly added ward had completely dried up and there was no source of water. Govindegowda MB, Hegganahalli corporator, said he had not entered his ward in the past four months, fearing protests from the public. \"I either stay at home or come to the council to attend meetings. There is not even one litre of Cauvery drinking water in my ward. BBMP is not willing to supply water to wards in the outskirts,\" he said.Mavallipura protestsFollowing a recent death in Mavallipura, the villagers have been protesting and are not allowing trucks carrying garbage into their village. \"This incident has made the garbage disposal issue even more complicated. When the villagers protest like this, what alternative can the BBMP think of?\" asked SG Gangabhairaiah, Dr Rajkumar ward corporator. \"We don't know if the death of the villager is due to kidney failure or the landfill. Corporators must help BBMP find space for garbage segregation in the city,\" the commissioner said.BBMP budgetThe much-awaited BBMP budget for 2012-13 will be tabled on Thursday. The outlay is likely to cross Rs 9,000 crore, just like last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14442351", "title": "Disclose file notings related to mercy plea of Afzal, others: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the home ministry to disclose file notings and correspondence related to the mercy petitions of all death row convicts, including Afzal Guru .Giving the order information commissioner Sushma Singh asked the ministry to provide information of mercy petitions related to all convicts (pending and disposed) after Devinder Singh Khullar and Mahender Nath Dass.Conceding that advice tendered by the Cabinet to the President are exempt from disclosure under Article 74 of the Constitution, the CIC it clear that the material forming the basis of advice does not enjoy such immunity.The order was based on a RTI application filed by activist S C Agrawal. According to the decision, the ministry will give file notings not forming of the ministerial advice to the President of India after severing all names and other references regarding the identities of the public servants regarding those file notings and making those correspondence.The CPIO has also been asked to disclose the copies of the correspondence made from time to time in connection with the mercy petitions except those, which in his opinion should not be disclosed being exempt in terms of section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act.However, the official will have to pass a speaking order if he decides to withhold some of the correspondence. The CIC has also said Agrawal would be free to appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443317", "title": "15-year-old detained for stealing friend's jewellery", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Wednesday detained a 15-year-old girl for stealing gold ornaments from her friend's house and selling them in the market with help from two minor boys.Inspector of Kothrud police station S B Navale said the suspect went to her friend's house in Kothrud on Monday. On the pretext of changing clothes she went inside the bedroom and took away gold ornaments from the cupboard.After stealing the ornaments, she contacted a friend and told him that she wanted to sell her mother's ornaments because she was in need of money. The boy, who is also a minor, contacted another friend and asked him for help.Navale said that the boy's friend, with help from his acquaintance, approached a jeweller in Kothrud area. The jeweller gave Rs 1.20 lakh to the suspect against the jewellery.Meanwhile, the complainant found that the ornaments were missing. She got suspicious on learning that her daughter's friend had gone in the bedroom to change clothes. The woman called her and asked about the ornaments. Initially the girl said she knew nothing. When the complainant threatened to approach the police, she admitted to have stolen them but said she has lost them. She promised to give gold instead of ornaments.Navale said the complainant came to the police with an audio record of the conversation which she had tapped using her cellphone. \"We have detained the girl and two minor boys who helped her. We have also recovered the gold ornaments from the jeweller,\" Navale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14454725", "title": "Sobhan Babu's 'Vajrotsvalu' on June 30", "text": "Sobhan Babu, one of the popular actors of his generation in Telugu Cinema, passed away in 2008. He was popularly known as 'Andhra Soggadu' and to remember him, fans and close associates of the actor have decided to celebrate his 75th birth anniversary.Sobhan Babu's anniversary ceremony will be celebrated in a magnanimous way with top personalities from the Telugu Film industry attending the event on the June 30 at Shilpa Kala Vedika in Hyderabad.The actor has taken over the fame from Akkineni Nageswara Rao as romantic &amp; glamour hero. As such, he had huge following amongst the women audience; particularly he got reputation as acting along with more than one heroine in many of his films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447544", "title": "Family can receive your driving licence", "text": "Mumbai: You need not be present at your residence to accept your driving licence dispatched by speed post. The RTO has instructed the postal department to deliver licences to any other person who is present at your residence, be it your parents, spouse or siblings.T P Chavan, assistant RTO (Wadala), said, \"In the past, we insisted that postmen check whether the applicant stays at the residence and then get his signature. But now we have relaxed the rules. The postman should write on the acknowledgment slip that the licence has been delivered to a family member and take the person's signature.\"Some residents, though, complained to TOI that postmen have refused to deliver licences if the applicant is not home. A senior citizen said, \"My son was away at work and the postman refused to hand over the licence to me. He insisted that the applicant sign the acknowledgment slip or visit the post office within four days to collect the licence.\" Chavan said the postman must merely ascertain whether the person in whose name the licence is issued lives there. \"The applicant's presence is not mandatory.\"Sources said in the recent past, some postal staffers have demanded money in the form of \"bakshish\" to deliver licences. In case an applicant fails to collect the licence from the post in four days, he has to go through the rigmarole of visiting the RTO to give an explanation before collecting it. Abha Singh, director of postal services (Maharashtra &amp; Goa circle), said, \"I have not received any complaints against postal staff for demanding money or harassing citizens. If there's any specific case, citizens can contact me in confidence... The job of the postman is to verify the address.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448260", "title": "Gold jewellery, silverware recovered from 3 lockers", "text": "BHOPAL: Income Tax officials on Wednesday opened to scrutinize three lockers belonging to two associates of businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma. They recovered 1.25 kg of gold jewellery and silver items worth 2 kg besides cash of Rs 10,000 from the lockers.I-T sources said they started scrutiny of a locker belonging to Bharat Singh and family with the Punjab National Bank and two lockers at the Bank of Baroda belonging to Narendra Tripathi and family. Both are closely associated with the two bizmen against whom the taxmen had undertaken search operations at 60 places across the country last week.During the search the I-T officials came across 23 lockers in different banks.The opening of the locker started after lunch hours and it went on till late in the evening. After unearthing huge wealth running into crores of rupees, the IT had planned to get the 23 lockers opened on Monday. However, this couldn't happen as IT Investigation (MP and Chhattisgarh) director general Suresh Kumar and director B D Vishnoi had to leave to New Delhi after they were reportedly summoned by their seniors.It is suspected that lockers of contractor-turned-billionaire Suryavanshi and teacher-turned mining magnet Sharma and their associates are likely to cough up more wealth and documents relating to their transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444004", "title": "Consumer forum directs TVS Motors, dealer told to pay for faulty bike", "text": "CHENNAI: A city consumer forum has ordered TVS Motors Company Limited and its dealer, Kohinoor Motors on Greames Road, to pay 5,000 to a buyer who was supplied with a two-wheeler that developed defects. Both parties were also directed to rectify the defects.A bench of the District Consumer Disputes' Redressal Forum, Chennai (south) gave the order on a complaint from S Mohammed Meeran of Old Washermenpet. He had sought a direction to replace the bike and to be paid compensation.Meeran said he bought a 'Scooty Streak' for 43,807 in 2010. Within four months, the vehicle began stopping while on the move. The dealer carried out repairs but the problem remained, Meeran said and contended this was due to an inherent manufacturing defect.The manufacturer held that the vehicle was dispatched after being cleared by a quality control test. If any components were found to be defective, they could be replaced and not the vehicle altogether.The bench said Meeran had not produced any evidence to prove the vehicle had an inherent manufacturing defect and that, as per the warranty conditions, he was not entitled to a new vehicle. However, the act of the opposite parties in not rectifying defects amounted to deficiency in service, it said and directed them to rectify defects, pay Rs 5,000 as compensation and Rs 2,000 as costs of the complaint within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14446726", "title": "Court puts Pakistan president, PM on notice", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani court on Wednesday directed President Asif Ali Zardari to act on its earlier order to dissociate himself from political activities and to stop using the presidency for political purposes, failing which contempt of court proceedings could be initiated against him.A three-judge bench of the Lahore high court headed by Chief Justice Umar Ata Bandial made the observation in response to two petitions filed against Zardari for not quitting the political office of head of the ruling Pakistan People's Party.Chief justice Bandial remarked: \"The court is issuing a short order directing the president to implement the Lahore high court's order in this regard, otherwise contempt of court proceedings may be initiated against him.\"The bench noted that the HC had issued an order on May 12, 2011 that said it expected the president to disassociate himself from political activities as soon as possible.It said adequate time would be given to the president to act on this order. The court questioned the petitioners on whether the president had any immunity under Article 248 of the Constitution.A K Dogar, the counsel for one of the petitioners, claimed the president had no immunity in civil cases.Dogar is also the lawyer for Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Hafiz Saeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14453335", "title": "Three cops suspended for talking under-trial to his home", "text": "CHANDIGARH : In a major embarrassment to Chandigarh police, its three officials have been found guilty of taking an under-trial prisoner to his home while he was being taken to a local court for regular hearing.The errant cops have been identified as constable Sanjay Kumar , constable Tejpal singh and constable Randhir Singh . They had taken the undertrial Raj Kumar to his house in village Budanpur in Panchkula district, in a private Alto car.However, this incident came to light on Wednesday after a resident of the locality saw them and informed a vernacular newspaper office.\"We have conducted an inquiry and on its basis all three accused cops have been suspended and sent to police lines. We have further ordered a departmental probe in this case,\" said Suman Kumar, deputy superintendent of Chandigarh police.The under-trial Raj Kumar is lodged at Burail jail in Chandigarh and he was involved in various cases of robberies and snatchings. The accused cops told the inquiry officer that they had taken Raj to his house as his son was very ill.Besides, police have also issued directions to Burail jail authorities to keep a tab on the timings when prisoners are taken out of jail for court hearing and when are they returning. They have been told to take action if they found any discrepancy in timings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448209", "title": "\u2018Good rains likely only in July\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Rains continue to play hide and seek with the state capital. With the predictions about monsoon going awry, residents are now desperately waiting for the rain god to shower his blessings. Despite arrival of pre-monsoon showers on time and the dark clouds on the city skyline there are no indications of rains.If the met department is to be believed the residents will have to wait for the month to end for good monsoon spell as the system developing over the Bay of Bengal will likely bring in good rains. Officials still believe that low pressure is likely to form on June 30 or July 1, which will bring showers to the city. \"People should not get disheartened as first week of July will certainly bring respite from the humid weather and scorching heat,\" said D P Dube, director, Meteorological Department.Dube said that for the past couple of years, not many systems have formed over the Bay of Bengal which normally leads to rains in the state. The state meets its rain target because of the one or two systems which are formed over the Arabian Sea. But, MP region as a whole, which depends mainly on the system in the Bay of Bengal has been getting less rain in the [past few years.When asked about whether the state would receive scanty rains this year, Dube said, \"In 2010, rains came on July 1 and monsoon was normal. If the weather system works properly, then this year too, rainfall will be normal.\"Meanwhile residents continued to battle sultry weather in the city. The afternoons are especially scorching for people moving out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441866", "title": "IRCTC ticket booking: Cheat codes to win 'great ticket battle'", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the chances of booking a confirmed ticket during peak hours through the official IRCTC website vanishing, techno-geeks are finding out numerous 'alternatives' to bypass the 'long and tidy procedures while filling the forms' and win the 'great ticketing battle'.Websites are galore providing tips and tricks. Another set of websites have emerged out of the horizon that 'listens' to the problems faced by a general user. Many users log on to the online grievances redressal websites to vent their anguish.A tech website claims that using multiple login accounts and subsequently different browsers for each account can increase the probability of grabbing a confirmed ticket. The administrator of the website claims that using certain cheat codes like use of Firefox extension to 'bypass first three steps' of booking, adding codes to the browser shortcut to run different profiles and using Firebug extension to change booking quota at the last minute can lead to better chances.When TOI tried to follow a tutorial, it indeed bypasses some steps, but a word of caution for those who asks users to save their bank account passwords for saving that extra second while booking.Blocking the 'Quick-book' system during tatkal hours has resulted in these browser-based tweaks leaving a normal user grappling for tickets. There are many softwares as well which developers claim can book tickets in seconds - IRCTC take note. Auto-form filling software has been a common. \"Syncing the computer's time to rail servers is also a basic need if one wants to win the great ticketing battle\", writes a blogger.In the morning hours, IRCTC website is choked, but a blogger says using a certain stimulator browser and logging in to the mobile version of the website (http://irctc.co.in/mobile) can be effective as the load in that server is low as compared to the main website. TOI did a research on that as well. The website indeed runs better as compared to the general website but has glitches while used through a stimulator browser in a computer. There can be serious safety issues and one's credit/debit card details could be tempered with.Explaining the pain a regular user faces while logging in to the IRCTC website, a tech-blogger writes, \"Trust me, a computer geek, with a typing speed of say at least 60 wpm I have tried it on multiple occasions with a high speed net connection, and nothing has worked.\"The apathy doesn't end with the IRCTC website itself. The Indian Railway's official website that can be used for travel planning, checking PNR status and train running information hosts loads of unnecessary banner ads. The pop-up ads are the most irritating ones which pops out in a different window when someone tries to check something as basic as PNR status. \"The website doesn't look like a government website. I wonder who is benefitting with those ads? Are they adding to the revenue or there's a scam in that also?\" questions a blogger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445453", "title": "Pawan Kumar Anjaiah's body can be brought back", "text": "BANGALORE: Delaware state police on Wednesday said the body of Bangalore techie Pawan Kumar Anjaiah, 26, who allegedly committed suicide in a US hotel, could be taken back to India.The body of Pawan, an employee of business and technology services major Cognizant who was in the US on a job assignment, found in a hotel room in Belleville, New Jersey on June 19. He allegedly died of a drug overdose. Police from the neighbouring state of Delaware were looking for Pawan in connection with the alleged murder of Daliell Mehlman, a 26-year-old teacher and mother of a 4-year-old boy, a day earlier. Pawan and Daliell had been sharing a hotel room.\"The autopsy and tests on a few body samples of Pawan are over. The report on the quality and quantity of drugs consumed to commit suicide and other details will be out in two weeks,\" sources privy to the development told TOI.Delaware police are investigating the case as a suicide, the sources confirmed. \"Delaware police have said they have sufficient evidence to establish that Pawan is the prime suspect in the murder of Daliell Mehlman. Footage from surveillance cameras and eyewitness accounts are their major evidence,\" they added.Pawan's parents, however, alleged he's been framed in the murder case before being killed. His mother Gangaratnamma said: \"Pawan always carried a large amount of cash with him. He told me five days before he was found dead that he was buying a new car and had emptied the bank account for that. It's true he had a lot of money with him two days before the tragedy.\"Pawan's father Anjaiah said his son was not the kind who would kill himself. \"I'm his father and I know my son better than anyone in the world. Pawan will never go to the extent of killing the mother of a 4-year-old boy,\" he said and added: \"Some miscreants killed her and framed my son. He was forcibly injected with drugs to make it look like a suicide.\"The parents are still upset with what they say is the continued apathy of their son's employers. \"It is the eighth day since my son's death and Cognizant is not ready to bring the back body or at least help us in this,\" Anjaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438336", "title": "Set up more special courts to dispose of SC/STs cases: Mukul Wasnik", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union minister for social justice and empowerment Mukul Wasnik expressed dismay at the low rate of convictions in the cases related to atrocities on scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in Andhra Pradesh.Talking to the media after a review meeting with representatives of the state, Wasnik urged the state government to set up special courts for speedy disposal of the cases. The Union minister said the conviction rate in Andhra Pradesh was just 13%, which was much less than the national average of 31%.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, minister of state for social justice and empowerment D Napoleon , state social welfare minister Pithani Satyanarayana, home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy and rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad participated in the meeting held to review the implementation of Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act 1989 and protection of civil rights Act.Wasnik said the conviction rate in cases of atrocities on SCs and STs is 3.3% in Karnataka, 6.4% in Gujarat and 6.6% in Maharashtra while the pendency rate is 90% in Gujarat, 88% in West Bengal , 87% in Maharashtra and 82% in Bihar. He, however, said the state stood below the national average in the matter of pendency. In AP, the pendency rate was slightly less at 70% compared to national average of 80%. \"Andhra Pradesh should take initiative to set up more special courts for the speedy delivery of justice in the cases booked under the Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act 1989\" the minister said.According to the Union minister, in registration of cases under the SC-ST Act last year, AP occupied third position. \"Rajasthan leads the list with 6,298 cases while Uttar Pradesh stood at second position with 6,272 cases. The number of cases registered in AP was 5,094,\" Wasnik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14458442", "title": "Can the early warning system prevent floods in Surat ?", "text": "SURAT: With rains delayed this summer in the south of Gujarat , environmentalists and authorities are worried if the most fertile region of the state would have normal monsoon or not .\" The indications were there from the beginning of Winter late last year when the area experienced extreme winters for a few days and then it almost fizzled out to be revived again. Even heat was extreme in April end which is abnormal.The pattern is changing for sure.\" Said Professor Mahesh Desai , Former Deputy Director of Central water commission. \"The effects of climate change which are visible in the south of Gujarat have led to an island like climate in mid summer too, \" he added. All this has raised a question mark over proper monsoons and city's preparedness for floods.After the devastating floods of 2006 , early warning system (EWS) of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) prepared by TARU and Telemetry system of Central Water commission (CWC) was set up. But will it prevent floods ?Flood forecasting has become a reality and that will lead to alerts and precautions which will eventually help in saving life and property but will it prevent the floods ? \" It is highly unlikely . Telemetry system will be able to give us the data on regular basis which can form the base for accurate flood forecasting . But, to reverse the effects of climate change it will not help, \" said Desai.C K Mishra, officer incharge of the region from CWC talking to TOI said, \" Telemetry system will give us real time data without error but it will be next year when it will be exactly possible to know when the certain quantity of water released from Ukai dam will reach Surat city . The model up to Hathnoor is ready but from Hathnoor to Ukai and Ukai to Surat will be ready by next monsoon only to forecast time for water to reach from one place top another as it depends of velocity, levels at reservoir and other things.\" This way flood forecasting will be possible now but exact timing will again be a question till operative model is installed.Similarly precautions against climate change are possible but prevention will need a lot of effort.Some measures suggested for preventing the effects of climate change1. Keep temperatures within normal limits 2. Keep earth as cool as possible by green atmosphere 3. Raise underground water levels by rain harvesting 4. Limit emission of gases that creates heat and pollution 5. Control Carbon emissions 6. Produce energy by unconventional meansSteps taken on ground by administration 1. Green Surat campaign launched.2 Lakh new trees planted 2. Plan on ground and in motion for 700 rain harvesting wells 3. Production of Solar and wind power has taken off and few MW of energy by this way is produced 4. Plans a foot to construct green housing projects in and around the city 5. Plans on for development of green clusters around city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14445550", "title": "Sarabjit's family regrets Pak u-turn, Surjeet's kin rejoice", "text": "FEROZEPUR: As joy turned into sorrow at the house of Sarabjit Singh in Amritsar's Bhikhiwind village, celebrations began at Phidde village in Ferozepur district, home to another Indian prisoner Surjeet Singh.The Pakistan government's announcement to release Surjeet and not Sarabjit, both have been languishing in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail, reached his family as Islamabad made a complete U-turn late Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning, the entire Phidde village was in a jubilant mood and the villagers and relatives started pouring into Surjeet's house. Surjeet's elder sister Gurdeep Kaur rushed from Bhutiwala village in Faridkot to join the celebrations.Surjeet's wife Harbans Kaur said, \"I had lost all hopes of seeing my husband alive again. Till some years back we thought he was dead.\"Surjeet Singh alias Makhan Singh was arrested in 1982 near the international border by the Pakistan Rangers on charges of spying and was given death sentence by the commanding officer of the 106 Brigade Headquarters, Lahore, Cantt, the same year. Six years later on December 8, 1988, Ghulam Ishaque Khan, the then president of Pakistan, converted his death sentence into life imprisonment following announcement of general amnesty by the government. Paving the way for his release, the Punjab government of Pakistan in May this year had informed the Lahore high court that Surjeet had completed his term and would be released.\"Since he left us in 1982, life has been very tough for me. The hardship I faced in raising four children without any support can't be expressed in words,\" said Harbans Kaur. \"We don't know how he crossed over to the other side of the border. But he was definitely not a spy,\" Kaur said. Kaur said she was sad for Sarabjit and his family. \"I know everyone has been talking about Sarabjit. He has also suffered a lot and should be freed.\"Surjeet's son Kulwinder Singh said, \"We are all eagerly awaiting my father's release from Lahore jail. We are going to give him a warm welcome him at Attari border. We also appeal to the Pakistan government to release Sarabjit Singh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14450355", "title": "Goans finally get 50% exclusive seats at NITG", "text": "PANAJI: Fifty per cent of seats will henceforth be reserved for Goan students at the National Institutye of Technology (NIT) Goa campus from the current academic year 2012-13. Announcing this, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who had made a strong pitch for 50% exclusive reservation for Goan students at the NIT Goa, said his stand had paid off. The government of India has acceded to Goa goernement's persistent request for the same.Till the academic year 2011-12, Goa shared 50% reservation with Daman and Diu, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Lakshadweep. This meant that in a particular year, if students from the three union territories scored better than Goan students, not a single aspirant from Goa might have been able to secure a seat at the Goa NIT.With the new decision, 50% of the home state seats become exclusively reserved for Goan students. Since NIT Goa has 90 seats, 45 of these will now be reserved for Goan students.Now, Dadra Nagar Haveli, Diu and Daman will form part of Gujarat state and Lakshadweep will be treated as part of Kerala state for admission purposes.This will mean that NIT Surat takes care of Dadra Nagar Haveli and Diu and Daman, and NIT Calicut takes care of Lakshadweep for admissions in the home state quota.NIT Goa is functioning from a temporary campus located in Goa engineering college, Farmagudi. Parrikar in March this year had said that the state would not invest in land for the NIT if 50% seats were not exclusively reserved for Goans. He had said Goa would only help identify land for the NIT if the centre did not come clear on reservation policy for locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14443883", "title": "Sardesai flays govt for doing 'nothing' in 100 days", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that the chief minister's admission that it is a matter of concern that the UK high commission in India has warned Britons visiting Goa about crime, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai said that Manohar Parrikar has to act now and assuage the feelings of the international community.Referring to the TOI report on the UK advisory to its tourists visiting India including Goa, Sardesai implored the government to address the security concerns and ensure that there is no dip in the number of tourists visiting.Hitting out at state tourism minister Dilip Parulekar for having yet to wake up from his 'honeymoon slumber', Sardesai flayed the government for having done little in the hundred days since they were in power to attract high-spending tourists to the state.Sardesai criticized the state for having decided to disband the tourism security force without attributing good enough reason and more so for failing to come up with an alternative plan. Sardesai added that the plan of forming a tourist security force by the earlier government had an adequate strength capable of manning the beach and tackling security issues.\"Parulekar is more concerned with rackets like getting beach cleaning machines which are subject to dispute and has suggested starting something on the lines of a tourist guard which is just a change in nomenclature,\" added Sardesai.On the proposal of utilizing mechanized beach cleaning equipment, Sardesai claimed that it would go four inches under the sand cover and destroy aquatic life and marine fauna. He further suggested that the proposal be rejected and that the job of cleaning beaches be outsourced to women self-help groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441741", "title": "High court to lay down criteria for government lawyers' appointment", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahadbad high court has summoned records pertaining to the recent appointments of a large number of government lawyers appointed at both its benches in Allahabad and Lucknow.A vacation bench of Justices DP Singh and Satish Chandra posted the matter on June 28 for fixing the criteria for appointment of government lawyers in the high court. The bench said it was concerned that the state government had not laid down any definite criteria or merit for the appointment of government lawyers at the high court.The order came on a PIL filed by a local lawyer Raj Karan Singh who alleged nepotism and caste factor played a major role in the appointment of government lawyers. The state government had recently appointed hundreds of government lawyers, 70% of whom, the petitioner alleged, belonged to a particular caste and community respectively. Even sons, nephews and other close relatives a number of serving and high court judges were appointed. Persons with criminal records were also appointed, the petition alleged.Singh also alleged that the SP government had appointed many of its workers, who though possessed a law degree but had never ever practised in their life. Arguing that the state government paid salary and emoluments to these lawyers from tax payers' money, Singh said it was the state's duty to engage the most proficient lawyers for practicing in the high court. He also said incompetent lawyers would not be able to defend the state government properly in litigations, in turn affecting the government's interest.The petitioner also raised concerns about the appointments of lawyers practising in subordinate courts in remote areas for being appointed as government lawyers at the high court. He also alleged the state government has arbitrarily chosen its workers as government lawyers in the high court, based only on the duration of their registration with the Bar Council. The petitioner also stated that the judicial officers whose wards and close relatives have been appointed as government lawyers should not hear the cases filed by or against the state government as it would send out a wrong message to the common people. The PIL also sought the removal of government lawyers recently engaged by the SP government and said criteria for such appointments should be fixed before fresh appointments are made.The bench heard the matter and said that it would fix the criteria for appointment of government lawyers in the high court. Additional government advocate Zafaryab Jilani who appeared before the court in this regard admitted certain shortcomings in the appointments and informed the court that the state government would take necessary steps to address the concern. The court was, however, not satisfied with Jilani's statement. Instead, it said that the court would itself fix the criteria for appointment of government lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14457791", "title": "Gangs no more in vogue, solo crimes in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: It seems that the Panchkula police machinery is being taken for granted by the criminals as now 'solo crimes' are being committed which means that the criminals are striking without a gang.\"It shows the extent of guts the criminals possess. It even reflects how they perceive the police machinery that they feel no need to have a companion in the crime. They are too sure that they can easily commit it all alone,\" said Rajveer Singh, a resident of sector-11, Panchkula.\"One can only imagine the state of mind of criminals that they have become so bold to commit the crime alone. Previously in Panchkula, gangs used to commit crime but now a single person has become a menace,\" said Suresh Garg, a resident of sector-4,Panchkula.\"It depends on the mindset of the criminal. If he gets support from his friends, then they strike in a group, if he thinks not to disclose it to anyone, he strikes alone,\" said Assistant Commissioner of Police(ACP), Dheeraj Setia.It was on May 20 when a youth tried to perform the act of stealing at the residence of Thakurs in sector-10, Panchkula. The accused was identified as Suryakant, who hails from Uttar Pradesh. He was carrying a bag which had a big knife and a live cartridge in it. The youth also had a pistol and held the lady, her daughter and the maid hostage.Similarly, Simran, a fashion designer from sector-15, Panchkula was murdered by a youth on April 30, 2011. Not only this, her body was packed in a Punto car and dumped in a vacant plot near Lidhran village on the Jalandhar-Amritsar National Highway.Also on October 20, 2009, two year old Jiya was kidnapped from her house in sector-7, Panchkula by an unidentified person when she was playing outside her house. It was later when the police nabbed the accused that he disclosed that he had performed the heinous crime single handedly.On October5, 2010, one and a half year old Arnav Bansal was also kidnapped from his house in sector-7, Panchkula by a youth when he was playing outside his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14438736", "title": "CID SP Yadav to represent India in squash", "text": "NAGPUR: Yashasvi Yadav, SP in the CID, has been selected to represent India in the above 35-years' category in the forthcoming World Squash Championship scheduled to be held in London and Birmingham between July 20 and 27. Yadav, who recently won the Nagpur title, has been selected on the basis of his seeding and participation in the Open Nationals for five times.Yadav, who is currently handling the sensational theft case of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles from Bapu Kuti at Wardha, has been training for the championship at CP Club under trainer-cum-coach MK Khan, a veteran in the game.\"Our tournament is the demo event of the Olympics where 800 players from 60 countries are participating. India would be represented by a five-member team,\" said 37-year-old Yadav, a fitness and sports freak.The police officer has been in love with squash since he was 16. He played the sports at different levels before making it to the Nationals. Yadav, who trains for one-and-half hours regularly, is also handling the critical case of Yogita Thakre whose body was found in a car parked at the residence of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari .Yadav said that he now intends to stretch his practice and fitness sessions. \"We plan to leave for England early to get acclimatized with the condition,\" said Yadav.The championship has been organized by the England Squash and Racquet Ball Association under the auspices of World Squash Federation.Highlighting the advantage of playing squash, Yadav said every officer should engage in some sports or games to remain fit. \"Squash is a physically demanding game and one needs to master the technique of conserving energy. In situations like riot and arson, a cop who plays squash can tackle the mob for long and also when one needs to chase and catch someone,' said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14446622", "title": "With sacred threads, Abu Jundal tried to colour 26/11 saffron", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorist Abu Jundal has confirmed that he and other 26/11 masterminds had plotted to make the attack appear as a handiwork of Hindu radicals upset with the slain Maharashtra ATS chief Hemant Karkare .Sources familiar with Jundal's interrogation quoted him saying that it was the Maharashtra-born terrorist who thought of giving it a Hindu hue. Karkare, who was killed in the 26/11 terror attack, had arrested alleged Hindu terrorists \u2014 including Sadhvi Pragya Singh and Lt Colonel Prasad Purohit \u2014 for the 2008 Malegaon blasts.As part of the deception, gunman Ajmal Kasab and the other terrorists were made to wear saffron wristbands (maulis). Also, IDs bearing Hindu names like Sameer Chaudhary, were organized. The terrorists were taught the basics of Hindi usage by Jundal.The plan would have succeeded had all the terrorists been killed. But Ajmal Kasab's capture was a spanner in the works, although it did not deter many from publicly expressing the suspicion that 26/11 may have been meant to avenge Karkare's action against Hindu radicals.Jundal told interrogators that he had drafted the email in Hindi that was sent to media houses attributing the authorship of the attack to a fictional group, Deccan Mujahidin. An MA in Hindi literature, Jundal was best suited for the job.Jundal, who is reportedly the highest ranking Indian in the LeT hierarchy, has also disclosed various locations of Lashkar hideouts and that of the control room in Karachi , from where he along with five others gave directions to the 10 militants in Mumbai. Jundal has claimed that this control room was setup in a rented accommodation in Quaidabad locality, close to Malir Cantonment area and Jinnah International airport in Karachi.Sources also confirmed that safety of control room was the responsibility of Major Sajid Meer of Pakistan's army, who was present there along with Lakhvi, Jundal, Zarar Shah, Muzammil and Azam Cheema. Officials say that the locality houses several Pakistani army officers and some VIPs. \"For travelling from control room to the Lashkar headquarters in Karachi, they used their own vehicles,\" said the source.Jundal has also provided names of some officers of ISI and the Pakistani Army apart from various LeT leaders and their hideouts, which investigators say, prove that state actors were part of the 26/11 conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14448819", "title": "Doing housework makes men happy: Study", "text": "London: In a good news for women , a new study has claimed that doing housework makes men happy as domestic arguments decline and the general happiness of the home gets better. According to a study published by Cambridge University , men actually like to do the housework.Domestic arguments decline and the general happiness of the home gets better when men do more of the job of looking after the house, it said. Husbands and boyfriends feel guilty when they don't do their share of the work around the home, the study of the differences between men and women suggests. But it also said that men prefer a quiet life with the domestic chores to a noisier one with a discontented other half, the Daily Mail reported. The team of academics said they had expected to find that conflict in the home worsened and the well-being of men declined when they did more housework. They reported, however, that the opposite happened. \"It may be because more men support gender equality , so they feel uncomfortable if the woman does most of the housework , and because women are becoming more and more assertive and making their dissatisfaction with lazy partners plain,\" the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "punjabi bhawan", "code": "14449818", "title": "Ludhiana relives memories and ghazals of Mehdi Hassan", "text": "PUNJABI BHAWAN: 'Ehsaas', an evening to pay a musical tribute to the maestro of ghazals Mehdi Hassan, organized by Rotary Club and Dhvani, an association for promotion of art and music, at Punjabi Bhawan on Tuesday, brought the fans of Hassan together to listen to his ever melodious ghazals.Mehdi Hassan left this world, where his voice will stay forever, on June 13.City-based ghazal singers sung popular ghazals of Mehdi Hassan, starting with 'Gulon Mein Rang Bharein' by Randhir Kanwal. Other singers who performed were Charan Kamal Singh, Gurleen Kaur, Rashi Sood, Neelam Khosla, Jasmeet Kaur, Dr Sanjeev Uppal and Rakhi Kanwal.Dugri resident and an ardent fan of Mehdi Hassan, Gurmeet Singh said, \"His demise brought a sense of irreparable loss to me. But, then I realized what he has left behind after listening his ghazals here, as I love all the lyrics.\"Another listener who enjoyed the evening, Kapil Sharma from Daresi, said Hassan's ghazals are very relaxing and more so, because of his voice. \"Ab Ke Hum Bichherein\" was the best sung ghazal of the evening by Charan Kamal Singh.\"Maya Nagar resident Vineet Kumar said the singers sung with a lot of emotion as every one missed the king of ghazals and realized they would never be able to listen to him live any more. \"His voice is like silk. Smooth and soulful beyond imagination,\" he added. A ghazal singer in the making Rashi Sood of Sarabha Nagar was praised for her voice when she sang \"Rafta Rafta Woh Meri Hasti Ka\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14460239", "title": "Don't want to get into 'slanging match' with Malik: Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to get into a \"slanging match\" with Pakistan interior ministry chief Rehman Malik , external affairs minister S M Krishna on Thursday asserted that mutual recrimination has to cease.\"We do not (want to) get into some kind of a slanging match with any distinguished person from Pakistan. Well, our efforts are directed for a constructive, cooperative agenda,\" he said when asked about statements made by Malik on Wednesday in Pakistan launching a bizarre tirade against India.\"I think mutual recrimination has to cease and we will have to look into brighter side that is available for both Pakistan and India,\" Krishna said.The minister's remarks came a day after Malik rejected home minister P Chidambaram's assertion of \"state support\" to the terrorists behind 26/11 massacre, saying ISI was a target of \"propaganda campaign\".Chidambaram's statement that Pakistan was sponsoring terror acts came in the backdrop of the arrest and interrogation of LeT's handler Abu Jundal, who was in the \"control room\" in Pakistan giving directions to the ten terrorists who attacked Mumbai in 2008.However, Malik, within hours of Chidamabarm's statement, sought to stump the arrest of Jundal.\"Now things are getting clarified. Who knows that there was a sting operation by somebody from India?\" Malik had said without elaborating what he meant by \"sting operation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "14458735", "title": "Life ban on Danish Kaneria harsh: Mushtaq Mohammad", "text": "KARACHI: Former Pakistan Test skipper, Mushtaq Mohammad feels that the life ban imposed on leg-spinner Danish Kaneria is harsh and over-the-top.Mushtaq believed that a five-year ban should have been enough for the player.\"Cricket was Danish's profession and whilst he has erred, I don't think the disciplinary panel should have given him a ban for life. I think a ban of five years like that imposed upon Salman Butt , Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif would have been the right punishment,\" Mushtaq, who played 57 Tests for Pakistan, said.\"I think Danish is well within his rights to challenge the life ban through whatever means are available to him, as I think a life ban is an over-the-top punishment,\" he added.The England and Wales cricket board (ECB) disciplinary panel last week found Kaneria guilty of spot fixing in county matches while playing for Essex and banned him for life and also imposed a fine of 100,000 pounds.The International Cricket Council (ICC) executive board that met in Kuala Lumpur this week also urged a worldwide ban for Kaneria.Mushtaq, however, made it clear that he had no sympathy for erring Pakistani players.\"The Kaneria episode is another sad and embarrassing chapter for Pakistan cricket. It seems to be one thing after another for Pakistan cricket, which has been heavily dented by these players who were found guilty in the past year or so.\"In my opinion these players have no morals and they use their cricketing ability for the wrong reasons. I'm glad they have been caught and punished and it's high time that Pakistani cricketers got their house in order and cleaned up their act. They are dragging down the name of Pakistan and devaluing the green cap that has been proudly worn by many before them,\" Mushtaq told Pakpassion.net.The former cricketer, who is settled in the United Kingdom now, felt that the background of the Pakistani players explained their wayward ways.\"The majority of cricketers in Pakistan come from poor families and when they come into the cricketing limelight and see so much money floating around, sadly temptation gets the better of them. When they are approached by the bookmakers, those cricketers with weak morals are then bought and tempted by the possibility of making easy money.\"They may be reluctant to get involved at first and fear the consequences of being caught. But when they succeed the first time, get away with it and receive their payments from the bookmakers, then corruption and greed grows and there is no going back. Once a player sees how easy it is to make money then others also get tempted and it spreads like a disease,\" explained Mushtaq.He, however, felt that the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) is moving in the right direction regarding the improvements they are making on education programs for young cricketers on corruption.\"I'm pleased with the efforts of the PCB and their education programs. They are heading in the right direction,\" said Mushtaq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14446298", "title": "House of Lords set for reform: Peers out, elected members in?", "text": "LONDON: In a bold move, British Prime Minister David Cameron on Wednesday tabled a bill to reform the 700-year-old House of Lords so that members of the chamber are mostly elected rather than being based on family inheritance.Moving the politically contentious reform bill in the House of Commons , Cameron said it was \"time to make progress\" after 100 years of attempts to reform the unelected upper chamber. The plans likely to face much opposition from nearly 100 Conservative MPs include 80% of the house membership to be chosen by voters, and reducing the membership of the chamber to 450 from the current 800.The opposition Labour party is supporting the reform, but is also facing opposition from some of its MPs. The reform is seen as driven mainly by the Liberal Democrats , partners in the ruling coalition, though other parties also promised it during the 2010 elections. If the bill becomes law, the non-elected 'peers' will no longer have a legislative role.The first elections to the new House of Lords, which could be called the Senate, could be held in 2015 if the bill goes through. The reform includes the removal from the house of the remaining hereditary peers and a 15-year term limits on those elected.Members of the House of Lords are currently appointed for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449004", "title": "International doll museum in the doldrums", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's vacation time and scores of families are visiting the International Doll Museum in Sector 23. But they are returning disappointed, as its air conditioners do not function, a toy train - which is its main attraction -- is non-operational and nothing new has been added to the collection for long.The employees said, \"The train was operational till last year, but nowadays, it only acts as a showpiece.\"Ruing its neglected state, Maninder Pal Singh of Sector 22 said, \"It is a beautiful museum with colorful dolls from different countries. And, its short stories on different religions enhance children's knowledge. But, you cannot spend more than 10 to 15 minutes here as it's quite hot inside. The authorities must make sure that its ACs function.\"\"When I took my kid to the museum to show him the toy train, I was shocked to find it non-operational. The visit was disappointing,\" said Rajit Kumar of Sector 33.UT director of the museum Balbir Singh said he would look into the problems.The museum was renovated at a cost of Rs 43.73 lakh in 2009. It has about 250 dolls from 30 countries on display. A special corner has souvenirs of Indian and international dolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14462114", "title": "IBM freezes salary increase, reveals mail", "text": "Many of IBM employees this year may not get a salary increase. In a mail to its employees in the North American Global Technology Services unit, the company reportedly said that it is only giving salary increase to workers with high-demand skills that the company requires. In an email, the company said, \"we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs.\"IBM typically gives salary increase during the mid-year months.Business Insider has published the internal IBM memo announcing the freeze that was sent to employees. Here's the full text of email as carried by Business Insider.GTS Employees,The Employee Salary Program takes into account a number of elements, including compensation competitiveness in markets we serve, our ability to attract and retain people with skills we need, our business performance, and other employee investments.It is essential for a services business to provide value-added services to clients at competitive price points. Our objective is to ensure a competitive labor cost structure while moving aggressively into areas that are strategic to our clients and require innovative solutions. This is fundamental to driving clear return on investments for our clients and to increase opportunities for all IBMers.To balance our ability to remain competitive with the need to invest in people who have high-demand skills, there will not be a broad-based salary program in GTS in 2012. Instead, we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs. These decisions do not affect the significant investments IBM makes each year in talent in addition to salary, including bonus programs, recognition, promotions, and skill development.Your manager or leadership team will communicate additional information to you over the next few weeks.Bob Zapfel General Manager, Global Technology Services, North America Richard A Patterson General Manager, GTS SO Delivery - Americas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446234", "title": "Junior college cut-offs go down in Mumbai", "text": "Mumbai: The announcement of the first online junior college merit lists brought cheer to students, with some top city colleges going for a dip in cut-offs. While most colleges saw a slide of 1.5-2%, cut-offs in a few went down by almost 4%.At K C College in Churchgate, the commerce cut-off stood at 88.55% this year, compared to 92.54% last year, while Ramnarain Ruia College in Matunga reduced the cut-off for science stream seats to 93.27% from 95.09%.In fact, some like K P B Hinduja College and St. Xavier's saw a marginal rise in cut-offs compared to last year. While it went up by 2% at K P B Hinduja, at St Xavier's the rise in cut-offs was less than a per cent in arts stream. Tushar Desai, principal of D G Ruparel College, Matunga, said the fall in cut-offs had been expected this year.\"We had expected it. Most students who apply for junior college seats are from the state board, and since the number of 90 percenters has gone down this year, the cut-offs had to go down,\" Tushar Desai, principal of D G Ruparel College, Matunga, said. Most principals echoed Desai on low scores of SSC students being the reason for the fall in cut-offs.At several top city colleges, after minority and in-house admissions, very few seats are left for open category students. Principal of SIES College of Commerce Minu Thomas said, \"Our cut-off in commerce has dipped from 90.77% to 89.63%. There was a slight increase in the number of seats, that is why more students were accommodated, bringing down the cut-off marginally.\" The college also converted management quota seats to merit seats to accommodate more in the open category. Despite having 480 seats, only 135 were available for online admissions in the college.At H R College in Churchgate, the cut-off was 91.27%, which is almost similar to last year's, but the college authorities were surprised by the high percentages of students who got seats under the sports and cultural quota. \"The highest percentage of applications under the cultural and sports quota stood at 91%. Even under the physically challenged quota, the highest scorer was 89%,\" college principal Indu Shahani said. Shobhana Vasudevan, principal of R A Podar College, said, \"It is a good sign. If the results were bad and cut-offs higher, it would have led to frustration among students.\"Principals are now worried about the large numbers of cancellations post-online admissions. \"This year, bifocal admissions are to be held after the closure of online admissions. With more high scorers aiming for bifocal seats, there will be many cancellations. We are hoping to finish the process soon,\" said Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439412", "title": "NCP opens doors for young women", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nationalist Congress Party is the only political party in the country to have separate wing for young women that was formerly launched by Rajya Sabha member Supriya Sule . \"This is a great opportunity for young women to make their presence felt in politics. Participate in political activities enthusiastically and avail the chance to enter governance at various levels,\" NCP youth leader Salil Deshmukh said here on Wednesday.He was speaking at the district meet of Rashtravadi Yuvak Congress, the youth wing of the NCP. He reiterated that a separate wing for women was started by Sule to encourage girls to assert themselves and play active role in public life through social work. Sule had also played a major role in drafting a youth policy for the state which will be implemented by the DF government soon, said Deshmukh, He also reminded the party workers that it was on the initiative of NCP chief Sharad Pawar that women's quota in elected civic bodies in Maharashtra was raised from 33% to 50%.The highlight of the meeting was entry into the NCP by several youth workers who were earlier affiliated to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and Bajrang Dal. Led by Kailsah Dongre and Naresh Behre, these activists were working in rural parts of the district, including Hudkeshwar and Narsala. ZP vice-resident Chandrashekhar Chikhale gave details of various public welfare schemes, Varsha Shyamkule spoke about the new women's wing of the party. State executive member Kamlakar Ghatole detailed on steps for organisational growth while Abhi Raut addressed the meeting on sensitive issue of female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449323", "title": "Gear up, trial runs all set to begin on Oct 2", "text": "GURGAON: Within three months, residents will get to see the first privately built Metro train roll out as the Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon Ltd (RMGL) is all set to start its trial runs from October this year.According to officials, after the pre-inspection test, the first train set that is being manufactured in China will be shifted to the Shanghai port by July 10. \"The train sets will then take another four weeks to reach the Mundra Port in Gujarat. The train will be brought to Gurgaon through surface transport and is expected to take approximately two weeks. The trains are expected to reach the city around August 15 and the trial runs will start on October 2. The trial run for the other sets of trains will subsequently follow and we expect that every month, a set of train will arrive in Gurgaon,\" said an official.\"The assembly work of the first set of train is complete. All mandatory static tests like mechanical and electrical works have been done. The dynamic test of the train is going on at the Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Company, the biggest train manufacturing unit in China, and shall be over by the first week of July. The assembling of the other trains has already started. The power arrangements are also being done and the substations are being given the final shape in coordination with the Gurgaon electricity department,\" he added.The coaches will be made of aluminum and will be lighter, smoother and scratch-proof which will further help in maintaining the aesthetics of the trains. This will be the lightest of all the Metro trains in India. The trains will have a capacity of approximately 1,000 passengers and a maximum speed of 80kmph.\"We are ensuring the most modern Metro system for the city of Gurgaon. We have taken all initiatives to ensure that the Rapid Metro adds to the aesthetics of the city and becomes the pride of the people,\" said Sanjiv Rai, MD, RMGL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14459884", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee files nomination for presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid a show of strength, UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee today filed his nomination papers for the July 19 presidential elections in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and a host of leaders.Pranab handed over his nomination papers to Vivek Kumar Agnihotri, Rajya Sabha secretary general and returning officer for the presidential elections.Soon after completing the process, Pranab thanked parties like SP, BSP, JD(U), CPI-M and Shiv Sena for reposing faith in him.\"I am grateful to them as they have reposed faith in me to occupy the office which was occupied in the past by great stalwarts of this country.\"I only wish at this time that let me have the blessings of God and cooperation of all at this juncture,\" he told reporters at the Parliament House.Four sets of nomination papers, signed by as many as 480 MPs and MLAs, including Union ministers, chief ministers, Congress legislature party leaders and PCC chiefs were submitted by Pranab.Convenor of the opposition NDA and JD(U) president Sharad Yadav was the first signatory on one set of nomination papers followed by defence minister AK Antony. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and BSP supremo Mayawati have also signed the nomination papers.As a matter of abundant precaution, each set of nomination papers have 60 proposers and 60 seconders against 50 proposers and 50 seconders as required under election rules.SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, Ram Vilas Paswan , Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and union ministers such as P Chidambaram, Farooq Abdullah, Ajit Singh , E Ahamed, A K Antony, Pawan Kumar Bansal, Ashwini Kumar were present at the time of Pranab filing his nomination papers.As expected, UPA ally Trinamool Congress , which has decided not to back Pranab, was not present.SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav , BSP leader Satish Chandra Mishra , NCP leader D P Tripathi were among others who witnessed the filing of nomination papers.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal has been appointed as Mukherjee's authorised representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440738", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to campaign in Rajasthan on July 5", "text": "JAIPUR: Presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee will be in the city on July 5 as part of his election campaign and would hold meeting with elected representatives of the state during his visit .The momentum of the presidential elections increased in the state as chief minister Ashok Gehlot will lead senior MPs, legislators and cabinet ministers met Mukherjee at his residence in Delhi. The elected representatives of the state Congress assured their support to Mukherjee and wished him success.Among those who met Mukherjee were Girija Vyas , Mahesh Joshi , Shanti Dhariwal, Bina Kak, Rajendra Pareek and Raghu Sharma. Led by Gehlot, all of them signed in support of Mukherjee's nomination.Interacting with the media after the meeting, Gehlot said the results of the presidential elections were decided on the day Sonia Gandhi announced Mukherjee's name as UPA's candidate. \"Mukherjee is an accepted candidate not just for the UPA but for the entire country. His victory is certain and the politics over the issue is rather unfortunate,'' Gehlot said.Gehlot lashed out at the BJP for \"politicizing\" the presidential elections. \"Certain partners of NDA are themselves supporting Mukherjee. The NDA itself could not finalise a candidate from among them and politicizing the presidential elections might be their policy, on which I can't comment,'' he said and called for the NDA to withdraw support to P A Sangma. \"There is time as yet, the NDA should reconsider and rethink over their decision. Mukherjee's victory is certain,'' he said.Senior cabinet minister Bina Kak said this was not a show of strength on part of the state Congress but a reflection of the love and respect for Mukherjee. \"There cannot be a more respected candidate than Mukherjee. A royal worker of the party, he today is all set to be elected as the country's first citizen and the Congress members are all happy for him,\" Kak said.A day earlier, leader of opposition in the state assembly Vasundhara Raje led 23 BJP legislators on signing in support of Sangma's nomination. Independent MP from Dausa Kirorilal Meena on Wednesday met Sangma, extending his support to the latter.The total number of voters in the state for the presidential elections is 235, which includes 200 legislators, 25 Lok Sabha MPs and 10 Rajya Sabha MPs. The total value of votes from the state is 50,580.\"Mukherjee is a candidate respected by all and apart from the 101 Congress legislators, 13 independents will also support him. This apart, several from the rival camp will also support him and he will get more votes that the total figure of Congress representatives from the state,'' said Raghu Sharma, chief whip of the ruling party in the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14439182", "title": "Man arrested for stalking schoolgirl", "text": "HYDERABAD: Musheerabad police on Wednesday arrested a 30-year-old former school teacher on the charge of harassing a class VII girl.The accused, Madhu Suresh, hails from Marriguda mandal in Nalgonda district and used to work as a teacher at a private school in Bhoodan Pochampally. The school management sacked him from the job after he misbehaved with the girl and some others.As Suresh continued stalking the girl, family members sent her to their relative's house at Ram Nagar and she joined a private school here in class VIII. After finding out that the girl was in Ram Nagar, Suresh began stalking her again three days ago.Alerted by the girl, family members lodged a police complaint on Wednesday. The special team of police nabbed Suresh near Nallakunta nala while he was trying to follow the victim on a bike. A case was booked against him under sections 506 (criminal intimidation) and 509 (outraging modesty of a woman) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439487", "title": "IIT Kharagpur hails council move on CET", "text": "KOLKATA: The decision of the IIT council to \"pay heed\" to the demands of the warring IITs in the manner in which on the common entrance test would be conducted is considered a major victory for the autonomous status of the IITs, said the faculty at IIT Kharagpur. The IIT Kharagpur was among those, who was neither vehemently opposing the common entrance test (CET) nor supporting the move by the union HRD ministry. There was seething resentment among the faculty on the tenets of the common entrance test.The announcements made at the end of the IIT council on Wednesday, accepted most of the demands put forth by the IITs. Initially, Kapil Sibal , the union HRD minister, had announced that there would be a common entrance test for all tech schools including the IITs and the exam would be conducted by the CBSE. Most IITs vehemently opposed this and some like IIT Kanpur had even gone forward to announce that they would conduct their own exams, ignoring the command of the Union ministry.At Wednesday's meeting in New Delhi, the council announced that the IITs will have the right to set the question papers for the advanced test and also conduct the exam. Other agencies will have nothing to do with the advanced test.\"This is a major win for us. The earlier plan, where even the advanced test was supposed to be conducted by the CBSE, was not acceptable to us. It had also been proposed that both the main test and the common test would happen on the same day. We had opposed this in the interest of the autonomy of the IITs and also because the brand value of the IITs gets diluted if an agency from outside is appointed to conduct the advanced test,\" said IIT Kharagpur faculty member Prashanta Guha, who is also the spokesperson of this IIT's teachers' association. Members of the association were in the Capital to join the common platform of similar associations from all the IITs to protest if the council had taken a decision otherwise.As things stand now, the main exam would be conducted by the CBSE and the advanced exam would be conducted a month after that. The main exam would help in drawing up a merit list for other tech schools. However, the IITs would allow top 1.5 lakh candidates from this merit list to write the advanced test. \"We wanted them to shortlist 65,000 candidates for us, but we are happy to let the top 1.5 lakh students write the advanced test. The spectrum gets broadened and that should help everyone,\" said a senior faculty member who is associated with the IITJEE.IIT Kharagpur had said that the new exam should come into force from 2014. There were some IITs who did not have a problem with the exam from 2013 as Sibal had suggested. \"Naturally, we will have to adjust faster than what we had expected. It is bound to create problem because the methodology for the new look advanced exam will have to be finalized within a short span of time,\" said another faculty member who is associated with IITJEE.The IIT Kharagpur faculty had also vetoed the inclusion of plus two board scores during the compilation of the merit list. \"Till date, we ensured that a candidate entering the IITs has scored a minimum of 60% in the board exam. However, including the board score when the merit list is being made will mean an uneven comparison between the board exam, which is a qualifying test, with the IIT entrance exam, which is an elimination test,\" Guha added.The council decided at a cut off of 20 percentile from the board exam. Only those candidates will finally enter the IITs who belong to the top 20 percentile of the board exam. \"This means a score of 80% and above. We are happy at this because this will clearly improve the quality of students finally entering the IITs. Again, it will force students to take their board exams seriously and this will indirectly give us candidates with better merit,\" explained Guha.IIT Kharagpur will formally announce its assent to the council's suggestions after a thorough look at the draft proposal in a specially convened senate in the first week of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "14450509", "title": "We have achieved several milestones: PII chief", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Pasteur Institute of India (PII) in Coonoor is one of the oldest and leading institutes that produce anti-rabies vaccine and DPT group of vaccines for the Expanded Programme of Immunization of the Government of India. From April 6, 1907 , when it was inaugurated till 1977, the institute was known as Pasteur Institute of Southern India. Subsequently, it was renamed as the Pasteur Institute of India and was registered as a society under the Societies Registration Act 1860. Since then it has been functioning as an autonomous body under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India. The affairs of the state-run institute are managed by a governing body. Dr. B. Sekar, director, Pasteur Institute, speaks to TOI about its functioning and plans for expansion:Just after the completion of the centenary year in 2007, the license to manufacture vaccines was suspended by the government in February 2008, citing the failure to comply with good manufacturing practices (GMP). How did the institute handle the situation and restart production of the DPT vaccine?A Parliamentary standing committee had visited the institute last November and inspected the laboratory, giving a satisfactory report to the government. Consequently, the suspension of the license was revoked. To boost production, the government also sanctioned a sum of Rs 150 crore for expansion. This facilitated compliance with good production practices and today all our vaccines are safe and of good quality. Credit also goes to the strong support and competence of our technical and non-technical staff.When the institute was closed, how was the staff taken care of?Between 2008 and 2010, it was a very difficult time for all of us. The staff which included 200 technical and 46 non-technical members was engaged in academic and testing activities. Many were engaged in industrial visits. As there was no production and sales the Government of India paid salaries to all staff members under the grant-in-aid system.With the release of DPT vaccine on Tuesday, after a gap of four years, what are your thoughts about the institute?Since its inception, the Institute has been in business for over 100 years and only three of those years were tough. For the most part, things have been good. Many milestones have been achieved. In 1970, for the first time in India PII developed, produced and supplied BPL inactivated Rabies Vaccine, which made treatment easier and cheaper as the dose was lower while the potency increased. In addition, the side effects were minimized. In the same year, for the first time in India, the institute developed and produced indigenous Oral Polio Vaccine Trivalent. Production of Tissue Culture Rabies Vaccine for Canine Prophylaxis in the year 1988 is another milestone in the control of rabies.What are the future plans for the institute?With the release of 15 lakh doses of DPT vaccine, we have proposed to produce 300 lakh doses of DPT by March 2013. Production will be increased incrementally over time. The present manufacturing capacity of 2 lakh doses of anti-rabies vaccine will be enhanced to 10 lakh doses in the years to come. The anti-rabies vaccines will be released within 3-4 months.Between 2008 and 2010, it was a very difficult time for all employees of the institute. As there was no production and sales the Government of India paid salaries to all staff members under the grant-in-aid system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14448927", "title": "Poster menace is widespread", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police may have booked five student leaders for defacing public property on Tuesday, but the menace of posters continues to be spread far and wide in the northern sectors, much beyond Panjab University campus.Both the police as well as the administration have turned a blind eye to posters pasted on roads in areas near PU and colleges.Posters seeking support for student leaders of different parties blemish various public places on the stretch connecting sectors 26 and 10. It includes sectors 26, 7, 8, 9 and 10. And surprisingly, most of the commuters who pass through this route have nothing to do with students' politics. Many senior IAS officers and police officials pass through this stretch, but it seems they fail to notice the defacement that has been there for many months.When asked about it, Neeraj Sarna, station house officer of Sector 3 police station, assured that the remaining posters would also be removed shortly. Defacing public property by pasting posters is an offence under West Bengal Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 1976. Though posters of student political parties carry names of different party officials and also their phone numbers, cops have failed to track them. Most of these defacements include posters of student political parties like Students' Organization of Panjab University, Panjab University Students' Union and Chandigarh Students' Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439464", "title": "Govt to file affidavit on activist's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday directed the government to file an affidavit on the investigation into the murder of environmental activist Tapan Dutta in May last year.The court order came in response to a writ petition filed by the victim's widow Pratima for a CBI inquiry.Many Trinamool leaders, including agricultural marketing minister Arup Ray, were named as accused in the original chargesheet filed in Howrah court on August 30, 2011. The petitioner has alleged that their names were dropped in a supplementary chargesheet filed on September 26, a day after DIG (CID) VV Thambi said that the 'Arup Ray' named in the original chargesheet was not the Trinamool minister.Pratima's counsel Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya and Sabyasachi Chatterjee said that Tapan Dutta was murdered for resisting an attempt to fill up a large waterbody near Bally for a housing project. Dutta's body was found near Bally station on May 6, 2011.CID arrested five suspects, who are now out on bail. The chargesheet was filed on August 30, naming Arup Ray, who is also the Howrah district Trinamool president, among other local Trinamool leaders, the petitioner's counsel told the court.On September 25, last year Thambi issued a press statement that the investigation was conducted properly and that the Arup Ray named in the chargesheet was not the state agricultural marketing minister. The very next day, the prosecution filed a supplementary chargesheet in Howrah court, leaving out eight names, including that of Arup Ray, the counsel said.Last week, Pratima Dutta filed a writ petition alleging that the CID investigation was not done properly and a CBI probe was needed.State counsel Kishore Dutta opposed the petition, saying the CID probe was done \"perfectly\". Justice Dipankar Datta then asked the government to file an affidavit in two weeks on the investigation into Tapan Dutta's murder.Ray said at Writers' Buildings: \"Anyone can file a writ petition. It can be done to malign me or as part of a conspiracy. The law will take its course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14449033", "title": "Beetle attack cases on the rise", "text": "PANCHKULA: With the season (May to August) favourable for beetles, city hospitals are receiving about 10 cases every day of beetle attacks. Most of the cases involve students in the age group of 18 to 25 years living in PGs or college hostels.Beetles are dangerous insects that can cause a skin disorder \"paederus dermatitis\", which can leave permanent scars on the affected area if not treated properly.\"We are receiving many such cases daily. Most of these patients are hostellers and students staying as paying guests, because they live in close proximity. The beetles don't bite or sting, but when these come in contact with a person or if someone crushes them on his skin, then these cause a red rash. When crushed these release a poisonous toxin, pederin,\" said Dr Vikas Sharma, chief consultant dermatologist at National Skin Hospital, Sector 5, Mansa Devi Complex, Panchkula.\"Such cases are also being reported from Zirakpur, Banur, Derabassi and Ramgarh, where there are many colleges and hostels,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14460292", "title": "Gulberg accused demands detailed SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing the Gulbarg Society massacre case has kept July 3 for hearing an application filed by an accused, who has demanded a copy of final report submitted by the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) giving clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi and others in the 2002 riots.In February this year, the SIT filed its closure report on Zakia Jafri's complaint. Jafri and others including an accused in the Gulberg case, Ajay Panchal, requested the court to provide a copy of the report. The SIT supplied a copy to Jafri, but the court refused the copy to others.Panchal's lawyer Mitesh Amin sought the copy on the ground that he was an accused and he has got every right to know what material the investigation agency has gathered as evidence against him. However, metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt rejected his plea saying that he did not have any locus at this stage. The SIT also opposed his application stating that he was being tried in a separate case, whereas Jafri's complaint was covering many other cases.Panchal filed a revision application before the special court reiterating his demand. The SIT's counsel sought time from the court to file a reply to Panchal's plea, and further hearing has now been kept on July 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14445020", "title": "43 die in police custody daily: UN study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Torture Convention was adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 10 December 1984 (resolution 39/46) and it came into force on 26 June 1987 after being ratified by 20 nations. The Torture Convention completed 25 years of its presence earlier this week and it's an opportune moment for India to introspect on its dismal track record of custodial torture.According to a recent report on human rights in India, a study of 47 districts over a period of more than two years shows that on an average 1.8 million people are victims of police torture and violence in India every year. The release of the report, prepared by the Working Group on Human Rights in India and the UN (WGHR), a coalition of human rights bodies, coincided with India's Universal Periodic Review on human rights at the United Nations.The report cites data released by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), which reported an average of 43 deaths in police or prison custody every day in the decade 2001 to 2010. \"These figures represent only a fraction of the actual number of deaths in custody as they reflect only the cases registered before the NHRC,\" says the WGHR report.The report points to the widespread and routine use of torture in conflict areas, leading to both physical and mental disabilities as well as impotence. \"Common methods of torture in Kashmir and the North-East include assault, placement of an iron rod on the legs on which many people sit, placement of a burning stove between the legs and administration of electric shocks to the genitals,\" adds the report.A recent case that has caused a lot of international uproar involves the brutal custodial torture of Soni Sori, a 35-year-old adivasi teacher in a government-run school for tribal children in Dantewada, at the hands of the Chhatisgarh police. Sori was arrested on October 4, 2011 on unproven allegations of being a Maoist sympathizer and acting as a conduit to extort Rs 1.5 million for the banned CPI (Maoist) from the Essar group.The letters written by Sori from the prison tell a very disturbing story. \"She said that she was pulled out of her cell at the Dantewada Police Station on the intervening night of October 8 and 9, 2011 and then taken to SP Ankit Garg's room, where on his orders, three men stripped her, gave her electric shocks and inserted stones into her private parts, making her lose consciousness. ...A few months later, SP Ankit Garg, far from being questioned for his role in the Soni Sori case, was awarded a Police Medal for Gallantry by the government for his role in a counter-insurgency operation in 2010,\" says the WGHR report.After the Supreme Court ordered an independent medical examination of Sori at NRS Medical College, Kolkata, doctors found stones lodged in her vagina and rectum. TOI has a copy of the medical report of the Kolkata hospital that confirms her claims.The prison diaries of social activist Arun Ferierra, arrested on grounds of being a Naxalite and released several years later for lack of evidence, detail the torture he was subjected to. These aren't isolated instances of police brutality, but an indication of how India treats dissent.To make matters worse, India does not have a domestic law to address torture and has not ratified the UN Convention Against Torture (1984). A couple of years ago, the Prevention of Torture Bill was drafted and cleared by the Lok Sabha , but it had so many loopholes that human rights activists launched a campaign in protest. The bill was withdrawn and a new one was drafted. The revised bill is now stuck in some dark corner of a deep freezer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441375", "title": "Nashik boy boy chosen for national meet", "text": "NASHIK: Nachiket Buzruk (12), a student of Class VIII of Fravashi Academy has been selected to participate in the sub-junior national swimming event scheduled at Rajkot from June 30 to July 6. according to a press release issued by the Nashik Industries Welfare Centre (NIWEC).Nachiket will participate in the 50m free style, 50m butterfly and 4x50m free-style relay. TNNThe student practices at the swimming pool of the Nashik Industries Welfare Centre NIWEC's swimming pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14460357", "title": "Sindhi community mourns the tragic death of three saints", "text": "SURAT: The Sindhi community of the city mourned the tragic deaths of three saints in a road accident in Rajasthan on Wednesday morning.As a mark of respect to the saints, the Sindhi community observed a total bandh in the Sindhi-dominated area of Ramnagar in Rander on Wednesday. Saint Ashoklal alias Ashok Prakash, 56, saint Rajuram alias Raj Prakash, 40 of Surat and saint Kishorilal alias Kishore Prakash, 40 died in the road accident at Jaipur-Kisangarh Express Highway No-8 when the car in which they were travelling from Vadodara to Jaipur to attend a wedding ceremony, rammed into a truck.All the three saints died on the spot whereas the driver and another passenger has sustained serious injuries and are fighting for their life in the hospital at Jaipur. The truck driver and cleaner escaped from the spot of accident leaving the vehicle.Rajasthan police has seized the truck. Large number of devotees from Surat and Vadodara have reached Dudu near Jaipur in Rajasthan to pay last tributes to the saints. Surat Sindhi Panchayat President, Deepchand Goplani said \"Our community has suffered the loss which can be compensated. These saints have died young and they could have served the community for a long time. May god bless their souls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449129", "title": "Selling old battery costs dear to firm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Selling an old battery fraudulently to customer has been termed as 'deficiency in service' and a fine of Rs 10,000 has been imposed on the manufacturing company. Besides, the company has also been directed to refund the price of the battery.According to the complainant, Bhupinder Gupta of Sector 33, he had purchased one Exide battery for Rs 3,700 in April 2009 from Shiva Tyres, Nalagarh in Solan district of Himachal Pradesh.\"The battery had manufacturing defect as right from the first week of its purchase, it started giving voltage problem. I immediately informed Shiva Tyres and went there for repair thrice between April to June 2009 but they could not do so. Though there was a warranty of one-year, but they refused to replace it. Then I visited the Exide Industries Office in Manimajra here and filed a complaint,\" said Gupta.\"They kept the battery for repair and gave me a service battery to use for a week. They assured me that the faulty battery would be replaced with a new one. I visited their office several times, but the battery was not replaced,\" he added.Thereafter, Gupta served a legal notice, but again nothing concrete happened. The opposition party said there was a gap of three years between the date of manufacturing and sale of battery so it cannot be replaced. In its reply, Exide Industries' counsel said, \"Since this battery was sold after a gap of around three years by our dealer which had taken the life of a battery, as this is perishable item, hence lying idle would cause irreparable loss to the battery.\"However, the forum said it is clear that the battery, when sold, was an old one. Selling of an old battery amounted to gross deficiency in service as well as indulgence in an unfair trade practice.The forum directed the opposition parties to refund the invoice price of the battery of Rs 3,700 to the complainant along with compensation of Rs 5,000 on account of their deficient service. Besides they are also directed to pay litigation cost of Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443503", "title": "Former corporator arrested in attempt-to-murder case", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police on Tuesday night arrested former corporator of Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation Sunny Ovhal and three others for allegedly assaulting a man at Dapodi on Tuesday afternoon. The victim, Kundan Nandkumar Barhate (38) of Dapodi, sustained severe injuries.Around 3.30 pm on Tuesday, a group of 10 people attacked Barhate. \"He sustained severe injuries on his head, back and both the hands,\" deputy police commissioner Dnyaneshwar Chavan told TOI.\"The incident was the fall out of a rivalry between Ovhal and Barhate during the time of municipal elections,We have arrested Ovhal on charges attempt to murder (section 307 of the Indian Penal Code),\" Chavan said.The police also arrested Deepak Salvi (32), Arvind Ovhal (46) and Shailesh Ovhal (27). They were produced in the court and remanded to PCR till June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14444103", "title": "The reign of rain", "text": "PANAJI: Goa witnessed incessant showers during the last 24 hours, which uprooted several trees across the state and caused roadblocks.\"There was not much wind, but there was continuous rainfall which must have led to damage across the state,\" K V Singh, director of the meteorology department, said. In the last 24 hours itself, Goa has recorded 38.8 mm rainfall.\"Mapusa, Pernem and Canacona received heavy rainfall, with Pernem recording the highest. The rainfall recorded so far of 98 cm is above normal as compared to the same period during previous years. We are receiving healthy rainfall because of the monsoon action in our region,\" Singh said. Goa's rainfall tally is also above the national average.The rains caused some damage across the state with the fire and emergency services department saving property worth 1 lakh due to uprooting of a tree in Saligao.\"The tree fell on a house, causing damage of 10,000, but we rushed to the spot and cut it in time. Further damage to the house was averted,\" an official said.Two trees were uprooted and blocked roads affecting traffic in two areas in Verna and Canacona, respectively. In Ponda, Old Goa and Mapusa, one tree was uprooted in each of the areas which blocked traffic until it was cut up by the fire and emergency services department.The state capital, Panaji, and areas around it too were affected by the incessant rains with a tree blocking a road in Taleigao.However, there was no major damage reported since the rain ceased in most parts of the state in the early evening, and for some time, the Sun showed up and brightened up the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438661", "title": "State can't violate Supreme Court directive on RTE", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protecting private schools from implementing the Right to Education act is a state government order, according to which seats in neighbourhood government and aided schools should be filled before private schools are approached for admission under RTE. The order has been a key reason for private schools to steer clear of earmarking 25 per cent seats under the RTE Act. But Supreme Court advocate Ashok Agarwal, who has been spearheading the RTE implementation, says that the GO is in violation of the Act.In the city on Wednesday, Ashok Agarwal told TOI that he had been travelling to various districts across Andhra Pradesh to meet lawyers and create awareness about the act so that they can take up cases of violation. \"Section 12 of the RTE Act makes it very clear that it is a child's right to get admission in a private school and such a government order (issued by the state government) is in contradiction of this provision. The state while framing the rules cannot violate the act, they don't have power. This amounts to repealing section 12,\" Agarwal said.He said another problem in AP is in the rules framed by the government on RTE's implementation. \"They have applied reservations in this 25 %. This is reservation within reservation which is not permissible,\" he said.Agarwal, who has been actively involved with MV Foundation, has toured districts including Kurnool, Khammam and Nalgonda over the last few days speaking to lawyers. \"We are telling our lawyer friends about RTE provisions and asking them to adopt one school and then find out violation of the act. People can go to taluka and even district court... they needn't move the high court. We are getting a good response,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441395", "title": "Power Corporation Limited blacklists three more companies for supplying sub-standard transformers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on Wednesday blacklisted three more companies for supplying sub-standard transformers to the state. The corporation has also issued notices to eight other companies which were engaged in repair of the damaged transformers.UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi said the corporation is also taking action against companies if 10% of the transformers supplied by them became dysfunctional within a year. In all, 14 such companies have been identified.The corporation went into an overdrive on Tuesday when it blacklisted six such companies within hours of the review meeting presided over by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who expressed reservations over the quality of transformers that have aggravated power crisis in the state.The three companies blacklisted on Wednesday are Modern transformers, Laxmi transformers and East India Industries. Likewise, the eight transformer repairing companies which have been charged of lackadaisical approach are Newtech Electricals, Rampur based SJ transformers, AK transformers, Garaula based transit engineers, Mathura based Gesons transformers, Aligarh based Raj Rajeshwari, Noida based STS utility services and Jai Laxmi switchgears.The issue of poor quality transformers has attained serious dimensions in the wake of ensuing power crisis in the state. Apart from the alarming gap in demand and supply, poor quality of power infrastructure has also plunged the state into serious power crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460358", "title": "How progressive are NRIs in developed nations?", "text": "It's a common notion amongst us (Indians) that those people who migrate to developed countries are more progressive in their thoughts and modern in their outlook towards society, as compared to their counterparts residing in India. It wouldn't be entirely wrong to believe so owing to the variety of cultural, social and political exposures the Indian diaspora gets outside India. Alas! The reality is far from this. There's lot more brewing in the lives of NRIs than you can think of. Closed mentality and orthodox behaviour are equally rampant amongst them as much they are amongst the resident Indians.It has been almost three years since I first moved to Melbourne, and even though I am still a newbie in the world of NRI, I have come across such potpourri of non-resident Indians who baffle me with their Dark Age beliefs and incorrigible attitude. They exhibit everything from mother-in-law syndrome to male chauvinism to caste fanaticism and herd mentality towards work life. Such NRIs love their run-of-the-mill lives with no windows for acceptance or influx of any aspect of foreign lifestyle, except the dollars. Bad part about them is that they have redefined the term NRI as Negativistic Rigid Indians but good part about them is that they still haven't overshadowed the real NRIs.If you thought the obsession with caste is a territory explored only in India, then lo and behold! There are many NRI parents who still prefer caste over general likeable aspects of a boy or a girl for match-making and hence India appears most promising wedding destination for them to hand pick their daughter-in-law or son-in-law. Marriage is not the only aspect of life where you can witness the blinkered visions of some NRIs. Aspects like dressing, working and social mingling to name a few are also frequently bantered by them. \"When in Rome, be a Roman\" might be a popular proverb, however, it sounds good only when you are preaching someone else but following it is not everyone's cup of tea. If a woman wearing short dresses or enjoying a drink or two is looked down upon by these people, then a man working as a tradie is also not helmed for his choice of profession. Such NRIs go a step beyond their personal discomfort towards these things and believe that other people showcasing such behaviours or nurturing such outlook towards life are surely going downhill in their lives. In today's time while most of the parents might worry about their kids dating within the same gender, these NRIs worry about the very fact their kids might be dating someone. It is funny how these people perceive being broad-minded as being shameless.Whether it is their sheer lack of mental flexibility or poor understanding of the new culture and people, such NRIs live in their cocoons and refuse to metamorphose into more mature individuals, even after decades of exposures. On the one hand, while millions of Indians are waiting for such golden tickets to shape up their lives, on the other hand, a few out of those who actually get such opportunities choose to lead dogmatic life. The initial shock which my mind used to feel has now been transformed into sadness within my heart. While I might not be able to change such people and their shrunken thoughts, I can indeed be hopeful of the future and wish that we all learn to move along with changing times and bequeath all habits, thoughts and rituals which prevent us from being humans. I hope one day all Negativistic Rigid Indians would actually transform to become Non Resident Indians - a group India can be really proud of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14445089", "title": "Foodgrains shouldn't be kept in open spaces: HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court on Wednesday directed the Centre and state governments to ensure that no foodgrains are kept in open spaces. If sufficient warehouses aren't available, the governments should make temporary arrangements for it, the bench said.A vacation bench comprising Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra directed the UP government to form a committee to find ways for the protection of foodgrains. The HC said damaging public property is an offence under IPC. Therefore, any loss of foodgrains also amounts to an offence for which the concerned government authorities should be held responsible. In this backdrop, the bench directed Economic Offences Wing and vigilance departments of the state to conduct a surveillance of each districts. If any official is found guilty of negligence in protecting foodgrains, an FIR should be lodged against him/her, the bench said.The order came on a PIL filed by an NGO which cited a recent incident in Lakhimpur Kheri where large quantities of foodgrains were stored in open spaces. The bench admitted the PIL for final hearing and directed the Centre and state government to file their reply within six weeks. It also directed the NGO to furnish a response to the governments' reply within two weeks, posting the matter for hearing thereafter.The bench directed the EOW and vigilance departments to furnish the status report before it after every two months. It said if Food Corporations of India officials are found neglecting foodgrains, strict action should be taken against them.The bench took note of media reports regarding government officials showing a callous approach towards foodgrains purchased from farmers. It observed that 35% population of the state lived below the poverty line and many people are committing suicide due to shortage of foodgrains. The bench also took note of the death of three children, allegedly due to starvation, as reported in a newspaper report.Directing the committee to prepare a plan for purchase and storage of foodgrains within a month, the bench said the report must be furnished to the state government within the same period. The bench directed the state government to issue orders in view of the report. It also said the government should construct new storage spaces if it does not have sufficient warehouses to store foodgrains. In the meantime, the bench said, the state government should hire temporary storage places from private bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439451", "title": "GMCH resident doctors on strike from today", "text": "NAGPUR: Resident doctors of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have decided to go on an indefinite strike from Thursday. This step has been taken to bring to focus several of the long standing demands of Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD).The doctors say they have been pursuing the issues for long with the authorities but no action has been taken on any of the count, forcing them to take this step. Their demands include making essential, life-saving drugs available in the hospital, strengthening the security and improvement in their accommodation facilities. They have not even got their stipends since the last three months.\"It is common knowledge that the hospital has an insufficient stock of several essential medications, even the most commonly needed ones like syringes, saline and antibiotics. Though we are not the ones responsible for this insufficiency, we are the ones who have to face angry relatives who often resort to violence,\" said Dr Parag Kinage, MARD president at GMCH.\"The insufficient security in the hospital is also a concern for us as it makes our working environment unsafe. Bad sanitation makes it inconvenient for us and creates problems for patients. Our accommodation facilities are no better with the hostel building in a shambles. The facilities are not even sufficient for all of us,\" said Dr Mahesh Rewadkar, the general secretary of the organization.\"For the last three months, we have not received our stipend. This has been happening often and there seems to be no permanent solution to this problem that the authorities can come up with,\" said Dr Shashank Wanajri, co-general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14446971", "title": "Civic polls: Missing names deny people right to vote", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several people in the city were unable to exercise their franchise as their names were missing from the voter's list. Ironically, the names of dead persons were found in the voters list.The names of five persons of a family in Ghausnagar locality were missing from the voters' list. The family could not exercise its franchise at the polling centre of Lekhpal Training Centre in Kareli.Alim Ullah, Sitara Bano and Mohd. Shanu, resident of P-586 of Ghausnagar were unable to give votes. Similarly, Ehsan Ullah and Suraiya Begum, resident of 37/7 Ghausnagar were also unable to exercise their right of franchise.The name of a dead person, Shakeel, who lived in Kareli, was found in the voters list making a mockery of the entire process of voter's list preparation. Many people blamed the low turnout in the civic elections to anomalies in the voters list.Urmila Goel, a resident of Thornhill Road, was unable to cast the vote as her name was missing from the voter's list. All the five family members were unable to cast their vote. Most of the residents of Saraswati Apartment in Civil Lines were also unable to cast their votes.Saeed Ahmad Khan, resident of Ghausnagar ruefully said that the entire parenphalia of the election has no meaning when the denizens are denied the right to cast their franchise. He said that it is the duty of the administration that the name of each and every individual is included in the voter' list.Most of the residents of Ghausnagar including Mohd. Firoz, Sharafat Khan, Mohd. Nizamuddin and others were unable to cast their vote on the voting day. Imtiaz Ahmad, resident of Munna Colony complained that though the names of other seven family members were in the list but his own name is missing from the voters' list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439800", "title": "Telang is chief of backward classes panel", "text": "NAGPUR: Corporator Rahul Telang has been appointed as chairman of the backward classes committee, one of the eight consultative panels of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Mayor Anil Sole appointed Telang, a member of the BJP-led ruling Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA). Telang, elected from Bahujan Republican Manch, joined NVA to help form government at the NMC. Telang has been thus been rewarded with the appointment.On Wednesday, the newly elected chairman of Ashi Nagar zone Abhijit Shambarkar assumed the charge in the presence of Sole and BSP leaders.Vishal Khandekar, a young activist from North Nagpur, was appointed as city president of Nationalist Youth Congress on Wednesday. The appointment was made by Uday Samant, state president. Khandekar has thanked state minister Anil Deshmukh, Samant and other leaders of NCP. \"Top priority will be given to take the schemes of the government to the needy. Besides, efforts will be made for the development of the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443165", "title": "Mark sheet delay upsets law students", "text": "PUNE: Students of law colleges affiliated to the University of Pune (UoP) are upset over the delay in issuing mark sheets though results were declared online on June 14.\"The delay is affecting our future prospects as we can neither initiate the process to seek'sanad' (licence to practice law) nor can we apply for all-India bar council exam,\" said Neha Mukadam, who completed the five-year bachelor of socio legal science (BSL, LLB) course from the Deccan Education Society's law college.\"I have been visiting my college and the university every alternate day, but we have not got to know the date on which our mark sheets will be distributed. As against this, our counterparts from Mumbai university have received their mark sheets. By now, they must have started the process of enrolment with the high court and the bar council exam. Our seniority as enrolled lawyer is at stake if we get our licence later than our Mumbai counterparts. This because of because of delay in distribution of mark sheets,\" Mukadam said.Salim Kothia, who completed his three-year LLB course from the New Law Academy in Camp, said, \"I intend to do my LLM externally and apply for enrolment with the high court, but I am not able to do so. All my enrolment papers are ready, but I do not have an original mark sheet.\"Satyam Nimbalkar, a final-year BSL LLB student from DES law college, also had a similar tale to narrate. \"My father is a lawyer and I plan to join him soon. The university authorities give evasive replies.\"It's not just the enrolment process with the high court which has been affected, but the impact has been felt on admissions to post-graduate law (LLM) course and re-admission to the second to fifth year of the BSL, LLB. \"Students planning to apply for admission to institutions other than UoP cannot initiate the process,\" said a senior academic council member of the university.\"The delay threatens to curtail the teaching duration for the next semesters of students between second and fifth year of their BSL, LLB course and between second and third year of the post-graduate LLB course,\" the council member said. \"Students can not apply for revaluation of papers unless they receive their mark sheet originals,\" he pointed out. \"The Maharashtra University Act, 1994, provides for declaration of results within 45 days of the conduct of examination. Declaring result entails issuance of mark sheets,\" he added.Sampada Joshi, UoP's controller of examination (CoE) was busy in a meeting when the TOI contacted her on her cellphone. Repeated attempts to contact her later proved futile as her cellphone was on a busy mode. However, an official from the CoE department confirmed that the delay was primarily on account of the change of guard at CoE office.\"The new CoE (Joshi) took charge at a time when the marksheets had gone to print. Re-printing the mark sheets became imperative as the signature of the new CoE was needed has to be put on the same and the results are also needed to be scanned accordingly,\" the official said. \"We expect the mark sheets to be distributed in a week's time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14440060", "title": "Eco Pro launches awareness campaign for Dhotre stir", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: 'Waghya' himself is out to save his own existence in the forests of Chandrapur. The life-size tiger mascot, dubbed Waghya, accompanies activists of wildlife NGO Eco Pro who have launched a massive awareness campaign about a proposed agitation by their founder president Bandu Dhotre for safety and conservation of tigers in the district. Dhotre will begin his indefinite huger strike in Nagpur from July 2, to press his 16-point charter of demands.\"Waghya is our mascot for the agitation for safety of tigers in Chandrapur. Our activists, along with 'Waghya', are staging a token protest and are submitting a memorandum of demands to key forest and administrative officers. Apart from this, a massive awareness campaign has been launched across the district to inform people about the importance of tigers and motive of our agitation,\" Dhotre said.Activists staged token protests in front of the offices of Chandrapur district collector, and chief conservator of forests of TATR and Chandrapur forest circle and later submitted memorandum to respective in-charge officers. While the memorandum has been forwarded to the prime minister and chief minister through the collector, a similar memorandum has been sent to union minister for environment and forest and NTCA member secretary through TATR. Memorandum to forest minister and forest secretary has been forwarded through CCF, Chandrapur circle.Activists are visiting every nook and corner of the town with 'Waghya' to spread the massage of safety of tigers. Their drive to install a banner regarding Dhotre's agitation at every forest round office across district has also begun. Activists are also distributing handbills among villagers in rural areas about the demands being raised through Dhotre's agitation.\"Massive support is pouring in from wildlife organizations and common people for our agitation in Nagpur. Wildlife activists in Chandrapur would take up chain hungers strike from July 3, a day after launch of my hunger strike at PCCF office in Nagpur. Other wildlife organizations and activists in Ahmednagar, Nashik, Jalgaon and Gondia too have decided to hold a token agitation at their places in support of my hungers strike in Nagpur,\" Dhotre said. Waghya would accompany Dhotre during his fast unto death in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448636", "title": "HUDA razes illegal houses in Sector 53", "text": "GURGAON: In a day-long drive against encroachment in Sector 53 , the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) razed several illegal houses on Wednesday.Senior HUDA officials said that the drive went off peacefully and there was no resistance from the slum dwellers. For HUDA, clearing the encroachment was very crucial since the land had been allotted to people in a recently held draw. It may be recalled that the HUDA had stopped proceedings of 38 allotments recently after coming to know that the plots earmarked have encroachments.\"After clearing the encroachments the HUDA now plant to fence the entire land so that the plots can be marked and the proceedings for allotment will begin,\" said another HUDA official. The total land freed from encroachment is over several acres is worth several crores of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14442379", "title": "Tech colleges drop AIEEE application", "text": "NOIDA: Following Mahamaya Technical University's (MTU) probe into the admission procedure of 24 colleges that had applied directly to the AIEEE for spot counselling, 11 of them have withdrawn their application. However, MTU officials said the matter has been referred to the Central Admission Board (CAB) and any decision regarding punitive action will be taken by them.Officials said the 24 colleges had submitted their documents, but they should have ideally consulted MTU first. \"We would have told them that applying for spot admission while bypassing the MTU was a direct violation of the Supreme Court's guidelines for a single-window admission into technical universities, the UP government's guidelines on admissions for technical courses, and the rules set down by MTU,\" said SK Kak, vice chancellor, MTU. The university had previously asked the errant colleges to send the documents that had been sent by them to AIEEE on whose basis they had applied for direct spot counselling.\"The colleges have told us that they will not be taking in students through spot applications,\" said an official. MTU's examination controller, JP Pandey, expressed fear that if any of these colleges admit a student through spot counselling, he/she will be in a fix since the university would not be able to enroll him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14461996", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation to implement innovative system in sewerage system soon", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) is waiting for implementation of its ambitious Supervisory Audit and Data Accumulation( SAADA) system in its sewerage treatment plants. Prepared and installed at the cost of Rs 33 crore, SMC will be the first civic body in the country to put to use the SAADA technique in its sewerage plants.\"We are waiting for the independent review and monitoring agency ( IRMA) report which is likely in another 15 days time. Once that comes we will formally implement the system in our plants,\" said Bharat Dalal, additional city Engineer , SMC.The SAADA project is installed under central government's JnNURM scheme and it is installed at five treatment plants on experimental basis. Under this technique SMC will be able to monitor and know the amount, temperature , quality, and number of places from where the sewerage water is coming to the network .The whole system is computerized and this system will help civic body in differentiating the quality of water in sewerage system and it will also be able to get the exact amount of water that it receives in it's sewerage system on daily basis. SMC has SAADA installed at its water treatment plants since 1996-97 . This will be for the first time that it is fitted in sewerage systems and will be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14440393", "title": "Tusks from slain jumbo found hidden in forest", "text": "Jalpaiguri: The forest department officials on Wednesday recovered the tusks of the elephant, that was found dead in Khuttimari forest a week back. This is the first suspected elephant poaching case in the state in decades.The tusks were recovered from a water body near Khuklung forest village, about 1.5 kilometres from the spot where the tusker was found dead. The tusks were kept in a container and drowned in a waterbody, so that the department officials could not find it. While one tusk weighs 23 kilos, the other is 20 kilos heavy.The forest department got hold of some valuable information after interrogating one Ratan Oraon, arrested from Uttar Khuttimari forest village a couple of days back. Oraon revealed the names of the persons involved in taking out the tusks from the dead pachyderm. \"He told us how the miscreants hid it in a pond. They are all absconding,\" said a forester.\"We have information that the persons have succeeded in contacting a smuggling racket and were trying to sell it. But we are fortunate enough that the tusks could be recovered. We are on the lookout for the others,\" said Bidyut Sarkar, DFO, Jalpaiguri.On June 20, the miscreants had taken out the tusks from the body of the tusker after it succumbed to its ailments. It was an ailing tusker and was stranded in Khuttimari forest since last four months. The forest falls under the south Moraghat compartment in Gosaihaat beat.Soon after the incident, the forest department had engaged the forest protection committees (FPC) to search for the tusks in the nearby villages.It may be noted that the last such incident was reported in the state almost over 10 years back, when the tusks of an elephant, died during floods in North Bengal, were found missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450589", "title": "Serial romancer held in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police on Wednesday arrested from Vedampatti a 41-year-old divorced man who is charged with conning widows and divorced women registered on matrimonial sites.The Madurai based man was picked up near the District Court complex in the city after one of his victims had lodged a complaint with the police accusing him of duping her and taking Rs 1.3 lakh on the pretext of medical expenses.The cyber crime unit was monitoring his movement for the past few days. A woman police personnel was deployed as a decoy victim to lure him near the district court complex from where he was picked up and taken into custody.According to police, Saravanaraman (41) hailing from Madurai has been employed with a private firm in Vedampatti for the past few months. He was divorced and was living alone near Vedampatti and used to browse the net especially matrimonial sites carrying profiles of widows and divorced women. He had created a fake email id to communicate with these women.\"He used to contact them through email initially and then took the relationship forward by exchanging phone numbers and maintaining phone contact,\" said an officer from the cyber crime division involved in the operation.After spending a few days with his victims Saravanaraman used to demand money from them citing various reasons including medical expenses or repayment of loans. He had allegedly taken 1.3 lakh from a city based woman employed with a private firm in this method and had later severed all contact with her.The woman finally decided to lodge a complaint with the police. Police recovered three mobile phones with separate sim cards from the accused. Police claimed that Saravanaraman was arrested after it was confirmed that he was actually trying to entrap more women using the same tactics after monitoring his mobile phone records. However, only one of his victims has come forward and lodged a complaint against him with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450626", "title": "Govt plans to introduce billing machines at Tasmac outlets in Coimbatore on pilot basis", "text": "COIMBATORE: Arguing with the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac) employees at the checkout counter for over charging will be a thing of the past as the government has plans to introduce billing machines in all the outlets soon in Coimbatore region on a pilot basis.The plan to introduce the billing machines has come at a time when people have been persistently demanding a system that would curtail the practice of charging in excess of the maximum retail price. \"We have been receiving several complaints regarding this issue,\" said T Rathanavelu, senior manager, Coimbatore region, Tasmac. Even though several inspections are being done at the outlets, shops continue to overcharge. \"Thus, we are planning to introduce a billing system that would curb this problem,\" he added.About 300 machines will be introduced very soon, he said. Once the machine is in place, the customer can expect a bill with his purchase. \"Many outlets were found charging 5 or 10 more than MRP. Some explained this by saying they were charging for refrigeration,\" said S Soundarapandian, Coimbatore district manager, Tasmac.In the last four months, at least 10 people have been suspended due to such irregularities. The corporation has collected more than 3 lakh as fine from them. \"At least 30 complaints have been registered with us regarding the issue,\" said the district manager.Fines were collected based on the additional money being charged by the employees. For examples, if you are found charging 1 more than the maximum retail price, the fine amount is 1000. Those who continue to indulge in such dubious practices even after being fined will be suspended, he added.In Coimbatore there are 303 Tasmac liquor shops in the district, including 114 within Corporation limits, 51 in municipalities, 76 in town panchayats and 62 in village Panchayats. The outlets are supplied cases of IMF liquors and beers. There will be 12 bottles of beer in each case. While in a case of liquor, there are 48 bottles of 180ml each. Liquor can also come in a case of 24 bottles weighing 375ml each and 12 bottles weighing 750ml each.On an average 9,000 cases of liquors and 3000 cases of beers are sold through the Tasmac shops in the district every day, according to official sources. As of now, there is no Tasmac shop that does not overcharge its customers, according to K Manikandan, a resident of Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14442250", "title": "Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna pushes up institutional deliveries", "text": "JAIPUR: With the launch of Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (JSSY), the state government has succeeded in increasing the number of institutional deliveries.The state government figure shows, since the launch of JSSY in September 2011 , the state government has registered over 5.30 lakh institutional deliveries upto May 25, 2012.Rajasthan is one of the states with not so good health indicators, including maternal mortality ratio (MMR) and infant mortality rate (IMR). The MMR and IMR in the state are above the national average, which is a cause of concern for the state government.A state government official said, JSSY had been launched with the aim to reduce MMR and IMR in the state and it has started showing results, as institutional deliveries has increased. The cases of complication in deliveries have also been reduced.Nearly 6.63 percent increase has been registered in institutional deliveries in April, 2012 as compared to the April, 2011 figures. Under the scheme 7.90 lakh pregnant women and 72,329 infants (under-30 days) have been benefited with free medical facilities so far. Around 53,761 sick infants (under-30 days) were provided with free medicines and 12,365 infants availed free investigation facilities.The official said under the scheme pregnant women are being provided with eight types of medical facilities free of cost in government hospitals and institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437668", "title": "Schoolgirl 'gagged' for four hours at school", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an alleged incident of corporal punishment, a Class 9 student's mouth was reportedly plastered by the school authorities between 10.30 am and 2.30 pm on Wednesday. The punishment was meted out to her as she was 'caught' talking to her classmate by the school principal, her father alleged.The victim, Syeda Sadaf Fatima, aged around 14 years, is a student of Sam British High School, Noorkhan Bazaar. Sources said that after the principal Afroze Mazher caught her talking, she instructed the class teacher Sajida Begum to plaster Sadaf's mouth. Soon after the school got over, Sadaf reportedly went home crying and complained to her parents about the inhuman treatment meted out to her by the school authorities.Her father Syed Mujtaba lodged complaint with the Dabeerpura police station. Sadaf could not even eat her lunch, her family members alleged. Subsequently, Afroze Mazher was taken into custody and a case under Section 341 and 323 (wrongful restraint and assault or criminal force on the girl student). Y Rajasekhar, inspector, Dabeerpura said that the investigation is on and based on the inquiry, action would be initiated. But the school authorities blatantly denied that they had given any such a punishment. \"It is totally wrong. We are being blackmailed by the girl's father. They have threatened to shut down our school,\" Afroze Mazher, principal, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14438835", "title": "Honour killing in Akola?", "text": "AKOLA: Questions are being raised whether the murder of Tejaswani Namdeo Nandapure (18) was an honour killing of sorts. The question arose following the arrest of her brother Nikhi Nandapure (21) and her uncle Sanjay Pandurang Nandapure in the case.Tejaswani was a resident of village Salpi under Pinjar police station of Akola district. She was reported missing on June 17. After a hectic search, her decomposed dead body was found on June 20. Offences of murder and destroying evidence had been registered against unknown persons.However, during investigations, the police came across inconsistencies in the statements given by Tejaswani's brother and uncle. Both of them were later arrested. Motive behind the murder is not yet ascertained but the suspicion is that she was killed because of some love affair.Akola: Mangesh Futluji Gonarayan, an ex-serviceman working as a security guard in a local vernacular daily in MIDC area, was killed last evening when a speeding truck knocked him down. He was going on a motorcycle near BK Square in MIDC area. He was immediately taken to hospital where he was declared brought dead.In another accident on Tuesday afternoon a speeding truck dashed the motorcycle rider Ismail Usman Shah (35). He was died on way to hospital. The incident took place near village Washimba on NH6 near here. He was the resident of village Borgaon Manjru 15 kms from here. In both the cases, accidental deaths were registered and the offences were registered against the truck drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14443744", "title": "IPS couple get Cambridge's Charles Darwin trophy", "text": "GAYA: Raveendran Sankaran and Malar Vizi, the Bihar cadre IPS couple, have been awarded Charles Darwin Trophy by the Cambridge University for their Strategic Leadership Presentation project. The IPS couple received the award in London.Sankaran and Vizi, along with 106 other IPS officers from all over the country including eight from Bihar, are currently in London in connection with their mid-career training programme. The other Bihar cadre IPS officers attending the training programme includes Sushil Khopde, Anupama Nilekar and Pankaj Darad. While Sankaran got the award for his presentation 'How to improve the efficiency of circle inspectors', Vizi got the award for her presentation 'Tourism policing in Bihar-strategy for the road ahead'. The presentations were jointly assessed by senior faculty members of the Cambridge University and UK police top brass.Both Sankaran and Vizi have strong links with the Magadh area. The couple had not only their probation in Gaya, they also tied the nuptial knot here. Both of them have hold the post of superintendent of police, Gaya, and the commandant of the Gaya unit of BMP. Sankaran also worked as Aurangabad SP.Tourism policing has been on Bihar government's agenda for quite a few years and the idea was first mooted by former DGP Neelmani during his stint as DIG, Magadh range. Following the infamous gangrape of a Japanese tourist a couple of years back, the tourism police demand was revived. However, the concept is yet to see the light of the day.Tourism sector watchers believe that tourism police is a must if the tourism industry in the state is to get the desired fillip. Police officials are of the view that Vizi's award winning presentation on 'Tourism policing' will go a long way in giving practical shape to the idea of a dedicated police force exclusively trained in tourism management along with the courtesy and service delivery aspects of ideal policing. Sankaran was recently in the news for acting in a Bhojpuri film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14449011", "title": "Water should be treated as economic commodity", "text": "VARANASI: \"It is unfortunate that the water is being sold in the country,\" lamented Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda peeths Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati.\"Such a situation would have not arisen if the Ganga remains clean and full of water,\" said the seer, who also smells conspiracy to destroy the holy river by obstructing its natural flow with dams and barrages.Shankaracharya's worry about the sale of water could also be seen as a danger of privatization of water resources in the country. The National Water Policy (2012) suggests that water should be treated as an economic commodity so as to promote its conservation and efficient use. \"Over and above the pre-emptive uses for sustaining life and ecosystem, water needs to be treated as economic goods and therefore, may be priced to promote efficient use and maximizing its value,\" suggests the draft of National Water Policy. According to the draft, India has more than 17 per cent of the world's population, but has only 4% of world's renewable water resources with 2.6% of world's land area.For the use of water, the draft says that the Centre, the states and the local bodies must ensure access to a potable water for essential health and hygiene to all the citizens within easy reach of the household. According to the draft, ecological needs of the river should be determined, recognizing that the natural river flows are characterized by low or no flows, small floods, large floods and accommodate developmental needs. A portion of river flows should be kept aside to meet ecological needs, ensuring that the low and high flow releases are proportional to the natural flow regime, including base flow contribution in the low flow season through regulated groundwater use. After meeting the minimum quantity of water required for survival of human beings and ecosystem, water must be used as economic commodity with higher priority towards basic livelihood support to the poor and ensuring national food security.The draft also advocates for water pricing. According to it, there should be a mechanism in every state to establish a water tariff system and fix the criteria for water charges, preferably on volumetric basis, at sub-basin, river basin and state level after ascertaining the views of the public, based on the principle that the water charges shall reflect full recovery of the cost of administration, operation and maintenance of resources, taking into account subsidy, if any. Water Users Associations should be given statutory powers to collect and retain a portion of water charges, manage the volumetric quantum allotted to them and maintain the distribution system in jurisdiction.A Water Regulatory Authority should be established in each state. The Authority will fix and regulate the water tariff system and charges in an autonomous manner. The policy draft further suggests that the 'service provider' role of the state has to be gradually shifted to that of a regulator of services and facilitator for strengthening the institutions responsible for planning, implementation and management of water resources. The water related services should be transferred to community and/or private sector with appropriate 'public private partnership' model.\"The draft of the National Water Policy (2012) needs modifications to avoid the danger of monopoly of few on water resources,\" noted environmentalist at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) B D Tripathi said. \"The draft lacks provision of strict monitoring of management of water resources. There should be checks and balances for effective and proper management of resources,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14435582", "title": "Google announces new tablet, takes on iPad, Amazon's Fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Wednesday announced its own tablet at Google I/O, the company's annual event for developers in San Fransisco. TOI had reported on June 26 that Google would enter the tablet market on June 27. Apart from competing with Apple's iPad, which has the highest market share in the tablet market, with its tablet, Google is also aiming to take down Amazon's Kindle Fire, a 7-inch tablet that runs on Android but doesn't use several Google services like other Android devices do.The tablet, named Nexus 7, has a 7-inch screen with a resolution of 1280x800 pixels. It is powered by quad-core Tegra 3 processor with 12 core GPU and has 1GB RAM.The tablet runs on Jelly Bean, the latest version of Android operating software, which was also announced at the I/O event. Nexus 7 is made by Asus. It has a 4,325mAh battery. The tablet has a 1.2MP front camera and weighs 340 grams. The device supports wi-fi but not 3G, something that may limit its appeal to users who like to carry their tablet everywhere.Nexus 7 will cost $199 in the US. This looks like the price for 8GB model with 16GB likely to cost a bit more. The tablet can be preordered today by people in the US, Canada , Australia and UK. The device will ship out to customers in mid-July. At the moment, there is no information on the availability of the tablet in India.While Android tablets are selling in the market for the last one year, they have failed to find buyers and dent the iPad market. Also, Amazon launched Kindle Fire last year and sold more tablets in a few months than what Google's hardware partners had managed in a year. The irony is that Fire is powered by Android, Google's operating software, but Amazon has heavily modified it. This means Fire doesn't come with the Google services pre-installed. This affects Google's ability to make money from Fire even though it uses Android.\"Google believes it has given its partners ample time to innovate and compete but they have been unsuccessful versus the iPad,\" said Patrick Moorhead, president at Moor Insights &amp; Strategy, firm that advices several computer hardware companies.With its new tablet, Google hopes to provide a clear direction to its hardware partners the way it does in the case of smartphones with Nexus devices. It also hopes that by entering the fray, it can motivate developers to write more tablet-specific apps for Android.According to Google, Nexus 7 comes preloaded with some multimedia content, including Transformers: Dark of the Moon movie. It also has magazines like Conde Nast Traveler and Popular Science , and songs from bands like Coldplay and the Rolling Stones preloaded on it.At the I/O event, the company also announced Nexus Q. \"Nexus Q combines the power of Android and Google Play to easily stream music and video in your home -- all controlled by an Android phone or tablet,\" Andy Rubin , senior vice president of mobile and digital content, wrote at Google's official blog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443847", "title": "Ex-servicemen to fill 30%posts of assistant jailers", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government is likely to fill up 30% of the total vacancies of assistant jailers from ex-servicemen. About 600 ex-servicemen from different parts of the country have applied for this purpose.In an initiative to make fresh appointments of assistant jailers in the jails, the home (prisons) department had issued an advertisement inviting applications from physically fit ex-servicemen. IG (prisons), Anand Kishor, said the department has received more than 600 applications. \"Scanning of applications is on and once it is complete, the recruitment process would start,\" he said.The IG (prisons) told TOI, \"To strengthen jail security, we have decided to recruit ex-servicemen in Bihar jails. We have vacancies for 938 assistant jailers. While 30% vacancies will be filled up with ex-servicemen, the rest will be filled up with other applicants and through promotions. \"He said those who had served in regular army, navy and air force, whether as combatant or non-combatant in any rank, would be recruited. \"Around 284 ex-servicemen would be recruited. This will definitely improve internal security in the state jails,\" said Kishor.BCP Singh, deputy director, prisons (industries), said, \"The proposal doesn't cover those ex-servicemen who belonged to Defence Security Core, general reserve engineering force, auxiliary force or paramilitary forces.\"The ideal candidates for these posts could be those who have retired after receiving pension, and have been discharged from such services. Good health would be the main criteria for recruitment. The age limit for aspiring ex-servicemen is 50 years, with capability of hearing sharp whisper. Applications of AIDS-affected candidates would be rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448592", "title": "NHAI fancies a road through buildings", "text": "GURGAON: The accident-prone Hero Honda Chowk would soon get a unique building like the Gate Tower in Osaka, Japan. Roads would pass through second and third floors of this building which would unclog the congestion at peak hours.In case of the 16-storey Gate Tower, the 5th, 6th and 7th floors are occupied by an express highway \u2014 passing right through the building. While the floors in Osaka have been taken on rent by the Hanshin Expressway, in Gurgaon the building would be built by National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI).As per the proposal made by the road transport and highways ministry, the government would allow a developer to build the tower and rent it out. \"The developer will invest in the road project too and would recover the entire investment from rental,\" said a ministry official.Director general (roads) C Kandasamy made this presentation at a meeting on Monday, chaired by highways minister CP Joshi, his deputy Jitin Prasada and Haryana PWD minister Randeep Surjewala. At present, there are two buildings in Jaipur \u2014 Sahkar Bhavan and World Trade Park \u2014 where roads pass beneath %the buildings.\"Enough clearing space would be left for straight moving vehicles on the expressway. Those heading towards Jaipur from Sector-10 side or those from Hero Honda towards Delhi can take the elevated roads which will be through different floors of the buildings,\" said a senior official.The project can go to a private player who would quote minimum years of lease for these commercial spaces. Sources said the project can easily take off considering the high demand and price of commercial space at a prime location like this in the NCR. Though initially the ministry was pushing Haryana to execute the project, now it %has agreed to take undertake the work. \"Haryana has promised to give 23-25 clearances for this project. The chief minister has also agreed to exempt about Rs 50 lakh which it could have raised for urban development fee,\" said an official who attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433570", "title": "Weather or not", "text": "He who is the same to foe and friend, and also in honour and dishonour, who is the same in cold and heat, and in pleasure and pain, who is wholly free from attachment...that person is dear to Me.Bhagwad Gita 12.17*While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.Genesis 22*Summer set lip to earth's bosom bare, and left the flu-shed print in a poppy there.Francis Thompson*Summer is the time when one sheds one's tensions with one's clothes, and the right kind of day is jewelled balm for the battered spirit.Ada L Huxtable*People don't notice whe-ther it's winter or summer when they're happy.Anton Chekhov*A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawnmower is broken.James Dent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14462769", "title": "SAI plans to cut down camps set up under OPEX London 2012 scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the last date for Olympics qualification over in most of the disciplines and entering the last 10 days in the remaining few, the Sports Authority of India (SAI) is planning to wind up the camps set up for the core probables under OPEX London 2012 scheme.According to sources, the SAI is planning to continue with the training of only those who have qualified for the London Games and may ask those who have not made the grade and their coaches to pack their bags. \"The plan is to conclude the camps for probables by the end of June and allow only those who booked their Olympics ticket to continue with their training,\" sources said.Though the SAI officials' aim is to focus fully on the Olympic probables, it once again shows the lack of long term planning. \"Unscheduled break in training affects the rhythm of athletes and it takes lot of time to get them back in shape. They should have continued the camp looking forward for the next Commonwealth or Asian Games. Without continuous training our athletes will always struggle,\" they said.What happened to LTDP?According to experts, the move is the latest sign that SAI is not committed to its own idea of Long Term Development Programme (LTDP). \"The camp for development squad, from which few qualified for the Olympics, was stopped last December. And there is no idea when it will restart,\" experts said. It is said the SAI has ran out of funds and the camp for development squad will begin only in April, in the new financial year.The OPEX scheme was launched to help the core group of athletes in 26 disciplines who were likely to qualify for the Olympics. Under the 3-4 times the number of athletes who are likely to qualify were short listed for intensive training. The programme which also gave the probables foreign exposure and competitions lasted for around 250 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445763", "title": "Bangalore police chief livid at poor response to arrest-dacoits call", "text": "BANGALORE: When dacoits looted Rs 1.91 crore from an ATM van in RT Nagar in a daring daylight robbery on May 14, it was Bangalore top cop B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji who took charge of the interception operation and shouted into the police wireless to stop their getaway white Chevrolet Tavera. Guess what, only 30 of the 103 inspectors in Bangalore responded on their walkie-talkie, setting up pickets to stop the vehicle.The inspectors and other officers had an excuse \u2014 they were on security duty at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium for an IPL match later that evening. Angry at the tepid response he received, Mirji pulled up the officers and said they must have acted with alacrity for his emergency call. As a result of delayed action, the dacoits got away with the booty. When some were eventually nabbed, only Rs 35 lakh was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14443897", "title": "18 hurt as bus falls off 20-ft-high culvert", "text": "PONDA: Eighteen people were injured in a mishap after the passenger bus they were travelling in fell from a 20-feet-high culvert at Curti-Ponda on Wednesday afternoon. A passenger, Gauresh Gaonkar, a resident of Sancorda, was admitted to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim and is critical.Leachate from garbage dumped in an open plot had turned a 50m stretch of the road at the Khandepar-Ponda-Borim junction near Sahakari petrol pump at Curti slippery. Eyewitnesses said that the passenger bus, heading to Ponda from Tambdi Surla, was moving at \"normal speed\" when it suddenly skid off the slippery road and the driver, Sahadev Gaonkar, 45, a resident of Sancorda-Dharbandora, lost control of the bus and it fell off the culvert.Eyewitnesses immediately informed the Ponda police, fire station and EMRI ambulance service. People gathered at the spot and helped rescue the passengers from the ill-fated bus. Sahadev, who was trapped inside the smashed bus cabin, had to be recused by fire personnel and the police.Besides Sahadev and Gauresh, the police revealed the names of the other injured persons as conductor Pralhad Gaonkar, 25, a resident of Sancorda; Rupali Fadte, 50, a resident of Karanzal-Marcaim; Vinanti Vinod Naik, 28; Vinod Naik, 32; Divya Vinod Naik, 8-all three residents of Shiroda; Gomati Naik, 40, from Tiska-Usgao; Mahananda Shetkar, 50, Sujata Mardolkar, 19, Gauresh Katkar, 25, Eknath Gaonkar, 52, Naresh Pednekar, 35-all residents of Sancorda; Suhasini Naik, 50 and Mazid Shaikh, 38, from Ponda; Rajashri Surlekar, 45, a resident of Surla-Bicholim; Cecil Mathew, 16, a resident of Tiska-Usgao and Uma Gaonkar, 45, from Dharbandora. All of them were referred to the GMC after being administered primary aid at the community health center (CHC) at Ponda.Two other passengers Vimal Khushali Gaude, 45, a resident of Dharbandora and Gauresh Kaskar, 21, a resident of Sancorda were discharged soon after primary treatment at the Ponda CHC.The CHC also pressed municipal vehicles into service to shift injured passengers to the GMC. A huge crowd had gathered at the site of the accident, but the Ponda police staff, including traffic police inspector Prabodh Shirwoikar and PSI Shailesh Narvekar immediately brought the crowd and traffic under control. The police registered a case of motor vehicle accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14448884", "title": "Diet supplements can repair spinal injury?", "text": "WASHINGTON: A diet enriched with curcumin, a component of the popular Indian spice turmeric, and omega-3 fatty acid DHA can repair tissue damage and restore walking abilities in rats with spinal-cord injury, a new study claims.The findings, published in the Journal of Neurosurgery : Spine, suggest that these dietary supplements help repair nerve cells and maintain neurological function after degenerative damage to the neck.\"Normal aging often narrows the spinal canal, putting pressure on the spinal cord and injuring tissue,\" said lead study author Dr Langston Holly, an associate professor of neurosurgery at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles . \"While surgery can relieve the pressure and prevent further injury, it can't repair damage to the cells and nerve fibers.\"We wanted to explore whether dietary supplementation could help the spinal cord heal itself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447657", "title": "Man shot at in Madangir", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old man was allegedly shot at by a teenager in Madangir area of south Delhi on Wednesday.Police has identified the victim as Vijay Khadi, who has several criminal cases lodged against him.\"Khadi was having a tiff with an 18-year-old youth. He had once beaten the accused's brother after an argument. The youth on Wednesday attacked him in a narrow street of Madangir area. Around seven to eight rounds were fired. He then fled from the spot,\" additional commissioner of police, south east, Ajay Chaudhary said.\"Khadi suffered six bullet injuries and collapsed on the ground. PCR were informed and he was sent to Batra Hospital for the treatment. He is undergoing treatment. We have identified the attacker an will arrest him soon,\" Chaudhary said.The official refused to disclose the name of the attacker. A case in this connection was lodged with Ambedkar Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14443986", "title": "Stars to warn against smoking at start of film", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, your favourite actor will be warning you about the health hazards of smoking. The government plans to mandate that at least one of the film's protagonists read out the statutory health warning twice during the film's duration as part of the new notification against smoking scenes in films.The warning will be read out before the film begins and immediately after the interval. The statutory warning could also be changed to make it more impactful, sources said. The notification is being finalized by senior officials from the information and broadcasting (I&B;) and health ministries.The new rules are likely to end the unsavoury battle between the two ministries over smoking ban in films. The health ministry had in November 2011 issued a notification making it mandatory for tobacco products to be blurred and a health warning to be run during the duration of the scene in a film in a move to discourage use of cigarettes and tobacco products.The notification was put on hold with the I&B; ministry pointing to practical obstacles in its implementation. Since then, however, the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) has introduced several changes in its certification of films that show smoking scenes.All films that have smoking scenes get a U/A certificate that recommends parental guidance. Films have also been voluntarily blurring cigarettes and other tobacco products and running a health warning scroll. Recently, films like 'Gangs of Wasseypur' introduced an audio health warning before the film began.The notification is likely to formalize these \"voluntary\" initiatives and make it mandatory for film makers to adhere to the new changes. Among the other changes include a fixed rather than moving health warning scroll during the duration of the scene. The notification is also likely to make provision for a health ministry official to participate in a film's screening as a special invitee.However, a source said the proceedings will not be held up if the health official is unable to attend the screenings meant for certification of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14439797", "title": "108 ambulances not to run at night in certain areas", "text": "JAIPUR: The 108 ambulance services will not be operational at night in certain parts of Bharatpur, Dholpur, Jaisalmer and Bundi districts owing to fear of staff manhandling.The emergency service provider Ziqitza Health Care Limited (ZHCL) said the staff are putting their life at risk by driving in such areas. Therefore, the company has taken the decision to stop the services at night to such notorious places.In Dholpur, the ambulance will not enter the Dang area which is known as a dacoit stronghold.Company's marketing manager Rishi Sharma said, \"There are around two dozen cases of mishandling of staff reported in the past one year in these districts especially in the Dang area. We had to ensure that police accompany these ambulances while going into such areas. Without that, we don't permit our staff to go there.\"In Bundi's Ramgarh area, a hub for prostitutes, the ambulance's services have been stopped. The company officials alleged that the ambulance is used as a taxi by people. \"They call the ambulance but the staff never find any patients. Instead, people insist on using it as taxi. If the staff protest, they are manhandled.\"The ZHCL claimed that in Jaisalmer and Bharatpur districts people call the ambulance to take lift. In Jaisalmer, the distance between two villages is very long, therefore, people call the ambulance to provide them lift. \"We have blocked the services in some parts of Jaisalmer,\" the official said.The ZHCL official claimed that the company has informed the medical health and family welfare department about its decision to stop services in certain areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14440796", "title": "5 cases of physical assault registered in single day", "text": "NASHIK: The Panchavati police have arrested four people in connection with beating up a youth from Gandhari village on Sunday. According to police, Jairam Kadale of Gandhar Wadi, Makhmalabad, was beaten up by four others over a previous rivalry in Gandhari village on Sunday afternoon.The police have arrested Chhagan Dhongde, Balu Wagh, Sagar Wagh and Pundalik More, all residents of Gandharwadi, on charges of voluntarily causing harm by dangerous weapons.Meanwhile four others were arrested in a similar case by the Indiranagar police. Ravindra Sawant, resident of Sadichha Nagar near Indiranagar, in his complaint hasalleged that Sagar Satish Deshmukh, Pramik Ninawe, Kuldeep Parmar, Gokul Sharma and 20 to 25 others beat him up in front of his house on Tuesday at 9 pm behind Bottle Factory, Sadiccha Nagar, after picking up an argument over a previous feud they had with his nephew. The Indiranagar police have arrested accused Deshmukh, Ninawe, Parmar and Sharma.Another three were arrested by Bhadrakali police acting on a complaint filed by one Ramzan Ali Chaudhary of Sambhaji Chowk. The complainant alleged that Sani Jadhav, Sagar Salve, Akash Dongare and Soni Koli beat him up at Shalimar circle on Tuesday afternoon. when he was leaving for Nashik Road Railway Station.Ali said that the accused beat him up and also snatched Rs 200 and a mobile handset.Further, a 22-year-old woman accused her husband of harassing her physically on the instigation her husband's girl friend. The complainant Anjum Tamboli, resident of Panchasheel Nagar, Ganjamal, said that her husband - Taufiq Tamboli was beating her up at his residence on the instigation of his girl friend Rukhsar Shaikh.Another case of physical assault was registered at Adgaon police station in which Haribhau Borade and four others are accused to have beaten up one Madhav Kahandal (55) of Shilapur over lodging a complaint against them with the district collectorate over a sand contract.The victim said that he was beaten up at his farm in Shilapur on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "14446407", "title": "Councillor, husband killed by gang", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A woman AIADMK municipal councillor and her husband, who was also a functionary of the ruling party were hacked to death by an armed gang in Virudhunagar on Wednesday evening.Police suspect that previous enmity was the motive behind the murder and have launched a hunt for the culprits. Both the woman councillor, Thanga Pandiammal (45), as well as her husband S R Nagaraj (52), a former councillor were in the MDMK and had switched over to AIADMK prior to the local body elections last year.Police said that Pandiammal and Nagaraj, residents of Mela Theru in the town were travelling in their motorcycle around 8pm when the armed gang intercepted them near Desabandhu grounds near Pottal in the town limits.\"As Nagaraj halted the vehicle, the gang shoved the couple down and started stacking them indiscriminately with sickles. The couple sustained multiple cut injuries and collapsed in a pool of blood. After ascertaining that the two were dead, the gang fled the spot,\" said a police official.Public in the locality informed about the incident to the police who rushed to the spot and sent the bodies to the government hospital. Virudhunagar SP Najmul Hoda visited the spot and conducted inquiries. He said that special teams would be constituted to nab the culprits.\"Preliminary inquiries have revealed that seven persons came in a multi-utility vehicle and committed the offence. They had fled in the same vehicle,\" said a police official.Nagaraj himself has a violent past and was accused in four murder cases besides a slew of other cases. In one of the murder cases, Nagaraj was even convicted and served a prison sentence, a police official said.\"We have not exactly ascertained the motive for the murder but suspect it was due to previous enmity. Search is on to obtain clues from the spot about the culprits as there were no eyewitnesses to the incident. We are also inquiring whether the motive of the culprits was to murder Nagaraj or Thanga Pandiammal or the two,\" said the official.The murder has created a furore among the AIADMK circle. A number of party cadres visited the murder spot as well as the government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442829", "title": "Register with PMC, private schools told", "text": "PUNE: All the 380 private schools in the city have been asked by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to apply for fresh recognition under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act and the Maharashtra Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Rules, 2011.The objective is to ensure that the schools comply with the RTE norms and standards relating to infrastructure, pupil-teacher ratio, and teacher salaries, among other things. Schools failing to apply for fresh recognition (by filing self-declaration forms) within the stipulated period of three months, will face de-recognition, said a PMC official.On the basis of a directive given by the deputy director of primary education, Pune region, the PMC has asked all primary schools to fill a self-declaration form and submit it with the PMC school board. Secondary schools have been asked to submit this form with the zilla parishad. \"The self-declaration form will contain details about the nature and area of the school, number of students, divisions, and number of sanctioned teachers,\" said a PMC official.Schools are required to furnish infrastructure details such as size and number of classrooms, number of urinals or lavatories for boys as well as girls, adequate water facility for using and maintaining toilets, drinking water facility, barrier-free access to all facilities and particulars of the teaching staff, among other things. Among other conditions, the schools should be run by a society registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 or the Bombay Trusts Act, 1950 and the school building and other structures are used for education and skill development only.Once the forms are received, the district education officer will inspect the schools and prepare a report. The inspection report will then be placed in the public domain. Schools conforming to the norms and conditions will be granted recognition within 15 days of the inspection.\"Schools that fail to conform to the norms will be given three years to tidy up the shortcomings, failing which, they will cease to function,\" the official said.The schedule in RTE, 2009, prescribes norms that include the student-teacher ratio, infrastructure requirements such as an all-weather building consisting of at least one class room for every teacher, barrier free access, playground, kitchen where mid-day meal is cooked; apart from listing the minimum number of working days/instructional hours in an academic year, details about the teaching-learning equipment, library, play material, games and sports equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449152", "title": "Martial arts boost kids\u2019 confidence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many parents in Chandigarh are sending their children for martial arts classes during their vacations with the aim of making them self-sufficient and also giving them enough gumption to take on anti-social elements. It is not only a good way of making children utilize their time productively but also boosts their confidence.Training in martial arts helps one increase his or her fighting ability. And the heroism and folklore attached to martial arts only adds to their enigma. We have often seen the good martial artist kicking some bad guys in the movies. And these skills that are used for personal safety also help boost one's self-confidence.Amanpreet, a resident of Sector 33, who is a mother of a 7-year-old girl said, \"I send my daughter for karate classes because I want to make her strong enough to defend herself. Many times girls come across eve-teasers, who pass nasty remarks and sometimes even try to misbehave with them. And many times girls, who are not trained in any self- defence techniques find themselves in a helpless situation. By getting trained in a martial art at least my daughter will be able to defend herself.\"\"My aim is to build the stamina of my 10-year-old son. He is in the growing stage and stretching exercises performed in martial arts will improve his body muscles,\" said Rajneesh Jain, a resident of Sector 31.Suraj Verma, a black belt in tae kwon do, who is also a trainer said, \"Martial arts increase body flexibility. The bonus for girls is the huge boost in self-confidence they get, making any future physical abuse unlikely.\"\"Being a girl I strongly feel learning martial arts is a must for girls as it keeps one fit and also builds self-confidence. It also gives one a healthy dose of aerobic activities, stretching and breathing techniques,\" said Sakshi Mittal, a national gold medalist and a tae kwon do expert, who is also a trainer.Pushpa Chawla, a retired principal said, \"Training in martial arts for self-defence for kids is the need of the hour to fight rising violence in society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442595", "title": "Land acquisition for DMIC to begin soon", "text": "PUNE: The state government will soon issue a notification for acquisition of land in Dhule district for the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor, for which the government of Japan has sanctioned a multibillion dollar soft loan.Speaking to TOI from Dhule, the government's land acquisition officer said, \"The state government has instructed the district collectors of Dhule, Nashik, Aurangabad and Raigad to initiate the process of acquiring 62,440 hectare land for the Union government's Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor (DMIC) project. We can finish the land acquisition sooner because of the appointment of seven officials for Dhule district. The notification for the identified land will be issued by August and if there are any grievances, those will be addressed and solved.\"Conceptually, the DMIC is a 1,483-km-long industrial belt between the political capital and the financial capital of the country. It would pass through Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Maharashtra. On both sides of the proposed railway line, there will be industrial establishments, which will use the dedicated freight corridor for business purpose. The entire industrial belt will be connected through dedicated railway lines and roads.The corridor will be connected to the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) near Mumbai. An additional port is being developed at Dighi, south of JNPT, which will share some load of the increased business activities once the DMIC is established.The corridor would fetch a total investment of around Rs 1.28 lakh crore and generate employment for 23 lakh people in the state. The total cost of the project is expected to be $90 billion and it will be partly funded by the Japanese government, said a statement issued at the time of announcement of the DMIC. The project report was finalized and officially announced in 2007.The land acquisition officer said that 53 officials would be recruited, by August 15, on a contract basis for the DMIC project. The land acquisition process will be initiated after that and will be completed in three years.Raigad, Nashik and Aurangabad have industrial areas housing many multinational companies. However, Dhule, around 360 km north of Pune, is an undeveloped district, with a dry and hot climate. It stands to benefit the most from the DMIC project.\"In places like Pune, there is agricultural land near the city and farmers oppose any acquisition. On the contrary, in Dhule the land is barren with very little agricultural activity. The farmers there are in favour of the DMIC project and many of them have expressed willingness to sell their land for industrial development,\" the official said.To support the proposed industrial activities, two major power projects will also come up in Dhule. \"While the state government is setting up a solar power plant with an installed capacity of 150 MW, a coal-based thermal power plant of 3,300 MW capacity will come up on a 400-hectare land, which will need an investment of Rs 20,000 crore. The land has been identified and we will soon receive Rs 50 crore for initiating the land acquisition process,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "14443618", "title": "New girls' hostel for govt college", "text": "DAVANAGERE: A new hostel block will be coming up soon for government first grade college for women in Davanagere, said district in-charge minister SA Ravindranath at the inauguration of the newly built classrooms for the college on Tuesday.There is a need for accommodation for girls hailing from rural areas and from city limits. He hinted that a discussion in this regard has already taken place with the social welfare minister.The minister stressed on the role of teachers in attracting more number of students with their teaching skills. Sitting MP GM Siddeshwar expressed his dissatisfaction over the poor quality of the first grade women college in Davanagere.Mayor Sudha Jayarudresh, corporator Jyothi Patil, college development board committee members Prof B Veerabhadrappa, Prof Vamadevappa, Pushpa Gundi Siddesh, college principal Prof Bhavana N Hole Hosur were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14443862", "title": "No life term for fit-of-rage murder", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has reduced the life term of a wife killer to seven years after holding that murder committed in a fit of rage or sudden provocation would not amount to warranting life imprisonment.Extending the benefit of a rare exception to Rajesh of Erode district, who murdered his wife Parveen Banu after a sudden provocation, a division bench comprising Justice K N Basha and Justice P Devadoss pointed out that as per exception 1 of Section 300 of the Indian Penal Code, a culpable homicide is not murder if the offender, deprived of the power of self-control by grave and sudden provocation, causes the death of the person who provoked him.Though Rajesh and Parveen had a love marriage, they used to quarrel frequently as the former suspected his wife of having an affair with a colleague. In order to protect their two children from their wayward mother, Rajesh put them in a hostel in Tuticorin district. She resented it and continuously pressured him to hand over her children. On June 3, 2009, Rajesh saw Parveen in front of a shop at Surampatti village and started fighting with her. In a fit of rage, he hit her with an iron rod. Parveen died of severe head injuries. On June 29, 2010, the fast track court-I found Rajesh guilty of murder and awarded him a life sentence.In its present order on a criminal appeal filed by Rajesh, the bench said, \"Rajesh had killed her, actuated by her past provocative conduct. He has committed the offence due to the sustained/cumulative provocation. It will fall under exception 1 to Section 300 IPC. What he has committed is culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Considering the weapon, the injury inflicted on her vital part, it is an intentional act falling under Part-I of Section 304 IPC.\"The \"provocation\" stated in Exception 1 to Section 300 IPC says that it must be sudden and on the spot. It must be on a provocative act on the spur of the moment.The Madras high court granted a reprieve to Rajesh of Erode district, who was convicted of murdering his wife Parveen Banu in a fit of rage. The HC division bench reduced his life term to seven years citing that the offence was committed after sudden provocation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14439564", "title": "34 hurt in bus mishap", "text": "WARDHA: 34 passengers were injured in a bus accident near Parola village in Karanga taluka of Wardha around 3.30am on Wednesday.The passengers were heading from Amravati to Nagpur by the bus (MH 27/T 2005) of Price Travels to attend the marriage ceremony of Rajesh Pateriyal. The bus stared from Amravati at 1am for a marriage to be held at Nagpur the next day at 10am. However, the driver lost control over the bus and dashed against a road divider. As a result, the bus fell into a nullah, injuring 34.The injured were taken to the government hospital in Karanja and later shifted to Nagpur. The condition of Rashmi Wankhede was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14445144", "title": "High court foils medical college\u2019s bid to increase seats sans government nod", "text": "CHENNAI: An attempt by a city medical college, run by Union minister S Jagathrakshakan's family, to increase the number of seats from the existing 100 to 250 has run into trouble with the Madras high court setting aside a single judge order asking the Medical Council of India to inspect the institution.Citing the mandatory requirements for increasing the intake and several infirmities in the information furnished by the Shree Balaji Medical College and Hospital to the court, a division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan said last week that the interim order by single judge amounted to granting the main relief sought by the college.The judges said: \"When it is made out that the college has no institutional or infrastructural facilities even to increase the intake from 100 to 150, there is no question of increasing the intake from 100 to 250, as a matter of course. The college was not justified in making a prayer for an interim direction to inspect the institution during the academic year 2012-13.\"The college, started in 2003-04 with an annual intake of 100 students, moved the court seeking a direction to the MCI to conduct an inspection and permit increase in the number of seats to 250 without insisting on the essentiality certificate (mandatory for starting or expanding an educational institution) from the state government. A single judge acceded to the plea, and asked the MCI to inspect the institution and pass appropriate orders on merits.The MCI challenged the order, pointing out that the college's plea to increase the intake to 150 was rejected on June 30, 2011 and its present plea to hike it to 250 could not be considered. The college's hospital does not have 1,100 beds as required, and the mandatory essentiality certificate too was not available, it was submitted.Also, in order to show urgency, the college informed the court that the last date for submission of inspection report was May 31, while the real deadline was June 15. The single judge issued the direction on the basis of the false averments by the college, the MCI said.Concurring with the submissions, the bench said issues such as obtaining essentiality certificate, having 1,100 beds and the need for a college to have 10 years of existence to seek an increase in student intake required serious consideration on merits and the interim order would amount to granting the very relief sought by the college even while the main petition is pending. The judges then referred the matter back to the portfolio judge for disposal as expeditiously as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "14442629", "title": "I will be safe, Jundal had told his father before disappearing", "text": "BEED: \"Dont worry about me, I will be safe. I will come home after a while,\" were the last words that Lashkar terrorist Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Hamza, alias Abu Jundal had spoken to his father Zakiuddin Ansari. It was on the same day in May 2006 that the Aurangabad rural police and the state anti-terrorism squad seized a huge cache of arms and ammunition from Ellora Ghat. Jundal was allegedly involved in the gun-running case and managed to escape from the police.\"On that day, the policemen came to our home and told me that my son was involved in an arms transportation case,\" the 70-year-old Zakiuddin told TOI on Wednesday. \"I didn't have the faintest idea of his activities. He was attending to some work at his shop when I called him on the phone. After waiting for him for about an hour, I went to the place where he was working. People there said that Zabi had just left for home, saying he would be back soon.\"Zakiuddin said that since then they had no news of him, except the newspaper reports attributing \"negative\" things to him and suggesting that he was a terrorist. \"I wonder where he got the time to indulge in all these activities. He used to get up early and go to work, as my earnings were too little to meet the household expenses. He was very hardworking and honest. So people would give him work.''After his son disappeared, some people with whom he had worked paid the amount they owed him but some others refused to pay, Zakiuddin said. Some of them started threatening him with dire consequences if he demanded his money, he said.\"Three days ago, I was going to the insurance office when a friend called me and said that my son has been arrested in Delhi. I felt like I was going to faint. I took an auto-rickshaw and went back home. By that time, my wife had also got the news,\" Zakiuddin said.After the news broke, media persons began arriving at his house, wanting to speak to the family. He said he and his wife had to be admitted to hospital twice because of high blood pressure. They are now staying at a relative's house. On Tuesday, a senior police officer visited him and said he was there to ensure that they were not harassed, Zakiuddin said. The officer advised him to shift residence temporarily to escape media attention.Zakiuddin once operated a touring talkies and had invested his earnings in it from the sale of his shop and a three-acre farm in Georai. But he suffered losses in the business and shifted to Beed about 12 years ago with Zabiuddin, his only son, and five daughters.He started working as an insurance agent and sometimes at a cinema-hall in Beed. One of his daughters got married when Zabiuddin was around.\"After Zabi disappeared, even close relatives kept a distance and the only frequent visitors were from the anti-terrorism squad or policemen in plain clothes. They would visit us during day and night, search the home and leave, saying that it was their duty. They would ask questions about his friends,\" Zakiuddin said.\"Zabiuddin's friends would also come home but would not say anything. It was only in 2006 that the family got to know that he was allegedly involved in illegal activities. If I had the faintest idea, I would have stopped him from any illegal activity. But he appeared quite normal and obedient,\" Zakiuddin said.\"We had no word from Zabi and would refer to newspaper reports about him. One day, the ATS officials asked why we were preserving these clippings and took away them. We had told the policemen whatever we knew about Zabi and his friends,\" he said.Zakiuddin said that Zabiuddin had got associated with the Ahle-Hadees sect. \"We didn't know that this association would cause so much trouble in our lives. We had a tough time. People avoided giving me insurance work. Still I managed to earn between Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,500 per month and my daughters helped me by sewing clothes in our mohalla. Fortunately, all my daughters are married. I still have to visit the insurance office in search of work to earn a living,\" he said.Zakiuddin said that if his son is a traitor and a terrorist, he should be hanged. \"Now that he is arrested, we hope the police and the media will spare us. We had enough trouble and stress in our lives. We want to spend our remaining days in peace,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14455763", "title": "Jayalalithaa writes to PM about attacks on Indian fishermen", "text": "Chennai: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take up the issue of frequent attacks on Indian fishermen with the Sri Lankan government. She said that the Prime Minister should impress upon Sri Lanka the need to instruct its Navy to exercise restraint and refrain from harassing the fishermen.Jayalalithaa's statement comes in the backdrop of the June 26 incident in which the Sri Lankan navy reportedly chased the Indian fishermen in mid-sea, cut their ropes and damaged nets of several boats resulting in huge loss to them.Bringing the incident to the Prime Minister's notice, Jayalalithaa in her letter said the fishermen in 45 boats were fishing near Kachchativu island (which falls within Lankan territorial waters) when they were harassed by the Sri Lankan navy.Recalling her communication to the Prime Minister on various incidents of attack on Indian fishermen by the Lankan navy in the past one year, she sought his intervention. \"This latest incident of harassment has shocked Tamil Nadu and created a psychological fear in the minds of our fishermen\", she said.Jayalalithaa said from time immemorial the fishermen of Tamil Nadu have been traditionally fishing in the waters near Kachchativu, notwithstanding any geographical or political boundaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441507", "title": "Nashik student is state topper", "text": "NASHIK: A student, Harshad Pachorkar, of Chitrakala Mahavidyalaya that is affiliated to the J J School of Arts, stood first in the Mumbai University and in the state and within Mumbai University in the GD Arts stream with a score of 75.67%. It is after two years that a Nashik student has yet again managed to bag the honour. first position after a gap of two years Harshad, who appeared for his final year of G D Art secured first class first with 75.67 percent, in the state and in the Mumbai University in the academic year 2011-12.\"The course includes painting and drawing. We stood first after two years. Prior to that we stood first in the university consistently for 4-5 years,\" said an elated Harshad. The G D Arts programme is a five-year course that is completed after class XII. Pachorkar wants to be an established artist and a teacher. He says that he would like to pursue further studies in the field from a reputed institute.It may be recalled that Harshad and his friends had created a painting on the occasion of Republic Day especially for the Nashik Times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14445711", "title": "Uttarakhand police register cases against sons of BSP MLA", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand police on Wednesday registered cases against two sons of BSP legislator from Manglore Sarvat Karim Ansari under section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 504 (intentionally insulting to provoke in order to break public peace) of the IPC.Aamir Ansari and Junaid Ansari were charged for brutally beating some carpenters and vandalizing their shops on Seetapur-Jwalapur bypass in Haridwar on Tuesday evening. Haridwar SSP Arun Mohan Joshi said that the FIR was lodged at the Jwalapaur police station on the complaint of one Furkan, who was allegedly beaten up by the two brothers. Furkan was sent to the Roorkee civil hospital and the hospital's report is awaited.Karim Ansari is also the chairman of the Uttarakhand Housing Board with the rank of a cabinet minister. Two others apart from the brothers have also been booked in the case. SSP Joshi told TOI that the incident occurred at 6.30pm when Aamir and Junaid went to Seetapur-Jwalapur bypass to get their private bus repaired.Joshi said the accused first had a heated conversation with the carpenters on some issue and then started attacking them before vandalizing their shops. The accused have denied the charges. Joshi added that the police have started their inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447026", "title": "Contempt heat on MNS chief for calling HC 'partial'", "text": "Mumbai: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray could be in trouble over his alleged utterances against the Bombay high court. State advocate general Darius Khambata on Wednesday granted permission to launch criminal contempt proceedings against Raj Thackeray for reportedly calling the high court \"partial''.In February 2012, Raj Thackeray had called the high court's order rejecting the MNS' plea to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park as a \"partisan decision\".\"The remark scandalizes the Bombay high court and tends to lower its authority and dignity,\" said Khambata in his letter to advocate Ejaz Naqvi who had sought permission to launch contempt proceedings against Thackeray. \"The remarks cast an unwarranted aspersion of partiality against the Bombay high court,\" added Khambata.Khambata clarified that his consent \"is on the basis that it will be proved that Raj Thackeray had indeed described the decision of the Bombay high court as a 'partial decision'\".The case dates back to February 5, 2012, when the high court rejected the MNS' petition which sought permission to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park. The HC had dismissed the petition on the ground that the venue fell within a \"silence zone\".An upset Thackeray then allegedly made remarks against the high court decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448959", "title": "Foreign banks' share close to 10-year low", "text": "MUMBAI: The share of foreign banks' business in India remains close to a 10-year low and the number of banks has also declined.The shrinkage has been because of the contraction in the balance sheet of large lenders after the financial crisis and some medium size banks exiting retail business.According to latest numbers released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), foreign banks account for only 5.2% of bank deposits and 4.6% of bank credit. A decade ago in 2002, foreign banks accounted for 7.3% of bank credit and 5.1% of bank deposits. Until the outbreak of the crisis in 2008, the share of bank deposits had risen to 5.2% while that of credit had declined marginally to 6.8%. However, since then, the share of foreign banks in deposits and credit has steadily declined.RBI has been floated a proposal whereby large foreign banks would be required to incorporate locally and in return will get the freedom to open more branches. At present, foreign bank licences are very strictly regulated and RBI releases a handful of licences every year. The number of foreign banks has declined from 42 in 2001 to around 36 at present.But although there are more foreign banks than nationalized banks or private banks, their presence does not count for much because of branch restrictions. Most of the lenders are single-branch operations in India and function like investment banks. Only a handful of banks - including Standard Chartered, Citibank, HSBC, Deutsche Bank and DBS \u2014 have a sizeable presence in India. Following the global financial crisis in 2008, most of the foreign banks have scaled down their balance sheets in India.According to data released by RBI on business of scheduled commercial banks in India, nationalized banks accounted for 52.1% of deposits and State Bank of India group accounted for 21.9%. The share of New Private Sector Banks, Old Private Sector Banks, Foreign Banks, and Regional Rural Banks in aggregate deposits was 13.9%, 4.8%, 4.5% and 2.9%, respectively. In case of bank credit, nationalized banks held the highest share of 51.2% in the total bank credit followed by State Bank of India and its associates at 22.5% and new private banks at 13.8%. Foreign Banks, Old Private Sector Banks and Regional Rural Banks had relatively lower shares in the total bank credit at 5.2%, 4.8% and 2.5%, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447947", "title": "Vikas Marg pilot project to provide parking solutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: With parking turning out to be premium in the city, the Delhi government is looking for ways for better management of parking lots. At a recently held meeting of the court-appointed special task force (STF) on traffic, the umbrella transport agency UTTIPEC made a presentation for a pilot project. The project, which will look to provide short-term and long-term parking solutions, will be undertaken on Vikas Marg. If successful, a senior government official said, the project may be replicated across the city.\"The project will be carried out after identifying on-surface parking for those who need to park for short-term like shoppers who come for an hour at most. The other kind of parking which may be an underground multi-level parking will be used for those who need to park for long-term. This includes the shopkeepers and residents of the area,\" an official said. The proposal has got an in-principle approval from the L-G, said sources and the finer details of the project are being worked out. Besides differential time slabs, suggestions have been made to keep a free parking zone for non-motorized vehicles and para-transit near the Metro stations. Parking for other vehicles would be demarcated from the station, said a source.\"The short-term on-street parking will be defined with proper demarcation. For long-term parking, we have identified land near Laxmi Nagar. It is a DDA land which has been lying vacant and we will also explore the possibility of transit oriented development on this plot,\" the senior official said.TOD is a compact, mixed use development near new or existing public transportation infrastructure that provides housing, employments within walking distance of transit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438750", "title": "Why has RTE hit a roadblock in Andhra Pradesh?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nithin Gollamudi, a city student dreams to be a doctor and secretly wants to be the state topper in medical entrance examination. Belonging to an economically and socially backward family, the 12-year-old who was helping his father in a masonry shop in Chotuppal till two years ago even while going to a nearby government school says that it would have been impossible for him to dream this big till recently. With the implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) act, 2009, Nithin along with his twin brother Nikesh got admission in a reputed city school located in Begumpet and are now doing well on their own in a class of 40 students. What the RTE gave them is an ability to dream big.Unlike the twins, however, most children in the state may not be able to enjoy the benefit of the 25 % reservation under RTE. Over 12 lakh out of school children (as per the human development report, 2007) in the state are left in the lurch, with the state government deciding to go slow on the implementation of this act which was deemed to have the potential of changing existing social orders. Even after the Supreme Court directed private schools in the country to implement section 12 of the act by virtue of which 25 per cent of the seats in their classrooms will be reserved for students from underprivileged backgrounds, the state government has been taking its own time to even debate the possibilities of implementing the act. This even as neighbouring states like Karnataka and Maharashtra have started the reservation process under the act.While the Supreme Court order that came on April 12, 2012, had called for immediate action, the state appointed committee which looks into the implementation of the act has met exactly twice so far, bringing out no substantial outcome. The state's apathy has come at a time when a majority of city schools had welcomed the act and the SC order. \"About 17,500 schools in the state had agreed to the implementation of the act on the very day the Supreme Court order asking implementation of section 12 was issued. The government seems to be lagging behind as it claims that it does not have enough money to fund the studies of children,\" said S Srinivas Reddy, president, recognised schools managements' association. As per the act, the government is supposed to give private schools an amount equal to the per-child expenditure it sets aside for government school children every year. Other than the state schools, many CBSE and ICSE schools located in the city had also welcomed the act. \"The act will help build richer classrooms. When children from lower social classes come into a classroom they might help other students to learn about sharing and caring. Classroom becomes a place to learn,\" said principal of a school located in Bachupally.The schools which do not want to implement the act, however, are immune to it as a government order issued in 2010 exempts them from a strict implementation of section 12. As per the GO, private schools need to open their gates to under privileged children only after all the seats in neighbouring government schools get filled. \"With most private schools in Hyderabad being surrounded by government and aided schools the act loses it teeth when it comes to reservations in top private schools which charge anywhere between Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh as annual fee. This is complete distortion of the act,\" said Anil Sadgopal, an educationist and RTE activist.Schools, however maintained that they need no RTE act to govern them to care for poor children from the neighbourhood. Some of the schools like P Obul Reddy School, Jubilee Hills and Vidyaranya School, Lower Tank Bund are known for admitting a good percent of students from poor economic backgrounds into their classrooms. Principals of schools like DPS and DAV Public School too maintained that they have been giving subsidized education to several children from the neighbourhood. \"We consider it our moral responsibility to give back to the community. Since help children of poor economic background since the past few years,\" said a principal. Schools, however set some criteria for offering help. \"We definitely consider students who are meritorious or good in sports but come from lower income groups for free admission. But it depends on the demand. Every year, many parents who cannot afford the fee amount approach us for their child's admission, and the school sponsors the child,\" said Shamita Bhattacharya, principal of St Andrews School Bowenpally. Jubilee Hills Public School too has a provision for underprivileged children from which around 25 students benefit every year. Families which come below the poverty line apply for scholarship and the tuition fees of those whose applications are approved are taken care of by the Kode Venkatadri Charitable Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14443412", "title": "Taking divine verses to masses", "text": "HUBLI: On Pinjar Oni, a dingy and narrow alley in Hubli, some Muslim girls gather at the verandah of a small house that belongs to an 18-year-old Hindu girl. They aren't exactly her friends, but rather her students. And what she teaches them is not any school or college text, but the Holy Quran.Meet Annapurna Renake, the girl who has achieved a rare distinction of learning Quran in Arabic language. Sending across the message of religious harmony, the Hindu girl teaches Muslim girls and also elderly women in her locality how to read and decipher Quran in its original form.Annapurna was drawn to Quran -- regarded widely as the finest piece of literature in Arabic - right from her childhood. Her desire was to learn the scripture in Arabic language itself so that she could catch its real essence. With her mother's encouragement and support, Annapurna studied the central religious text of Islam in about four years. Deeply influenced by the divine verses, she decided to impart the knowledge to others.Taking time out of her studies, Annapurna, who is now pursuing diploma in commercial practice at the Government Women's College, teaches Quran to girls, who mainly come from the Muslim community. She runs classes at her own residence and sometimes at her neighbours' houses. She also visits madarasas and teaches there.The seeker in herAnnapurna's work has won her laurels by both Muslim and Hindu community members. Annapurna can recite any verse of Quran from memory.She told TOI: I learnt Quran under the guidance of moulvis. I also got a go ahead from them to hold a Hadiya function at home and read the holy text. After that, people are coming to me to learn Quran. The tenets of Quran help you lead a life of virtue. They show you the path to a world where good wins over evil; a world where the truth triumphs. I am spreading the precious knowledge to others given my knowledge and capacity.In her quest for the true knowledge, Annapurna has also studied Hindu scriptures and epics including the Gita and the Jnaneshwari, a superb philosophical poem. Naturally, Annapurna's parents and neighbours are proud of her.\"She had taken to the holy scriptures from her childhood. We identified her interest and encouraged her to fulfill her desire,\" her mother Rajshri said. According to Bhasa Saab, their neighbour, learning Quran in Arabic and also teaching it to others is no small feat. \"The girl has achieved it. We are proud of her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446396", "title": "Maharashtra advocate general nod to contempt case against MNS chief", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray could be in trouble over his alleged utterances against the Bombay high court. Maharashtra advocate general Darius Khambata on Wednesday granted permission to start criminal contempt proceedings against Thackeray for reportedly calling the HC \"partial\". In February 2012, Thackeray had called the high court's order rejecting MNS plea to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park as a \"partisan decision\". \"The remark scandalises the Bombay high court and tends to lower its authority and dignity,\" said Khambata in his letter to advocate Ejaz Naqvi who sought permission for contempt proceedings against Thackeray. \"The remarks cast an unwarranted aspersion of partiality against the Bombay high court,\" said Khambata. His consent \"is on the basis that it will be proved that Raj Thakre (sic) had indeed described the decision of the Bombay high court as a \"partial decision\". The case dates back to February 5, 2012, when the HC rejected the MNS' petition seeking permission for a political rally at Shivaji Park. The MNS had claimed that Shivaji Park had a long tradition as a venue for rallies and cultural events. The party also mentioned that the ground was allowed to be used for Ganesh immersion, Durga Puja, Ramlila and Shiv Sena's Dussehra rally though it violated the decibel limit the year before. The HC had dismissed the petition on the ground that the venue was within a \"silence zone\". An upset Thackeray then allegedly called the HC decision \"partisan\". \"The remarks were deeply derogatory and defamed the high court and the judiciary,\" said advocate Naqvi, who practises in the high court and sessions courts. On February 8, he wrote to the AG's office seeking permission to initiate contempt proceedings against Thackeray. Under Contempt of Courts Act, a person requires consent from the advocate general to file a case of criminal contempt. \"With the advocate general's permission coming through, I will now file a contempt case against Thackeray in the appropriate court,\" said Naqvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441885", "title": "Camp for Nashik's construction workers", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to pass on the benefits of various government schemes to construction workers, the Maharashtra state construction workers' association (MSCWA), affiliated to the centre of Indian trade unions (CITU), has taken the initiative of creating awareness among construction workers.As part of this, the MSCWA on Wednesday organized a camp for construction workers in the city to inform them of how to get benefits from the state government's schemes and how to get registered with the office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC).Such awareness programmes are to be organized gradually across all cities in the state.Sitaram Thombare, president, construction workers co-ordination committee, MSCWA, and office-bearers of CITU's Nashik unit, said, \"The state government formed a Maharashtra building and construction workers welfare board (MBCWWB) in May 2011 to provide various schemes and facilities for the welfare of workers. The state government has levied labour cess of one per cent on construction projects and the revenue collected through labour cess is spent for the welfare of construction workers. the MBCWWB has received close to Rs 300 crore through labour cess.\"Construction workers can get the benefits from various government schemes, but they need to get registered with the office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC). They are also given identity cards following registration by the office of the DLC.\"The national health insurance scheme has been introduced for construction workers. Moreover, the MBCWWB also provides immediate timely help of Rs 5,000 for their pregnant wives during delivery, Rs 10,000 for accidents, Rs 1 lakh for accidental death, scholarship of Rs 10,000 to the wards of workers, Rs 10,000 for higher education and Rs 5,000 for funeral rites,\" Thombre said.Municipal corporations, municipal councils or the MIDC charge labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans by the related authority. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of the Maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board. This fund is then spent for the welfare of labourers across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447667", "title": "Nangloi mishap: Railways rules out compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a 27-year-old woman returning home to attend the last rites of her father-in-law was killed when a railway boom supporter fell upon her at a railway crossing near the Nangloi station, the railways on Wednesday ruled out paying any compensation to the victim.\"We had sent our representative at the spot. We found that there were signages warning the passersby to use a second crossing some metres ahead. We had decommissioned the crossing in July last year before we began construction with railways. It is an unfortunate death but we cannot pay her any compensation as it was an act of trespassing on railway property,'' said a Northern railway spokesperson.The locals though dispute the claims. \"The crossing is used by over 5,000 people every day to cross the tracks. The railways had not barricaded the area nor put up any warning sign as far as the crane's movements are concerned. How can the common man be asked to walk an extra 1.5km to get to their homes from the Nangloi station? asked Neetu Solanki, a resident of the area. Locals demanded compensation and a job for the deceased's kin from the railways.The Sultanpuri police, meanwhile, are yet to arrest the crane driver or the railway contractor. Police said they are trying to find out if the driver had raised any alarm before operating the crane.\"We have looked into the Railways Act and there is no provision for a compensation if you are found to be trespassing,'' said an officer.Witnesses said the accident happened around 9.15am on Tuesday when a railway contractor's crane reversed into the supporter at crossing 11C, and brought it down upon Taruna, 27. \"The Sultanpuri police have booked the contractor and his driver for negligence and causing danger using machinery. The driver fled after being beaten up by locals, and is yet to be arrested,\" said DCP (Outer Delhi) BS Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14462621", "title": "Reconstitution of panels of the state standing counsels by Goa government", "text": "PANAJI: Goa government has reconstituted the panel of the state standing counsels in Supreme Court of India for appearing before the apex court in matters of defending the state government's interest.Goa government in consultation with the state's advocate general has reconstituted the following panel of counsels in Supreme Court of India.\"Advocate V. Madhukar, Ninad Laud, Ms. A. Subhashini, Siddharth Bhatnagar, S. Y. Chitale will represent state in apex court\", under secretary law establishment N P Singnapurker said.He also said that the advocate general of the state will be allotting the cases for defending the interest of government of Goa in Supreme Court.Singnapurker also said that the standing counsel has to keep the advocate general of state of Goa informed well in advance of the date of hearing of the matter and also seek his instruction from time to time.\"No counsel other than above shall be engaged, unless approved in prior point of time; else the advocate general of the state of Goa shall appear in Supreme Court in the all matters before apex court\", said he.Government has decided to pay Rs 5,500 per appearance before court and also they shall be entitled to a fee of Rs 1000 for every drafting of affidavit or special leave petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "14447858", "title": "Farmers stop officials from surveying land for nuclear power plant", "text": "FATEHABAD: A team of government officials had to face a tough time on Wednesday as they reached Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district to conduct a survey for the purposed nuclear power plant there. The farmers allegedly misbehaved with the officials and even made them hostage for a few minutes.A team of over a dozen officials, including 10 patwaris, had reached the village to collect records about houses, trees, tubewells and agricultural land within the 1,313 acres to be acquired for the power plant.As soon as the officials started work, about a hundred farmers, including women, rushed towards them and asked them to go back. A farmer allegedly misbehaved with the officials and made them hostage for a few minutes in a room at the proposed site, sources said.Confirming that the farmers had protested visits by officials, president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, Hans Raj Siwach, said, \"Farmers have stopped the government officials. They don't want to give their fertile land for the power plant.\"As the message reached district headquarters, sub-divisional magistrate Baljeet Singh and deputy superintendent of police Jagdish Chander reached the spot, along with heavy police force, and ordered the team to return from the village.When contacted, deputy commissioner M L Kaushik said, \"The work of nuclear power plant is going on peacefully. If anyone obstructs government work, he will face police action. We have informed police about what happened at the village. Now the police will take action accordingly.\"However, DSP Jagdish Kumar said, \"We have not received any complaint from anybody. Police will take action accordingly if and when complaints are received.\"DC Kaushik had constituted a team comprising SDM Baljeet Singh, joint director of agriculture department , Anoop Singh and tehsildar Nourang Dass, to conduct a survey of the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14447889", "title": "Himachal Pradesh University moots new policy to prevent overcrowding, curb violence", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) is now planning to provide hostels to students for a limited period only, probably for three years, as a preventive step to curb violence in hostels as well as restrict the prolonged stay of boarders, who allegedly get involved in student politics and also cause overcrowding here, sources said.The step to accommodate students for a short term is being contemplated following recent clashes in the HPU boys' hostels on June 12 night wherein more than 25 students were injured and the university authorities had to order closure of boys' hostels for an indefinite period.The new policy suggests that preference will be given to students pursuing research work and PhD. The new framework will help provide space for those who actually need the hostels, sources said.After the recent clashes, a search was conducted by police on orders of the high court which found that that the seven boys' hostels were overcrowded with unauthorized occupants and over 2,000 students were living in the hostels, which had a capacity for 810 occupants only.During the search, police had also recovered objectionable material including 200 knives, 110 lathis, iron rods and swords from different hostels. The boys' hostels in HPU have been a hotbed of violence and student politics deep rooted in the hostels as some party outfits were enjoying dominance in particular hostels. It was also found that hostels were also divided on the basis of outfits, including that of ABVP and SFI.In May 2011, five students were injured in clashes between NSUI and SFI and raids were conducted in four boys' hostels including GH, Srikhand, Tagore and SBH. In July 2010, clashes between SFI and ABVP groups in hostels left four students injured and around 60 students were taken under preventive detention, including girls. Knives and weapons were also recovered from the hostels in the raids, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438921", "title": "Government mulls raising liquor profit margin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second round of invitation to prospective liquor vendors to buy licences of 893 retail outlets did not receive any response on Wednesday. As a result, sources said, the state government may be forced to conduct a third draw of lots as well as attract the vendors by increasing the trade margin to a flat 30% as against the current slab rates.After the first draw of lots ended on Tuesday, no applications were received for 893 of the total 6,596 outlets. Fresh applications for the 'unsold' 893v outlets were called for, but on Wednesday, the first day, not a single application was received. July 2 is the last date for filing the fresh applications and the second draw of lots is slated to be held on July 3. And if the situation does not improve, there could be a third draw of lots as well, said sources.\"Going by the response of the traders, I can say we are heading towards another flop show. Unless there are drastic measures to attract the dealers, these exercises will be futile,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers Association. According to him, at least 60% of the total retail outlets will find no takers.The government wanted AP Beverage Corporation Ltd (APBCL) to take over the shops that remained unsold. However, the initial calculation is that about 100 outlets will go abegging and that the breweries corporation personnel can operate it. To manage each shop at least four persons are required besides infrastructure like refrigeration and billing system. \"The number of unsold shops is more than what we had expected, but we are trying to find a way out,\" said a senior official in the ABPCL. The corporation is learnt to be mulling outsourcing the manpower.In order to attract more applications, the state government is actively considering a hike in the trade margin so that that the liquor trade looks more profitable. Even as the dealers are concerned about the viability of liquor business given the higher license fee, the government is mulling increasing the trade margin to a flat 30 per cent as against the slab rates that are not so attractive for the dealers, the sources in the excise department said.Presently, a dealer gets 27% margin on cheap liquor and 25% on beer sales. And a dealer can have leeway up to 20% on the sale of branded liquor. While shifting from auction to fixed license fee regime, the government chose to retain the same slabs in the new liquor policy slated to come into effect from July 1.One main reason claimed by the liquor traders for the lack of enthusiasm is that they say that the licence fee is exorbitant, especially in places like Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy where it is Rs 1.04 crore per outlet. In several places in Visakhapatanam, Krishna and East Godavari districts, there are very few or no applications in view of the prohibitive licence fee. While the licence fee cannot be revised as it is part of the notified policy, the government is allowed to increase the trade margin, and in all likelihood, it may go up to 30%.\"When the licence fee is on the higher side, the only way to attract a dealer is to allow him to make more profit. Apart from increasing the trade margin, the state should reduce the privilege charges,\" said a trade watcher. The new policy charges 8% as privilege fee plus 17% VAT on liquor sales when the turnover of a particular shop crosses six times the licence fee. The traders are urging the government to revise this fee downwards. Unless the state takes these two steps, the prospects of more applicants coming forward over the next few days are very dim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446459", "title": "Terror links in Marathwada worry Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government should take strict measures to curb terrorist activities in Marathwada, the Shiv Sena's mouthpiece Saamna said in an editorial on Wednesday. Saamna urged the government to give up \"pseudo-secularism\" and come down heavily on terror outfits operating from Marathwada. The Saamna editorial came two days after the arrest of Lashkar terrorist Syed Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. The 36-year-old, Maharashtra-born Jundal, one of the key 26/11 conspirators, was handed over to India by Saudi Arabian authorities. Saamna said Marathwada has been on the Lashkar's radar. The Ghatkopar bomb blast had involvement from Parbhani and Pune German bakery blast from Beed. Abu Jundal is also from Beed. Saamna said the state government and home department ignored terror activities in Marathwada. It said an inept and irresponsible administration has done nothing to remove the terror tag from Marathwada. The terror links of Marathwada should worry the Sena, say political observers. The Sena earned its political spurs in Marathwada in the 1980s, dealing a blow to the then-undivided Congress. After Maratha heavyweight Sharad Pawar rejoined the Congress in 1986, the Sena tapped the anti-establishment vote in the region and created a political space for itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14458613", "title": "Goa government makes interest-free loan plan more student-friendly", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government on Wednesday approved extensive modifications in its flagship scheme, under which interest-free loans are provided for higher education, making it more student-friendly.The changes were approved at a State Cabinet meeting presided over by CM Manohar Parrikar.Talking to reporters after the meeting, he said modifications were necessary to rejuvenate the Government- sponsored scheme. \"The scheme was not getting desired response due to some existing shortcomings.\"The scheme, in force for over a decade, has benefited 3,338 students, who took loans to the tune of Rs 38.54 crore, of which Rs 17.99 crore had been paid back.Under the scheme, students are given interest-free loans for higher education and they have to pay back the money once they start earning.Parrikar said Department of Higher Education will be streamlining the plan wherein the loan amount would be disbursed within a month.The scheme, which was to end on October 31, has been extended till December 31.The Cabinet also raised the annual income limit of the borrower (family) from existing Rs five lakh to Rs seven lakh. In case another sibling wants to pursue higher education, the income limit would be Rs 8 lakh.For students wanting to pursue their education abroad, the income limit has been fixed at Rs 12 lakh to Rs 14 lakh.The scheme will also cover the reimbursement of 'entitled fee' as against the earlier clause of paying only 'fee'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443483", "title": "Civic panel seeks report on internal transfers", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has sought a report on the appointments of engineers and their internal transfers in different departments of the civic body.\"It is expected that the officials should change departments every three years. The data available with us shows that many engineers and officers have been transferred to different departments, but they have not taken charge. Some officials have been working in the same department for years,\" Vishal Tambe, member of the standing committee, said on Wednesday.Many officials sought appointments in departments like building, roads and tax. Some were transferred but were still working in their previous departments which was causing problems in the offices they had been posted to. Getting manpower has become a problem for the civic body, Tambe said.\"We have submitted a list of such officials to the civic administration at a standing committee meeting. Now, a report has been sought which will be submitted in the next meeting,\" he said.The PMC's main building is one of the busiest administrative premises in the city. There are over 20 important departments where around 2,500 employees work. These departments include building, road, water, tax, land records, audit and accounting.\"The PMC prepared a report a couple of years ago and took action. Another report on the same lines can be prepared,\" said K C Karkar, deputy commissioner, who looks after the labour department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440064", "title": "Wife attempts suicide after husband humiliated by Khap", "text": "JAIPUR: Humiliated by the diktat of a khap panchayat in which her husband, facing charges of trespassing and theft, was forced to walk in the village with a garland of shoes, a 25-year-old woman attempted suicide by consuming pesticide.Though police initially refuted reports of any khap congregation at 7LC village under Vijay Nagar police station area in Sriganganagar district, they registered a case on Wednesday against 12 people after the woman's suicide attempt of the woman.According to the sources, the woman identified as Suman Meghwal (25) was upset with the diktat of the khap panchayat, in which it had asked her husband to walk along with donning of a shoes garland in the village on June 23. Her husband Mukesh Meghwal (27) was facing charges of trespassing into his neighbour's house, a week ago.Facing humiliation, the woman consumed pesticide late on Tuesday night. Though the woman survived and was undergoing treatment at government hospital in Raisingh Nagar of Sriganganagar district, police swung into action and registered a case of abetment of suicide against 12 people including the sarpanch (head panch) of 7LC village.\"Preliminary investigations suggested that a panchayat found the man Mukesh guilty of trespassing and theft. We are investigating the matter to find out what was his punishment that led his wife to attempt suicide,\" a senior police officer with the Vijay Nagar police station said.Talking to mediapersons at the hospital on Wednesday, the woman alleged that her husband was innocent and was dragged into such a case with ill-intentions. \"Some people are also threatening us to withdraw cases against them and asked us to keep mum over the issue,\" she said.Meghwal also alleged that some of policemen were also patronizing members of the khap panchayat and demanded an independent probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14459878", "title": "Financial planning for freshers at work", "text": "One of the most exhilarating aspects of a first job is making a living on your own. But freshers need to realise the vitality of handling that money better by the way of sound investing and financial planning, says Arshie ChevalwalaThe corporate world advances at a subtle but determined pace into the global arena. Alongside achieving unremitted progress, it calls upon its inhabitants to match stride. That being said, it is well played that a big part of one's job are the compensation packages. However, what's more important is how one handles that money they strive so hard to make.As an employer, it is the responsibility of a company to provide financial literacy programmes for their employees. Ajit Menon, executive director, organisation development, DDB Mudra Group says, \"Employees do not have patience. All they want to know is how much money they will receive in hand every month so that they can decide where to spend it. They forget that with the changing business dynamics, they could lose a job as quickly as they find it. Hence, it is important that employers educate them about savings, tax benefits, filing returns, investments etc.\"Although there are no laws forcing employers to provide financial education or employee sponsored plans, there are guidelines for employers to provide a minimum level of education for them. These guidelines serve to protect both the employer and the employee. Companies that take a proactive stance at helping their employees with personal finance, investing and retirement plans can appear as an employer who cares about their employees. \"Through the financial literacy programme, employees get educated on how to save for a rainy day; how they lose money to taxes; how small investments can lead to larger returns and how these investments help them realise their dreams early. These are all vital lessons of one's corporate life cycle,\" says Menon.Employees under financial stress can be toxic to the productivity and morale of a company. Financial education not only offers advantages in attracting, rewarding and retaining employees but also hleps create an environment that is more productive, profitable and conducive to business. Some leading employers are already implementing financial education programmes not only as a part of their retirement programme but as a holistic approach to health and wellness. Arshia Syed, a media relations trainee at Raindrop Media Pvt Ltd divulges, \"Keeping in mind the instability of the economy, employees need to realise the importance of financial planning and literacy. Whatever an employer does to assist their workforce in the said matter is an added benefit.\"So, what is it that conglomerates are doing to make their workforce financially literate? Rajiv Vij, CEO, Carzonrent (I) Pvt Ltd answers, \"Assisting and supporting employees in their financial planning objectives is a very important initiative taken by companies today.The objective of such initiatives is to guide the employee with expert advice and suggestions on how to build a habit of saving and making investments to generate good returns. Young employees joining an organisation find the information extremely useful as the company can provide credible information and various options to the employees.Carzonrent invites financial experts and wealth managers to share various options from time-totime. Companies should strive to get the companies which offer financial services to make special offers to the employees. This helps the employees form a habit of saving from an early stage and assists them in identification of good investment opportunities.\"Thus, while the economy fluctuates and job market oscillates, it is of utmost importance that employees, who have recently debuted into the corporate arena or otherwise, make wise decisions about financial planning and systematise their monetary worth responsibly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14447033", "title": "Allahabad University: Results of BA UGAT declared", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University on Wednesday declared the results of BA UGAT. The results have been uploaded on university website www.auadmissions.co.in.The entrance for BA UGAT was conducted on May 12. Out of 19,692 candidates registered for the test, 18,814 appeared. The test was held at 34 centres in the city. In the city, 16,940 aspirants appeared, i.e, 96%, which was 1% more than the last year. At the centres outside the city, more than 90% candidates appeared in the test, 5% more than the last year. Apart from Allahabad, the test was held at Bareilly, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Patna , Bhubaneswar, Bhopal and New Delhi.The top three positions in the BA entrance merit have been bagged by Ashish Tiwari (roll number 10906350), Sandeep Mishra (roll number 11006801) and Jalaluddin respectively.Although many candidates have scored well in the entrance, 27 candidates have scored only one mark, 11 candidates have got 0 and 14 have scored -1. The merit has gone as below as -61 mark.AU officials said though there has been delay in the declaration of results, admissions would be concluded within the set time frame and the academic session would not get delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445801", "title": "Won't go Gowda's way: Jagadish Shettar to Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as there's increasing speculation about a likely change of guard at the helm, power minister Shobha Karandlaje reportedly got her cabinet colleague Jagadish Shettar to give a commitment to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa that he would protect his interests if he was made chief minister.With the race for CM's post hotting up, Yeddyurappa reportedly took an assurance from rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) minister Shettar that he would not go the DV Sadananda Gowda way after becoming chief minister. All this reportedly happened at Yeddyurappa's Dollar's Colony residence soon after he returned from Jindal Naturecure Institute on Tuesday.At the institute, Shobha reportedly questioned Yeddyurappa why he was batting for Shettar's candidature when the latter had opposed his every political move in the past. Citi ng past incidents like min8ing baron G Janardhana Reddy's unsuccessful coup to unseat Yeddyurapa in 2009, which resulted in him dropping her from the cabinet, Shobha complained that Shettar was behind the drama. This apart, she cited several other cases, sources said. Shobha is also believed to have objected to BJP state chief KS Eshwarappa meeting Yeddyurappa on Sunday and seeking support.Sources said prior to Shobha leaving for New Delhi on official work on Tuesday, Yeddyurappa convened a meeting of Shettar, ministers Basavaraj Bommai and M P Renukacharya where she was present. Several issues were discussed which also included Gowda, who had annou8n8ced while taking charge that he'd give up the CM's post anytime Yeddyurappa wanted.\"Shobha expressed doubts about Shettar's commitment to Yeddyurappa in case he became CM,\" sources at the meeting told TOI. After hearing her out, Yeddyurappa got Shettar to give him a solemn assurance. Later, the former CM is said to asked Shobha to bury the hatchet and stressed on the need for unity in the camp. When contacted, Shettar said no such incident took place and the group took a collective decision to support him as the CM candidate.Before taking over from Yeddyurappa, Gowda is said to have taken a vow in the Yeddyurappa's puja room that he would be his loyalist and relinquish the post whenever BSY wanted him to.\"By touching the Shiva Linga and flowers in the puja room in the presence of some legislators, Gowda made the promise,\" said a MLA from Chikmagalur, who was present then. Over time, Yeddyurappa and Gowda have fallen out due to changed political equations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460084", "title": "Dietary fiber nurtures good bacteria", "text": "Dietary fiber promotes a shift in the gut toward different types of beneficial bacteria, according to a University of Illinois study.And the microbes that live in the gut, scientists now believe, can support a healthy gastrointestinal tract as well as affect our susceptibility to conditions as varied as type 2 diabetes , obesity , inflammatory bowel disease, colon cancer , and autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis.As these microbes ferment fiber in the intestine, short-chain fatty acids and other metabolites are produced, resulting in many health benefits for the host, said Kelly Swanson, a U of I professor of animal sciences.\"When we understand what kinds of fiber best nurture these health-promoting bacteria, we should be able to modify imbalances to support and improve gastrointestinal health,\" he said.This research suggests that fiber is good for more than laxation, which means helping food move through the intestines, he added.\"Unfortunately, people eat only about half of the 30 to 35 grams of daily fiber that is recommended. To achieve these health benefits, consumers should read nutrition labels and choose foods that have high fiber content,\" said Swanson.In the placebo-controlled, double-blind intervention study, 20 healthy men with an average fiber intake of 14 grams a day were given snack bars to supplement their diet. The control group received bars that contained no fiber; a second group ate bars that contained 21 grams of polydextrose, which is a common fiber food additive; and a third group received bars with 21 grams of soluble corn fiber.On days 16-21, fecal samples were collected from the participants, and researchers used the microbial DNA they obtained to identify which bacteria were present. DNA was then subjected to 454 pyrosequencing, a \"fingerprinting\" technique that provides a snapshot of all the bacterial types present.Both types of fiber affected the abundance of bacteria at the phyla, genus, and species level. When soluble corn fiber was consumed, Lactobacillus, often used as a probiotic for its beneficial effects on the gut, increased. Faecalibacterium populations rose in the groups consuming both types of fiber.According to Swanson, the shifts in bacteria seen in this study\u2014which occurred when more and differing types of fiber were consumed\u2014were the opposite of what you would find in a person who has poor gastrointestinal health. That leads him to believe that there are new possibilities for using pre- and probiotics to promote intestinal health.\"For example, one type of bacteria that thrived as a result of the types of fiber fed in this study is inherently anti-inflammatory, and their growth could be stimulated by using prebiotics, foods that promote the bacteria's growth, or probiotics, foods that contain the live microorganism,\" he said.The study will appear in the July 2012 issue of the Journal of Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14437509", "title": "'Devaluation of hurts tyre sector'", "text": "KOCHI: The rupee devaluation is driving up import cost of raw materials, said Vikram Malhotra, VP for marketing and sales with JK Tyre &amp; Industries Ltd. He was talking to reporters in Kochi on Wednesday.\"Had the rupee been stronger, we could have been talking about dropping prices, but the 15% devaluation of the rupee in two months is huge,\" Malhotra said. However, domestic prices of rubber are still 3-5% higher than that of imported rubber, he noted.\"The cost of raw materials has come down or been stable, but whatever gains we made have been negated by devaluation of the rupee. If devaluation continues, our margins will be affected,\" Malhotra warned. \"The effects of the slowdown in the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)market will come into effect by August. As far as car sales are concerned, the second half is always better,\" Malhotra said.\"We have a window of opportunity for exports to the EU, but most of the companies don't export any significant quantities to Europe. We are more into South America , Middle East and Africa ,\" he noted.Malhotra also said the company is planning to widen the network of Steel Wheels, the sales outlets of JK Tyre that offer wheel alignment, balancing and related services in the state.\"In the next three months, we are planning another three Steel Wheels showrooms in South Kerala.Steel Wheels is very important to our strategic network in the country.Today, we have 131 Steel Wheels and within the next year should cross 200 showrooms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448934", "title": "Voted for the first time, updated on facebook", "text": "KANPUR: The excitement and thrill was clearly visible among the first-time voters who flaunted their black ink mark on their fingers after casting their vote in the civic elections held on Wednesday. Interestingly, many of them shared their first voting experience with their friends on social networking sites. Many city youths updated their status with tags like, 'I have become adult', voted for the first time' and many more.\"I loved it...hearing the EVM beep for the first time when I pressed it,\" status of Aniket Shukla, the first time voter in ward-24, in Kidwai Nagar.Shivangi Agarwal, another first-time voter from ward number 47, wrote her status, \"It feels great, I am first time feeling like an adult who can take some decisions for the benefit of society.\"\"Voted for the very first time...feels great to get involved in politics,\" updated Shristi Tiwari on her facebook who was also a first-time voter from Shastri Nagar.Kartikeya, a first-time voter and fashion designer in Ward-66 said, \" I am voting for the first time. Though I know only my vote will not make any difference but I would like that such candidates should win who can understand urban problems and meet the expectations of youths in developing infrastructure.\"Another first-time voter, Chirag Singhal, engineer in a private firm, said that the campaigning conducted by the candidates participating for local corporator-ship had managed to create interest among youth who were earlier not even aware of the difference between assembly and municipal election.Meanwhile, there were many first time voters who chose their candidates based on their popularity and public opinion. Many took help of their elder friends and family persons. While, many just voted to have fun.Ayesha, a 20-year-old said that she was not having voter ID card so could not vote earlier.\"I was clueless initially about whom to vote. But I feel I made a good choice, as I voted whom my father was voting. I know most candidates don't keep their promises later, but I think I have the power to make a candidate win or lose. So I voted,\" she added.Shikha, Afsha, Nidhi and Mamta, another young brigade echoed similar sentiments as Ayesha, who casted their votes as told by their parents, yet felt a proud part of first-time voter list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14445529", "title": "Counselling for MU PG courses to start tomorrow", "text": "Mangalore: Mangalore University will conduct centralized counselling for admission to all post-graduate courses offered by it on its post-graduate campus at Mangalagangothri here as well as in its two constituent colleges for the academic year 2012-13.The counselling for sciences courses is scheduled to be held at the old senate hall of the science complex on Friday and that for arts and commerce courses will be held on Saturday at the same venue. This time around, there was no entrance test for the admissions to these courses.The consolidated list of candidates, who have applied for various post-graduate courses and those selected from them, is on the university website www.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in and it is also displayed on the notice boards of the respective post-graduate departments. Students, who are on the selection list, should submit their original marks list and other certificates on the counselling day and should appear with prescribed fee at 10am at the venue. The names of the students, who are not on the selection list, but whose names have appeared on the consolidated list, should come for counselling at 12 noon on the respective dates along with the prescribed fee. \"The seats for students listed on the consolidated list will be distributed on merit-cum-roster system of reservation,\" registrar K Chinappa Gowda said.The constituent colleges of the university are University College here and Field Marshal KM Cariappa College in Madikeri.The university has formed a centralized admission committee to address issues related to the new process. The committee will have lists of all the departments. As students know the status of their applications in different departments by June 28, they can decide and pick a course of their choice.Earlier, the departments conducted the admissions on different dates. The students applying for the admission in multiple departments would have to wait before zeroing in on a course. \"Hitherto, students used to hop from one department to another during the admission time. Till the last academic year, the admission process roughly took two-weeks. This year, the admissions to PG courses will be over in two days,\" the registrar said.The university for logistical reasons had shifted the counselling centre from the new senate hall located in the Aadalitha Soudha building to the old senate hall in the science complex, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443931", "title": "Now, view property records online from anywhere", "text": "PANAJI: Taking another step towards e-governance, state chief minister Manohar Parrikar along with revenue minister Francis D'Souza, on Wednesday launched 'Dharnaksh', a web-based land records system that will enable citizens anywhere in the world to view map outlines of properties in Goa on the internet and even take print-outs after making payments. The actual website will be functional from Thursday evening.North Goa collector and director of the directorate of settlement and land records ( DSLR) Mihir Vardhan demonstrated how the system works in a presentation at the conference hall of the government secretariat, Porvorim.While Parrikar said that this is the first such system in the entire country where people can view live records of the land, D'Souza said 'Dharnaksh' was a major step in land records for Goa.He said that if one needs certified copies of the printout of a stretch of land, one will either have to personally come to the land records office or obtain the certified copies through post. Printouts are only possible after making payments online through a gateway. It is said that the system will be particularly useful to the Goan diaspora.Earlier in 2010, the state government had introduced the web-based 'Land Records Information System', but that only showed the details of the forms I and XIV. It did not show the actual map of the property. The present 'Dharnaksh' system shows the actual outline map of the properties along with the structures in it, the area, the survey number, ownership, etc.'Dharnaksh' has been created by Goa Electronics Limited, a Goa government subsidiary, over a two-year period at a cost of about 185-lakh. Vardhan said the word 'Dharnaksh' is a combination of two Sanskrit words 'dharni' meaning land and 'naksh' meaning map.Hard copies of land records of various government departments like sports, Dabolim airport, Mopa, etc were also handed over to the respective department heads at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14444043", "title": "Moves afoot to oust Rebello as S Goa zilla panchayat chief", "text": "MARGAO: Moves are under way at the South Goa zilla panchayat (ZP) to effect a change of guard in the district-level panchayati raj institution with several members grouping together to move a no-confidence motion against the incumbent chairperson zilla Maria Rebello.Sources said that though some of the members have signed the no-confidence motion, they are waiting for the chairperson to step down before the motion is tabled. Significantly, this comes on the heels of the ZP members meeting chief minister Manohar Parrikar and panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar, expressing their desire to oust Rebello.ZP member Domnick Gaonkar, who is among those who took the lead to galvanize opinion in favour of moving the no-confidence motion said that the move was prompted by the sole desire to carry out uniform development in all the constituencies. \"It was then PWD minister Churchill Alemao who had appointed Rebello the chairperson. Now with the BJP government in power, it definitely helps to have a chairperson who will be able to pursue with the government the demands for devolution of fund and powers,\" Gaonkar said.Echoing Gaonkar's views, Daya Pagi, another ZP member, said that it was just a matter of time before the new chairperson would take over the reins of the South Goa zilla panchayat.Following the zilla panchayat elections in March 2010, Alemao had backed Rebello who was elected unopposed.Supporting the ouster move is BJP's Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai who was spotted at a meeting of the ZP members held at a city hotel to discuss their plans.Speaking to TOI, Phaldesai confirmed that he attended the meeting for a brief while, but expressed his ignorance over what decision was finally taken. He, however, said that he had accompanied a delegation of the South Goa ZP members that met the chief minister recently.\"As I was once a ZP member, I know how difficult it is for the elected representatives to carry out uniform development in their respective constituencies with the low funds sanctioned to the ZP bodies for development. The chief minister has assured them of his support for uniform development. It is essential that the chairperson maintains cordial relations with the chief minister to pursue the development plans. They have, therefore, decided to appoint a new chairperson,\" Phaldesai said, indicating that the new incumbent will, in all probability, be a BJP-affiliated member.However, the names of Sancoale ZP member Aparna Naik and Chinchinim ZP member Sabrina Dias, were doing the rounds as frontrunners for the top post. The post is reserved for women.Rebello, when contacted, expressed her displeasure over the manner adopted by her fellow ZP members to effect a change of guard. \"Where was the need for them to meet the chief minister and the panchayat minister? Had they told me to step down, I would have gladly done so. Even now, I am willing to step down if they so desire, but let the decision be taken at the meeting attended by all the members. If they still want to go ahead with the no-confidence motion, let them,\" a visibly-agitated Rebello said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443825", "title": "Parrikar dismisses Ram Sena as 'altu-faltu'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday again refused to comment on the Hindu fundamentalist organization, the Shri Ram Sena, saying he did not want to comment on some altu-faltu people.Asked whether he would attend the inauguration of the Goa branch of the Shri Ram Sena as announced by its founder the Karnataka-based Pramod Mutalik, a visibly irked Parrikar said, \"Is the chief minister of a state so cheap that he can think of such manipulative invitations? Why should I give weightage to such altu-faltu people?\"Earlier in the month, during a Hindu conference in Goa, Mutalik had announced plans to launch a Shri Ram Sena branch in Goa to preserve the Hindu culture of the state and to curb the pub-and-club culture in Goa.Parrikar had retorted by promising stern action against anyone who sought to take the law into his own hands. Mutalik only repeated his plan saying he would invite Parrikar for the inauguration.Earlier in 2009, the Goa administration had banned Muthalik's entry into Goa, after reports that he was planning to set up a Shri Ram Sena unit in Goa.Muthalik's remarks about setting up shop in Goa created a public outcry here, with even the hospitality industry voicing its deep apprehensions.Shri Ram Sena gained notoriety after its activists attacked citizens, including women, in a Mangalore pub, on the pretext of protecting Indian culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448064", "title": "Congress exposes Suryavanshi-CM link", "text": "BHOPAL: The state Congress on Wednesday gave photographic evidence of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's close friendship with billionaire contractor Dilip Suryavanshi, who is currently under the Income Tax department scanner.Flashing a photograph of Madhya Pradesh chief minister and Suryavanshi together, the Congress' leader of Opposition in the state assembly, Ajay Singh, on Wednesday demanded that Chouhan should break his silence on his alleged close links with Suryavanshi, whose premises were raided by the Income Tax department last week.\"Suryavanshi has close associations with the chief minister and has accumulated massive wealth in just a couple of years. This friendship between a builder and the chief minister has raised a number of doubts after the IT raids at Suryavanshi residential and office premises. It is time for the chief minister to come clean and clarify the extent of his proximity with the builder,'' Ajay Singh told newsmen here.Targeting state BJP office-bearer and mining king Sudhir Sharma, whose premises were also raided by the IT department, the Congress argued that Sharma was only a teacher who became Madhya Pradesh's highest tax payer within a span of less than a decade. Ajay Singh argued that it was shocking how a teacher, who also happened to be the chief of the state BJP education wing, amassed huge wealth worth crores and even owned a private aircraft.During last week's extensive raids on 60 properties connected to Suryavanshi and Sharma, the IT sleuths came across a licensed firearm allegedly belonging to state minister for mining Laxmikant Sharma. The firearm was recovered from a premise owned by Sharma.Congress smelt a rat between the minister for mining and a local BJP leader, who became a mining giant within a short span of time.The Congress party accused that the Suryavanshi and Sharma combine under the protection of the ruling BJP have plundered the natural wealth of the state and turned billionaires. Ajay Singh claimed that the Congress brought a no-confidence motion against the Chouhan government last November when in the state assembly his party MLAs repeatedly pointed out at the sudden and huge wealth amassed by Sharma. The party claimed they had even narrated Sharma's rags to riches story on the floor of the House.Asked about newspaper reports accusing Congress leaders also to be close to Suryavanshi, Ajay Singh denied the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447865", "title": "Give security to blind man, daughter: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi police commissioner was asked by the Delhi high court on Wednesday to provide security to a blind man and his daughter after they were allegedly threatened by the man's former wife.Directing the police to file a status report by July 23, a vacation bench of Justice V K Jain ordered the Delhi police chief to give security to the man and his 14-year-old daughter. The bench issued notice to the ex-wife and her father to respond to the man's plea where he had alleged his ex-wife had been threatening them ever since he had brought back his daughter.In his petition, Delhi resident Syed Mohammed said that he had married his ex-wife in 1997 and the girl was born in 1998. Just after the birth of their daughter, the couple separated, he added.According to the man, it was mutually agreed at the time of divorce that the custody of their daughter would be given to the father after two-three years. However, this did not happen and the daughter was staying with her mother till last month.Seeking protection, the man alleged that his daughter would call him from Bangalore saying that her mother did not treat her well and she was not allowed to study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443350", "title": "Civic panel seeks report on internal transfers", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has sought a report on the appointments of engineers and their internal transfers in different departments of the civic body.\"It is expected that the officials should change departments every three years. The data available with us shows that many engineers and officers have been transferred to different departments, but they have not taken charge. Some officials have been working in the same department for years,\" Vishal Tambe, member of the standing committee, said on Wednesday.Many officials sought appointments in departments like building, roads and tax. Some were transferred but were still working in their previous departments which was causing problems in the offices they had been posted to. Getting manpower has become a problem for the civic body, Tambe said.\"We have submitted a list of such officials to the civic administration at a standing committee meeting. Now, a report has been sought which will be submitted in the next meeting,\" he said.The PMC's main building is one of the busiest administrative premises in the city. There are over 20 important departments where around 2,500 employees work. These departments include building, road, water, tax, land records, audit and accounting.\"The PMC prepared a report a couple of years ago and took action. Another report on the same lines can be prepared,\" said K C Karkar, deputy commissioner, who looks after the labour department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14449693", "title": "Teacher donates tubewell for Maharashtra\u2019s tribals", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of tribals living in the remote forests of Maharashtra's Yavatmal district rejoiced when fresh and cool water started gushing out in full force from a tubewell in the parched Nandgaon locality.The tubewell, among four drilled this week out of donations from Ludhiana's school and college students, was the brainchild of Manish Dedhwal, a teacher of BCM High School, Ludhiana.The Nandgaon tubewell is dedicated to the memory of 11-year-old Monu Kapoor, who succumbed to leukemia and was denied water in his last moments as he had lost his lungs. \"His mother Rama Kapoor, an English teacher in BCM school, was heartbroken as he was her only child. She made an instant donation of Rs 51,000 for the project, saying no child should be deprived of water,\" said Dedhwal.The newly-drilled tubewell was inaugurated on Monday at a solemn prayer ceremony with Monu's picture garlanded and all villagers standing in silence.Dedhwal and Jitender Kumar, a student of the Guru Nanak Engineering College, had visited Yavatmal last December on a field trip after hearing of the large number of farmers' suicides in the region.\"We were shocked to see women and children trudging with vessels on their heads for 8-10 km to collect drinking water from wells or polluted water sources in forests,\" Kumar.They assured villagers that they would do something for them and returned to Ludhiana. \"We formed the 'Friends of Vidarbha Club' in our city and appealed to our students, colleagues and others for donations. People started chipping in as per their capacity and we collected around Rs 2,00,000, including Rama's generous donation,\" Dedhwal said.Manish Dedhwal, a teacher of BCM High School, and Jitender Kumar, a student of the Guru Nanak Engineering College, travelled over 1,500 km from Ludhiana to Yavatmal in Maharashtra last week to help dig tubewells for tribals in the area with donations from Ludhiana's school and college kids. They identified four villages \u2014 Kundi, Ambazari, Hivara and Nandgaon \u2014 in dire need of water.Local contractors were hired to drill tube-wells in each of these parched villages and struck water at average depths of 400 feet, since it is the peak of summer and monsoon clouds have eluded the region so far, Kumar said.\"Besides, we have installed submersible pumps, electric motors, and connecting pipelines at strategic locations so that people get ample water daily,\" Dedhwal explained. Each tubewell cost about Rs 50,000. \"We are happy that we could fulfil our promise of bringing drinking water to the doorsteps of these villagers and hope that we are able to do more,\" said a pleased-but-weary Dedhwal.He also shared that Friends of Vidarbha Club has got the endorsement of a leading medico and social worker Shantakumar Verma and donations are still coming. Both Kumar and Dedhwal said after collecting sufficient funds, on their next trip, they plan to construct a small hospital for the benefit of tribals as they are in dire need of good medicare.The duo admitted that this would require huge funds but were confident that the people of Ludhiana would chip in for the noble venture.Suresh Bolanwar, a local villager who is also coordinating the project, said this is the first time people have seen water in such abundance right next to their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443842", "title": "Patna University teachers shy away from computerized evaluation", "text": "PATNA: In an age when even schoolchildren are well versed in computer applications, most university teachers are shying away from using computers. As a result, Patna University (PU) is facing difficulties in conducting computerized evaluation of answer books.With a view to expediting flawless evaluation of answer scripts of degree Part-I science examination and ensuring timely publication of examination results, the PU introduced computerized evaluation this year. All the answer books of BSc Part-I honours students were scanned and uploaded on computers. But when the evaluation started, the examiners started refusing the evaluation work on one pretext or the other. As most teachers are not computer literate, they don't find themselves comfortable in this job and politely refused to examine the copy. It is surprising that even in subjects like mathematics and statistics, the examiners did not turn up for evaluation.When the head of PU mathematics department was asked to suggest the names of some teachers for evaluation work, he simply wrote to the university that no teacher of the department would be able to handle computerized evaluation. In statistics, too, not a single teacher has reported so far for evaluation work, said PU geology department head and evaluation director V S Dube.However, some teachers, who had not operated computers earlier, are doing computerized evaluation quite enthusiastically. A zoology teacher, S D Singh, who retired from PU about two decades back, is doing the job and finds no problem in handling the computer.PU computer centre in charge, K P Singh, said technical assistance was being provided to all the examiners who turned up for evaluation. Computer experts in sufficient number have been deployed at the evaluation centre to guide the neo-computer literates in evaluation work. He pointed out that free computer training camps had been organized for PU teachers on a number of occasions in the past and more such camps could be organized if the teachers so desired.Examiners are being given their own codes for computerized evaluation. As soon as the examiner enters his code, he would be able to access the answer books he is to evaluate, said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14461173", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority has maximum pending complaints under RTI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) has earned a dubious distinction, as far as providing information under the RTI Act is concerned. The state information commissioner Brijesh Kumar Mishra has directed the secretary, LDA, to appear personally before the commission, on Thursday, and explain why LDA does not dispose off first appeals.The commissioner ordered the secretary to personally appear on June 21, the day there were 27 complaints registered against LDA for hearing. The commission, in fact, has disposed off thousands of other complaints against LDA in the past. \"It clearly indicates that the first appeals authority of LDA is not functional,\" said information commissioner Brijesk Kumar Mishra.The commissioner had directed the official to appear before the commission on Tuesday. But, the official did not appear, after which the commissioner re-ordered for him to appear on Thursday.As per the rule, the first appeals authority, which is the senior-level official of the department, has to dispose off the first appeals within 30 days of getting it. Under special circumstances, the time of disposal can be extended to 45 days. But, in most of the government departments, first appeal authority is almost redundant which is the reason why commission receives lot of complaints.As laid down in the RTI Act, the applicant files the first appeal with the appellate authority of the department when he does not get the information from the public information officer. In case, the appellate authority does not respond, the applicant is required to file the complaint with the commission.The commission receives lots of complaints against LDA. The commissioner, therefore, directed the official to appear before the commission and inform about the pending first appeals with him. The official, who is also the first appeals authority of LDA, will have to inform about the duration since when the first appeals are pending and how many such appeals have been disposed off by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444252", "title": "Vadodara kids shine in state-level tennis tourney", "text": "VADODARA: City-based girl Varija Shah, a student of Navrachna School, Sama, bagged two trophies in the girls U-12 category in the Gujarat State Ranking Lawn Tennis Tournament recently organized by Bal Bhavan Tennis Academy. She bagged the top position in U-12 category and ended as runners-up in the U-14 category. Shah also reached quarterfinals in the national lawn tennis tournament organized by All India Tennis Association.Another city-based girl Punarva Shah also emerged as winner in the Under-8 category of boys and girls and semifinalist in the U-10 girls' category. Avni Prapanna won the title in the girl's under-14 category. Anish lal bagged the runner's up position and Herak Vora reached the semifinals in the boy's under-10 event. Soumya Vig won the national tourney organized by AITA in U-18 girls category. The children were coached by Darshan Mehta and Chintan Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14442063", "title": "One killed, 4 injured in civic poll violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: One person was killed and four injured in violent clashes between supporters of two candidates in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. Minor clashes were reported from Agra, Kanpur, Baghpat in which at least a dozen persons were injured. In another incident, two policemen were killed in Unnao when the bus ferrying a poll party overturned.In Ghaziabad, it was well after polling of votes was over that supporters of a candidate came face to face with those of the rival candidate following which a free for all ensued. Since the police were present near the polling stations, they responded quickly and dispersed the mob.However, the police intervention remained a temporary relief as a group of supporters of one candidate reached the house of the supporters of the rival candidate and resorted to heavy stone pelting followed by heavy exchange of fire between the two sides. One person was shot dead and four others suffered bullet wounds.Similar reports of clashes were reported from ward number 8 in Bardaut police circle of Baghpat and Bagahi locality of Kanpur.In Unnao, two policemen were killed when the bus carrying a poll party and ballot boxes which the victims were escorting overturned near Gopamau under Sikandarpur police station. The incident took place when the poll party was on its way to the district headquarters after the polling concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14445733", "title": "CFTRI training programme ends", "text": "Mysore: Ten trainers from the Centre for Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development (C-STED) participated in a five-day free training programme organized by the Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI) to understand the finer aspects of food technology. The event concluded on Tuesday.Eleven technologies developed by the institute were disseminated to C-STED, an autonomous body under the government of Kerala for setting up of a livelihood support unit in food sector at a girls' juvenile home in Kozhikode.The technologies included preparation of popular value added products from fruits, vegetables, cereals and spices. The proposed unit will assist in rehabilitation of inmates of women's home, orphanages and old age homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14440495", "title": "Bank manager held for demanding bribe", "text": "BIKANER: A team of anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Wednesday arrested a bank manager of State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 6,000 from a farmer to increase his loan limit.Deputy SP, ACB Niyaj Mohammad said the agency received a complaint from one Hukmaram, a farmer from Swaroopsar village, that one Bhanu Pratap, a manager at the SBBJ branch in Kakku village was demanding bribe of Rs 8,000 for increasing his loan limit. The manager demanded the money through a mediator Loonaram Jat.The farmer agreed to pay an advance of Rs 6,000 and the remaining amount after completion of work.After verifying the complaint, a trap was laid. As per the plan, Hukmaram went to bank and handed over the money to Bhanu Pratap in his cabin.The ACB sleuths caught him red handed and recovered the cash from his possession.The team also recovered Rs 1.17 lakh during the search operation. Another Rs 2.5 lakh was found deposited in various accounts of the manager.A case under appropriate sections of Prevention of Corruption Act was registered against him. He will be produced in the court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14444022", "title": "Allen takes charge as SP of South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Allen de Sa took charge as the new South Goa superintendent of police on Wednesday, replacing Arvind Gawas, who has been posted as the SP-headquarters.De Sa also chaired a meeting of senior citizens held at the South Goa police headquarters, Margao, on Wednesday, where they were advised to exercise abundant caution when dealing with strangers.De Sa told them about his plans to have a control room for senior citizens at the Margao police station with a view to address the security concerns of the elderly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14447857", "title": "Why Bayern losing Champs League was good", "text": "KOCHI: Did Bayern Munich do Germany a favour by losing the Champions League final?If you look at history as a guide for what is going to happen and if you believe in omens, then the answer could be, YES!History suggests that the nation, whose club side wins the Champions League (or European Cup as it was initially known) in the same year as the European Championships, has close to no chance of winning the latter.Ever since the Euros started in 1960, only once has a country won the quadrennial tournament to be named Europe's top footballing nation, in the same year as one of their clubs having won Europe's leading club competition.That country was the Netherlands back in 1988, who won the Euros after PSV Eindhoven had bagged the European Cup beating Benfica. Five members of that PSV side were part of the Dutch squad. But the statistical oddity created by the Oranje is consistent with the nature of a side, who despite having one of the strongest teams at most tournaments, always managed to buck the odds by faltering on the big stage.So leaving aside that aberration, winning the Champions League seems to portent doom ahead at the Euros and in that light, Bastian Schweinsteiger's penalty miss against Chelsea in Munich might turn out to be not so bad after all!To further interest the soothsayers, the last time a German club made it to the final of the European Cup in the same year as the Euros was back in 1979-80, when Hamburg finished runners-up. West Germany won the Euros that year.Also, the team Hamburg lost the final to? Another English club in Nottingham Forest! Just coincidence? Or do the numbers foresee fate?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14459659", "title": "Employees will have to pay for Mumbai Mantralaya fire", "text": "MUMBAI: In light of the fire tragedy at Mantralaya on June 21, the state administration has said that a section of state employees will not receive their entire monthly salaries this month.With four floors of the main building completely gutted in the fire, a large number of documents and files were burnt in the fire.According to state officials, files containing details of salary and pay grades of a section of employees was also lost in the fire. While the process of reconstruction of these files is ongoing, a senior state official said that the administration will disburse a fixed amount as leave salary advance for such cases.The amount, the official added, would be adjusted against actual salary deliverables after reconstruction of the data. The state general administration department also faces a daunting task of recreating confidential reports and service books of employees that were destroyed in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14458955", "title": "Fire scare drives Rihanna out of hotel", "text": "Rihanna was forced to make an emergency evacuation from her hotel in London at 6 a.m. on Wednesday, after an elevator shaft caught fire.The 24-year-old singer was one of the 300 guests who were forced to wait outside the 'Corinthian in Whitehall Place' in the early hours while fire fighters attended the scene.The sleepy star tweeted a picture of her bundled up in the back of a taxi in a grey hoodie and sunglasses as she opted to take a ride around the city, instead of waiting outside.\"Roamin da streets since 6am! Fyah in da telly,\" the New York Post quoted her as tweeting.A London Fire Brigade spokesman said that no one was injured in the blaze but the fire did cause a small amount of damage to an elevator on the 7th floor of the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460802", "title": "Vikram praises Karthi", "text": "The Raavanan actor said that this young actor had a lot of potentialThe latest news that is creating waves in the city is that actor Vikram in a recent interview was all praise for a young actor. According to the actor, Karthi has tremendous potential among the new stars.And why? It was Karthi's mannerisms, smile and acting that were his plus points according to him. Karthi's Saguni was supposed to have had a tremendous opening but the movie has been floundering since the opening weekend. Vikram also has not had a good run for the last two years with many flops. Here's hoping the two see more success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "14440517", "title": "Day after suicide by woman and 2 kids, family in shock", "text": "JODHPUR : As police attempt to find the cause of suicide by a woman and her two children by jumping in front of the Varanasi - Johdpur train at Jajiwal near Jodhpur, the family of the woman is in a state of deep shock and unable to utter a single word before the police.The woman along with her daughter and son had jumped in front of the train on Tuesday evening at Jajiwal station, some 30 km from here. Later, the woman and her children were identified as Mallu Devi Jat (35), Guddi (12) and Surendra (10) of Sofad village in Bhopalgarh constituency, some 40 km away from the spot of the suicide.\"We had gone to her house on Wednesday but the husband or any other member of the family were so grief struck that they were not in position to utter a single word regarding this suicide,\" Anil Purohit, SHO of GRP station said.\"The cause of death could only be known only after getting the statements of her husband and her family members. However, villagers said couple's life was going on smoothly and there was no issue apparently, which could have prompted Mallu Devi to take an extreme step like this and that too with her 2 children,\" Purohit said.Meanwhile, the police are also in the process of recording the statements of the driver and guard of the train, which had run over the woman and the children. Preliminary investigations said Mallu Devi with her children appeared on the tracks suddenly and sat on the track holding each other when the train was hardly 100 feet away.\"Before the train could stop, as the distance was so short for the driver to stop the train, the trio was run over,\" Purohit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14439232", "title": "Two officials hurt in anti-encroachment drive", "text": "SURAT: Two officers of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) were attacked by scrap dealers in Kadarsha ni Naal area on Wednesday during a drive to raze encroachments.The officers lodged a complaint against the scrap dealers, who were also booked for obstructing government officials on duty.Sanitary inspector Jakir Khatri and sub-sanitary inspector of SMC's central zone office Sanjay Parmar had gone with a team at Kadarsha ni Naal for cleaning and encroachment removal exercise. They asked the scrap traders to remove the scrap kept on road, which led to heated arguments between them.Before the SMC staffers could start the clearing work, the locals attacked and injured them. SMC team had to escape from the location and police was informed about the incident.Soon, a police team arrived at the spot and the encroachment drive started again. The victims sustained injuries on face and other body parts as they were slapped by the scrap traders and their staff.After police arrived, the scrap was removed using JCB and within minutes, the area was cleared.Scrap traders have encroached the roads in Kadarsha ni Naal for many years. Due to the encroachment, waterlogging is a common problem in the area, which leads to outbreak of diseases during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440385", "title": "Steel units hit as iron ore production dips", "text": "NAGPUR: A clamp down on iron ore mines both due to cases of illegal mining as well as damage to environment has brought down the output for 2011-12 by 18%. According to latest figures compiled by city-headquartered Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), as against 208 million tonnes produced during 2010-11, the output for 2011-12 stood at 169.6 million tonnes.Sources say this is due to a host of reasons including action against illegal mining in Karnataka as well as environmental issues raised in other iron ore producing states such as Goa. There is a domestic demand of around 90 million tonnes of iron ore. Sources say the low output is pinching local industry. The rates have doubled within a year to Rs 7,000 tonne. It has also taken a toll on small and medium level sponge iron producers, who have either temporality shut down or are running at minimal capacity.According to IBM figures, Karnataka has seen the highest drop in production. As against 37 million tonnes, produced last year, the state's output was only 13 million tonnes. Maharashtra, which has a minor contribution, produced 1.4 million tonnes but Chhattisgarh produced 30 million tones recording a growth of 5% as against previous year. Goa produced 34 million tonnes as against 36 in the year before.In Karnataka, the court issued directions to limit the production to 25 million tonnes a year with quotas to be allotted to each player. This is expected to restrict the production considerably. However, cases of illegal export of the mineral had come to fore in the state leading to such a direction being issued, said a source in the ministry of mines. Curbs on exports and want of environmental clearance has also led to the fall in production, he said.Govind Daga, who earlier had a stake in a sponge iron business, said there were many instances in the region where units closing down or running at bare minimum capacity due to the shortage of iron ore. Karnataka is the nearest source of supply of ore to units in this region, a sudden fall in supply from this state has indeed put the units in dire conditions, he added.Dipen Agrawal, a steel trader, said the price hike due to shortage had increased the input cost for steel production leading to a 35% hike in the end prices. The shortage has doubled the rates within one year leading to 30% plants having shut down, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439525", "title": "RTI activist attacked in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Right to Information (RTI) activist Natha Sukhadia, 38, a resident of Devaliya village of the Amreli taluka was attacked on Monday evening. Sukhadia, a farmer, alleged that the attack was carried out at the behest of agricultural minister and Amreli BJP MLA Dileep Sanghani. Sukhadia has filed a complaint against six people with the Amreli taluka police station. Bharat Kathi, Kishor Kathi, Ashok Kathi, Devendra Kathi, Bharat Jebaliya and Raghu Kathi have been named as the accused in the complaint. All of them are residents of Devaliya village.However, Dileep Sanghani told TOI that the compliant was politically motivated. \"All the allegations made against me by the complainant are baseless and supported by Congress MLA Bavku Undhad,'' Sanghani said.R B Mirza, police sub-inspector at Amreli taluka police station, who registered the complaint, was transferred to headquarters within hours of the filing of the complaint.\"I was attacked on Sanghani's word because I have been using the RTI Act and have made representations at various levels about irregularities committed by Sanghani and his men in the district,'' Sukhadia said.Sukhadia said that the six men attacked him at his farm on Monday at around 7 pm with baseball bats, swords and other lethal weapons. \"Fearing for my life, I tried to run away but they intercepted me and beat me up,\" he said. \"However, some villagers saw the assault and rushed to help me and the assailants fled.\"Sukhadia further said: \"When they attacked me, one of them said, 'Dileepbhai sathe vat thai gai chhe, tane puro kari devano chhe (We had a talk with Dileep Sanghani, and we will kill you).\"Sukhadia said he has been using the RTI Act for the past five years. \"I have dug out acts of corruption in the works of Gujarat Land Development Corporation at various villages in the Amreli district involving Sanghani's men,\" he said. \"I have sent all the details to chief minister Narendra Modi and Central Vigilance Commission as well. Moreover, I have been leading a protest against a wall created by Sanghani and his brother at his farm in Vankia village which creates waterlogging in 300 acres of land around the farm.\" He said that just a week ago, he had handed over a memorandum to the collector. \"And they had to remove the wall,\" he said.Sukhadia said that he also sought details about the wealth of Sanghani and his family members after he became a minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433380", "title": "Last in class", "text": "Why our education system is failingSeveral students scored 100% in their recent school-leaving exams \u2014 but the system they belong to is failing miserably. India suffers a serious lack of quality educational institutions. In school, students get pushed into one end of a disciplinary triangle \u2014 'Science-Commerce-Humanities' \u2014 right after class 10. A caste-like system mars education hereon, science anointed top, commerce middle, humanities lowest. This goes with routine, unimaginative pedagogy, discouraging students to conceptualise how history and economics may interlink or physics and cinema go together. Instead, students are lectured, hectored and coached, but not taught how to challenge assumptions, make presentations or do group work. Things don't improve radically in college \u2014 India's about 50 years behind other countries encouraging interdisciplinary learning, individual thought \u2014 and the luxury to learn from mistakes. Instead, our universities continue tunnelling students into constricted streams, taught by few quality institutions, sought by many anxious thousands.It's vital we re-examine such narrow education. Just the numbers of perfect scores, even in subjective fields like English literature, illustrate how mechanical our education is. Good education should open minds to think creatively and logically, able to process different kinds of knowledge. But by stitching students into tight subjects early on, buttoning these with monologue-teaching and objective-type exams, India does the opposite. This is often justified using an old fixation, namely education must equal jobs. Of course \u2014 but it must also create a society capable of creating jobs, finding solutions and innovating. Suffocating education suffocates growth, lazy teaching and rote-based themes cutting off the birth of new ideas, new possibilities \u2014 and new universities. It's essential our pedagogy enters a freer world good education is really about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446179", "title": "Ex-speaker pushed state to seal deal at double the price", "text": "Mumbai: Babasaheb Kupekar, when he was the assembly speaker, recommended to the state government to give controversial Mumbai-based businessman Bimal Agarwal the contract for buying total containment vessels used for disposing of explosive devices at nearly double the price. The information buried inside the government files came out recently when a senior IPS official used the right to information Act to find out about the proposal to procure total containment vessels from a US-based company.Agarwal had won the contract in 2009 through his company Technograde Impex India after giving a quotation of Rs 6.24 crore per vessel, while Mumbai International Airport Ltd and Delhi International Airport Ltd had bought a much-advanced model of the unit for Rs 3.18 crore and Rs 4.09 crore, respectively, in 2008-end.The entire deal was cancelled after then Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Gafoor raised objections to the price difference and Agarwal was unable to provide a satisfactory answer.\"We asked the supplier to explain the massive price difference. He did make an attempt to justify the huge price of the vessel but it was not accepted. As such, the order stands scrapped,\" a senior state government official told TOI on Wednesday.It was on October 18, 2006 that the Mumbai police commissioner floated a tender for total containment vessels. It took nearly three years for the state to give sanction for its procurement, as the cost of the vehicle exceeded Rs 25 lakh and required government nod for its procurement. In 2008, Mumbai witnessed one of its worst ever terror attacks, where 166 people were killed and hundreds injured.After going through the bids and finding Technograde Impex India's bid the lowest at Rs 6.24 crore, the government on March 31, 2009 gave the contract to Agarwal's firm for supplying bomb detonating units. But on May 12, Gafoor raised objections over the price difference with MIAL and DIAL purchases. Three days later, Technograde Impex justified the differential pricing but on June 9, Gafoor again rejected it and recommended cancellation of the order. \"If the supplier is reluctant to reduce the price and bring it on par with MIAL and DIAL, the tender process should be cancelled,\" Gafoor wrote to the home department.Nearly a month later, on July 6, 2009, Kupekar sent a recommendation letter to the additional chief secretary to consider Agarwal's case. \"I am enclosing herewith a proposal submitted by Agarwal... kindly extend him all necessary cooperation,\" wrote Kupekar, who was the assembly speaker during 2004-09.In all subsequent correspondences to the additional chief secretary, Agarwal marked a copy to Kupekar. Also, in all the meetings related to the purchase of total containment vessels, there was always a reference to Kupekar's letter. The state then went for a legal opinion and was told by the additional government pleader in September 7, 2009, that the Mumbai police commissioner had the powers to reject the proposal.But Kupekar said he does not remember having sent a recommendation letter for Agarwal. He said in his four-and-a-half decade of public life, several people meet him asking for recommendation letters for jobs, admissions and transfers. \"Party workers and even aam admi approach us for such letters. I have never refused them,\" he said.Agarwal on his part said the higher price was due to interest on advance payment that he had made for the supply. Also, clearing and shipment charges, octroi, VAT and currency exchange rate fluctuations pushed up the price. \"MIAL was not required to pay these charges. Its terms of conditions were different and it was given huge concession, keeping in mind future purchases to be made by it. Overheads were borne by the original supplier,\" Agarwal said in his letter to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14442132", "title": "Mayawati signs letter of support for Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati on Wednesday signed the letter of support for UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee during a meeting with the Congress leader Rajiv Shukla who had came to Lucknow especially for the job. Pranab will be filing his nomination on Thursday.Heads of all UPA partners and parties, including the ruling SP in UP, supporting Pranab are expected to be with Pranab during the nomination process. However, it is not clear as yet whether Mayawati will remain present on the occasion, sharing dais with her arch-rival SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav .\"Pranab is filing nominations for the post of President on Thursday. Rajiv Shukla met me to take my signature on the support letter, which I did. Pranab had called me to thank for the support,\"When asked, Shukla said that Pranab had thanked Mayawati for supporting his candidature. Mukherjee submitted his resignation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday. Mukherjee would start his tour seeking support from June 30.Lensmen asked to take off shoes before clicking MayaBSP supremo Mayawati was inaccessible, even to media persons, during her stint as chief minister. But after losing power, she has made several appearance before media and in few occasion she stopped to give byte. On Wednesday, she allowed media persons inside her house in Lucknow to take her photograph along with Congress leader Rajiv Shukla. She even smiled when being clicked by the lensmen. However, the fear of security still seems to haunt her. All media persons were asked by the security personnel to remove shoes before entering her house.The practice started after a few years back when 'hurling shoe' became a popular mode of protest. It was started by an Iraqi journalist when he threw shoe at former US President George Bush. In India, a journalist had hurled shoe at Union minister P Chidambaram.Since then several such incidents have taken places in the state and country. It was for the first time that Mayawati allowed media persons to enter her home for a photo opportunity but with the condition to take off their shoe. One of the journalists even told Mayawati that it was for the first time she had allowed media photographers to come so near to her. In response, Behenji smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450496", "title": "Chennai keen to usher in second green", "text": "COIMBATORE: Inaugurating the annual scientific workers' conference, Sandeep Saxena, agricultural production commissioner and secretary to government, agriculture department, government of Tamil Nadu, said the problems of the farmers would be discussed in the meet. He also said that agricultural production would be doubled over the next five years.The state level conference is held at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University from June 27 to 29 every year. TNAU scientists, department of agriculture and horticulture officials will take part. Among other things, sericulture farming and seed certification will be discussed.Saxena said a second green revolution would cost the exchequer an estimated Rs 80,000 crore and these funds had been sought by the agricultural department from the state. The state government was keen to usher in such a revolution. He also said that farmers' income must be multiplied two to three times before 2023, according to the vision document prepared by the chief minister. Saxena's speech in general served as a reiteration of the goals set in the vision 2023 document.He also highlighted the need to prepare an action plan for the year 2012-13 and a perspective plan for the twelfth five year plan period. A blueprint has to be prepared to achieve the goals set in the vision 2023 document.Saxena also devoted a considerable portion of his speech explaining the need to close in on the yield gap of crops. Last year, in the Cauvery delta, many successful farmers came up with a yield of 7,000 to 8,000 kg of paddy as harvest per hectare. This was 2,700 kg higher than the state average of 5,300kg. Similarly, yield gap of other crops also needs to be closed, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441667", "title": "Students protest against cancellation of freeship", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of Chhatrabharati organized a district-level protest against the state government's decision to cancel freeship/scholarship for backward class students of professional courses.This year onwards, the state government has stopped freeship/scholarship for students from NT and OBC categories for professional courses like BBA (bachelor of business administration), BCA (bachelor of computer applications) and BBM (bachelor of business administration). Volunteers from Chhatrabharati held a demonstration against this move of the state government on Wednesday from 11am to 3pm in front of the divisional commissioner's office.Volunteers from Chhatrabharati's five districts (under the Nashik division) were present for the protests. Advocate Arun Donde of Nashik and 15-20 of his volunteers along with Rajendra Medhe from Ahmednagar, Anant Barge from Sangamner, Paresh Patil from Dhule and Vishwanath Waykande from Jalgaon also took part in the protest. Around 200 students also participated in the protest.\"Our intention was to bring the issue to the notice of the legislative assembly during the monsoon session, which is to begin in early July. But the revenue commissioner said that he did not have the time to listen to our pleas, and so did his deputy. We have therefore decided to take our issue to the legislative assembly ourselves by protesting there during the monsoon session,\" said Arun Donde.He added that they were also protesting against illegal and exorbitant fees in colleges and various other charges. \"We were also protesting against V N Naik College's tendency of asking for money under various pretexts after the results if students want their mark sheets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14444905", "title": "J&K;: Four revenue officials booked for forgery", "text": "JAMMU: The Jammu and Kashmir police Crime Branch on Wednesday booked five persons including four revenue officials for alleged involvement in a land fraud case in Jammu.The accused were booked after a complaint lodged by administrator of Auqaf Islamia, Jammu alleging that almost two acres of Wakf land notified as a graveyard in land records was removed from the records during the settlement operations and a part of it was registered in the name of Hassan Bibi fraudulently.The Crime Branch said investigations revealed that the revenue officials falsified information causing wrongful loss to Auqaf Islamia.\"We have registered a criminal case against revenue officials - Mohan Lal Sharma, Khadim Hussain, Manohar Singh, Baisakhi Ram and Hassan Bibi alias Bano for their involvement in cheating, fraud, forgery and criminal conspiracy in Jammu,\" said a Crime Branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448704", "title": "State labour dept to confer safety and welfare awards", "text": "GURGAON: If the rule of law can't induce Gurgaon's factory owners to regard the existing safety norms with some amount of seriousness, maybe prospects of winning an award will. This, at least, is the line that Haryana's labour department is taking. The nomination entries for the department's annual safety and welfare awards have just started to come in, and soon the winners, who have had the cleanest labour safety and accident prevention records this year, will be announced. The stated objective of the mission is to recognize good work done in the areas of workers' safety and welfare, and to make more people 'act in this direction.' \"The scheme covers all large, medium and small scale factories registered under the Factories Act.The state government will constitute an awards committee, which will look at the nominations and shortlist the winners,\" said a department official. The award categories are subdivided into two components - safety and welfare. Nominees will be judged on various parameters under both. The longest accident-free period in a factory unit will fetch you a certificate of merit, as will the lowest accident frequency rate. Awards for the best working conditions, best first aid, canteen and creche arrangements, and best sports facility for workers are also up for grabs.\"The awards committee will be taking decisions after scrutizing the applications, and making enquiries and visiting the factory sites of the nominees in the coming weeks,\" the official said. All industrial zones in the state qualify for nominations, and submissions are expected to come in not just from Gurgaon and Manesar, but from places like Rohtak, Narnaul, Hisar, and Kundli among others. The award adjudging committee will include experts on industrial safety and health and members of the state's safety council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439590", "title": "Johari family's son succumbs to burns", "text": "NAGPUR: The Johari family, which had already lost the head of the family in a fire at their Adarsh Colony residence on May 17, lost the only surviving male member on Tuesday night. Nagraj Johri (21) succumbed to his burns at around 2am. He was the only brother of sisters Sushma and Kavita.All five members of the Johari family were asleep when the fire erupted from the kitchen. Mother Asha, two daughters and Nagraj were sleeping in one room while father Annaji was asleep in the kitchen.Police said the fire started from the kitchen and hence Annaji died on the spot. Other woke up just as the flames reached them. Asha was able to guide her children to safety. Asha and Kavita had suffered few injuries and were discharged on the same day from hospital. Elder daughter Sushma, is still recuperating at a private hospital. She suffered around 50% burns.Nagraj, a BCCA second year student, was also preparing for MBA entrance exams. Talking to TOI, Kavita said the doctors had told them that Nagraj had suffered around 40% burns. \"But later we learnt it was more than 60%. Just two days after the incident, he has started moving and was showing signs of recovery,\" she said.On Tuesday, the doctors declared Nagraj and Sushma out of danger. \"He was fine till Tuesday morning. After a few hours, he was not feeling well. Senior doctors operated upon him at 5pm but didn't tell us what happened exactly. We were told about his death on Wednesday around 6am,\" said Kavita.The family has lost everything in the fire. Kavita said they are thankful to her friends and Sushma's colleagues for giving them financial support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14438739", "title": "Hell of a climate in 9 years", "text": "KOLKATA: The environment department has come up with a grim picture of Kolkata and the rest of Bengal for the coming generations.Bizarre and alarming changes may begin as early as 2021 - hotter days and nights, more deaths due to malaria, less rainfall and a sharp rise in sea level that will wreak havoc on the Sunderbans. In fact, the majority of the unique mangrove forests may vanish underwater, the study says.The study offers a crystal-ball view of the period from 2021 to 2050 and the findings are scary, to say the least.The final draft of the State Action Plan on Climate Change has been submitted to the Centre. It is a report on the probable changes in Bengal's climate pattern and its impact and also the measures that need to be taken to combat these changes.\"The report is with the Centre. They will now take the next course of action,\" said state environment secretary RPS Kahlon. The Centre will decide which funding agency (World Bank or Asian Development Bank ) to approach for executing the recommendations to tackle climate change.More Heat, Less RainThe study found a net warming trend in annual average temperature between 1969 and 2005. It has been observed that over this period, there has been minimal decrease in the maximum temperatures in the range of - 0.25 degrees Celsius to - 0.50 degrees Celsius and a perceptible increase in minimum temperature in the range between +0.25 degrees Celsius and +1.5 degrees Celsius.Monsoon rainfall, which accounts for more than 75% of the total annual rainfall across the state, has not changed much between this period. But post-monsoon rainfall in the months of October, November and December is seen to be rising in this period.Sunderbans, No MoreThe report projects some significant changes in the state's climate pattern from 2021 to 2050 with respect to the baseline simulation for 1961 to 1990.The most significant and alarming change is a likely increase in temperature in the range of 1.8-2.4 degrees Celsius. If this happens, it can massively impact the climate pattern. A large part of the Sunderbans could go under water. It is also projected that the sea surge heights may increase to 7.46m with a hundred year return period and that the sea level will continue to rise.About the rain pattern, there is likely to be less rainfall in winter and summer with respect to the baseline period. However, areas of Sunderbans and Darjeeling hills may get more rainfall. The total amount of rainfall during monsoon is not likely to change much in most parts of Bengal but the intensity of cyclonic events is likely to increase further. It is already being noticed that though there are fewer cyclones these days, the severity is increasing.Water WoesThe report specifies areas which are directly interlinked to climate changes. These are water resources, agriculture, forests, bio diversity, human health, energy efficiency and renewable energy, local habitats and other special regions such as the Darjeeling Himalayan range, and the Sunderbans.Supplying water as per the current demands of each sector is a major concern for the state. With increase in population and development, the water demand for all sectors is expected to increase from 106.18 billion cubic metres in 2001 to 452.82 billion cubic metres in 2051. To augment water resources and efficient management, specific strategies have been suggested for the northern hill region, alluvial plains, red and laterite zone and the coastal zone, as such extend metering of water and charge water use in all urban centre, increase surface water harvesting and storage an regulate ground water extraction.Disease And DeathHuman health is a very important area that is significantly linked with climate change.A continuous increase in vector borne diseases, such as malaria, has been observed. Malaria has increased by a shocking 55% between 2008 and 2010. The most endemic zone of malaria is Kolkata itself where more than 60% cases of the state are reported.Also, water borne diseases such as cholera , diarrhoea and enteric fever continue to be on the rise in the state, with as many as 20 lakh to 27 lakh cases reported each year. Children, women and the elderly are the most affected by an increase of the disease burden.The draft report suggests initiating a research into the impact of all vector, respiratory and waterborne diseases so that a policy and an integrated approach can be developed to combat them.The study found that only 40.3% of rural households in the state are on the electric grid. Energy efficiency can be achieved by moving towards high efficiency of generation of power from thermal plants by increasing the share of renewable in the total energy mix and by changing the end use of behavioral pattern, it says.Housing is going to be a major concern for Bengal, the fourth most populous state in the country with a population density of 1,029 persons per square kilometer (nearly three times the national average). Of the 25.8 million urban population, 84% reside in 27 Class-I category cities with a population of more than 100,000.The state has to immediately launch measures to cut down greenhouse gas emission. For areas most vulnerable to climate change - like the Sunderbans, the Dooars and Darjeeling - the state needs to identify the level of tolerance of the various mangrove species and to undertake a study to generate low, medium and high scenarios of the impact of climate change. The main concerns for these areas include heavy soil erosion, water availability and shifting of agricultural production centres to higher altitudes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "starry parivaar", "code": "14457919", "title": "Aniruddha Dave attends cousin's wedding in Lucknow", "text": "STARRY PARIVAAR: The wedding of Shruti Pandya was elevated to a new high because of the presence of TV actor Aniruddha Dave of \"Ruk Jana Nahi\" fame.Dave is Shruti's cousin and he left the shooting of his serial to make the visit possible. \"Shruti is my maasi's daughter and is very close to me. So, it wasn't possible ki uski shaadi ho aur main na aaon,\" said Aniruddha who was also lucky to get a brief break from his role in the serial.A KING'S RECEPTION: Gaurav, the groom got a royal reception as he was picked up by Shruti's brothers Siddhant, Aniruddh, Gaurav and Shikhar on their shoulders and carried to the stage. Meanwhile the bride's parents Amita and Rajeev Pandya made arrangements for the jaimala, which also was a fun affair with Shruti being picked up in her brothers' arms so that Gaurav could not garland her. Later Aniruddha looked after the guests along with his mother Paridhit who had come from Jaipur.Writer Yatindra Misra, the prince of Ayodhya, came to attend Shruti's wedding. Aniruddha and Yatindra became friends when Aniruddha shot for his serial in Misra's palace in Ayodhya two years ago. Misra is currently working on a biography of Lata Mangeshkar, he told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14456007", "title": "Chandigarh sees spurt in robberies, burglaries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh city has been hit by a sudden spurt in the number of robberies and burglaries. Around 15 incidents have been reported in the last 24 hours.Burglars struck at four different houses in sectors 56, 44, 52 and 37 and decamped with gold and silver jewellery and cash amount, worth lakhs of rupees, in the last one-day. Besides, different incidents of robberies of bikes and cars from the commercial and residential areas have also been reported from different parts of the city.However, police have increased the number of police check-posts in the wake of this rise in crime graph.\"Special police check-posts have been set-up at various sensitive locations of the city. Our main focus is on the frisking of all two-wheelers as most of the accused use them for travelling in the city. There are cases where they are using stolen bikes to roam around the city as two such incidents have come to light in the last three days,\" said a senior police official here on Thursday.\"During the vehicle frisking near Sukhna Lake, we have arrested two youths, who were driving a stolen bike,\" the official added.In 2012, nearly 115 incidents of burglaries and over 100 robberies have been reported in Chandigarh till June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446401", "title": "AMC councillor downsized for hiding family size", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vinod Bodakia, the corporator representing Stadium ward, was declared disqualified by a local court for having more than two kids and violating the laws by suppressing the fact that he was father of four.The chief small cause court judge, D V Vaidya held Bodakiya's election illegal and declared his election form invalid. The disqualification came after an election petition filed by his opponent in 2010 AMC polls, Manish Makwana who lost the seat to Bodakiya.Petitioner's counsel Kalpesh Patel said that as per the amended Bombay Province Municipal Corporation Act, a candidate having more than two kids automatically become ineligible to contest civic body elections. Bodakiya had written in the form that he had three daughters. Makwana brought this to the knowledge of election officer, but no action was taken in this regard and Bodakiya was allowed to contest.After his defeat, Makwana filed an election petition in the small cause court stating that Bodakiya had furnished false information by stating that he had three daughters, though he had four kids.As the case proceeded further, it was established that Bodakiya had five kids and birth certificates of four daughters were produced in court.Advocate Patel said that Bodakiya stated before the court that his daughter Hetal was born in 2005, though he mentioned in his election form that she was born in 2008.\"The court asked him to submit a proof that Hetal was born in 2005, but he could not do so. On the other hand, he continued to argue that her birth was not registered then. But we placed her birth certificate showing that she was born in Savarkundla in 1990,\" the lawyer said.After the court order, Bodakiya sought a stay on its operation till he moved the Gujarat high court. The judge has stayed his order declaring Bodakiya's election annulled till then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14445632", "title": "Shankaramurthy to take over as council chairman", "text": "BANGALORE: Senior BJP leader and MLC DH Shankaramurthy is all set to take over as legislative council chairman.He has been elected unopposed since he was the only one to have filed his nomination papers on Wednesday. His name will be formally announced at the council session on Thursday. Veteran Congress leader and MLC MV Rajasekaran will preside over the proceedings till Shankaramurthy takes charge. Hailing from Shimoga, Shankaramurthy is a five-time MLC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14440278", "title": "Woman dies minutes after caesarean at Gondia hospital", "text": "Gondia: The death of a woman minutes after her caesarean operation at the local Bai Gangabai Hospital for Women (BGW Hospital) on Tuesday has again brought into focus the lack of proper service, infrastructure and medicines at the hospital for various reasons.One Asha Khotode (29) of village Khamari, about 7km from Gondia, was admitted at BGW Hospital on June 25 for delivery. Since there was no possibility of normal delivery, she underwent a caesarean operation on Tuesday afternoon and delivered a female child. The child is safe but Khotode died minutes after the operation ended.This spread a scare in the hospital and the relatives of the woman lady alleged she died due to inadequate medicines. However, medical superintendent Dr Naseem Akhtar categorically denied this allegation and said there was no lapse, mistake or negligence on the part of doctors involved in the caesarean operation. She told TOI that she herself was present during the operation as specialist anaesthetist.\"Senior surgeon Dr Asha Agrawal and Dr Pawan Raut performed the operation and it is true that the patient died within four minutes of the operation due to cardio respiratory arrest. Although this is very rare, it happens sometimes after rupture of amniotic fluid system,\" she said.After the death of the patient, Dr Naseem had offered to send the body for post mortem to assure relatives, but they were convinced there was no fault of the hospital or any doctor in this case, and refused to go for post mortem.Without mentioning the latest case, Dr Naseem expressed her general displeasure regarding lack of interest from the peoples representatives regarding repairs of costly life-saving equipment like CAT scanner etc. \"The special power feeder installed at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore is not working and we have to keep working with invertors, which have limitations. We cannot provide cooling to all wards, except the ICU,\" she said.When asked why the hospital is always in the news for the wrong reasons, Dr Naseem said that instead of cooperating with us regarding shortage of staff, some vested interests create problems and instigate patients to complain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14442797", "title": "Amritsar judo player raped by coach", "text": "AMRITSAR: A budding judo player has alleged that she was repeatedly raped by her coach, who is absconding after the registration of a case, police said on Wednesday. The girl is a student of Class X here and the coach is a resident of Chheharta in Amritsar.The girl said that the coach came to her house and persuaded her parents to send her to the camp despite the fact that she wasn't feeling well. A judo camp of three weeks was scheduled from June 7 at Sundarnagar in Himachal Pradesh. The coach apparently came to pick the girl on June 9.\"The coach lied to her that the rest of the girls were waiting for her at the Amritsar railway station whereas the other participants had already left for Sundarnagar,\" Amritsar police commissioner R P Mittal said.Instead of taking her to the railway station, the coach took her to his house where he raped her and then took her to Kangra in Himachal the next day before dropping her at Sundarnagar. The coach forcibly kept the girl with him for two nights and three days, said Mittal.The girl reached home on June 17 and told her parents about the incident. The parents approached the police and lodged a complaint against the coach. Mittal said that the police were conducting raids to arrest the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448503", "title": "MCG to install GPS in trash vans", "text": "GURGAON: After drawing a lot of flak for the way it handles the system of garbage disposal, the municipal corporation finally seems to be getting its act together. The MCG has decided to install global positioning system (GPS) in all its 73 vehicles that carry garbage from the city to the solid waste management plant at Bandhwari.\"Apart from officials who will constantly monitor these vehicles, the residents too can track them by logging on to the MCG website. If the drivers try to tamper with the device, we will impose stiff penalty on them. And if the device gets stolen or is lost, the cost will be recovered from the vendor,\" said an official. \"We have been getting many complaints from the residents that the garbage pick up vehicles do not come to their area and that they do not reach the plant in Bandhwari. Now when the GPS is in place, we hope to solve this issue,\" he added.Apart from this the MCG is also organizing training for the councillors and resident welfare association members on how to use the facility to track this facility on the website. \"We will be organizing these training sessions in our office from July 15 through which we will familiarize the residents and councillors on how to better use the online facilities. Those who want to avail themselves of this training can register with us,\" said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442800", "title": "Academic autonomy granted to Symbiosis college", "text": "PUNE: The Symbiosis college of arts and commerce is now the second college in the area of traditional higher studies and overall fifth in the city to get academic autonomy from the University Grants Commission and the University of Pune.\"The autonomy, effective from 2012-13, gives us all operational freedom in academic matters including flexibility and innovation, for taking our courses to the levels that are offered globally,\" said Symbiosis principal director Vidya Yeravdekar while speaking to reporters on Wednesday.Principal Hrishikesh Soman said, \"The UoP will continue to award degrees to our students, but academic matters like framing of syllabus, conduct of exams, restructuring courses, change in nomenclature of course etc., will be controlled and decided by the college's governing body. To begin with, we will soon introduce semester pattern, credits and grading system. We also have a plan for phased introduction of new post-graduate courses up to the level of M.Phil and interdisciplinary studies involving elements of both, arts and commerce.\"Soman said that introduction of honours degree, dual specialisation, double degree and semester abroad scheme under the foreign tie ups that Symbiosis has with various foreign institutions, are in line for introduction in due course.The Symbiosis college of arts and commerce was established in 1983 and remains the Symbiosis group's only institution that is not a constituent of either the Symbiosis International University or the Symbiosis Society. However, it is affiliated to the UoP.The college offers degree courses in arts and commerce (BA/B.Com) and post-graduate course in commerce (M.Com) with a collective student strength of 3,000. Degree courses apart, it also offers a diploma in liberal arts.Soman said, \"St Mira's college for girls was the first arts and commerce college in the city to get academic autonomy. In professional studies, the College of Engineering, Pune; Vishwakarma Institute of Technology; and IndSearch management institute are three institutions that have gone autonomous. The SCAC governing body will also have representatives nominated by the UoP vice-chancellor and the college will have an academic council and board of studies of its own.\"The college will operate as per UGC guidelines. It plans to restructure its courses to be complementary to professional studies like chartered accountancy, cost and works accountancy and company secretary.\"An UGC report released in April 2011 puts the number of autonomous colleges in the state at 19 while the total number of autonomous colleges in the country is 374,\" he said. \"Between May 2011 and June 2012, some more colleges have got academic autonomy and the numbers have gone up to nearly 400 colleges in the country,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447262", "title": "Inflammable material, haphazard construction on top 2 floors: Audit", "text": "Mumbai: A team of experts from National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) on Wednesday completed its final report on the structural stability of Maharashtra secretariat building which was partially gutted in a fire last week. The report will be submitted to the state government on Thursday.The team has found presence of inflammable material and haphazard construction on the top two floors of the building, which were worst affected by the blaze. The team had, in its preliminary audits, ruled out major structural damage to the eight-storied structure and declared it \"sound and safe\". \"Whether the inflammable material was used as part of the original design or alterations is for the government to find out. Our scope was limited to structural safety,\" said a team member.The issue of illegal and haphazard construction on the top floor and the original cause of the fire have been a bone of contention between the Congress and the NCP. The blame game continued in the pre-cabinet meeting on Wednesday. Senior ministers, many of whom pointed fingers at the saffron combine as the top floor was constructed during its reign, discussed the need to fix responsibility for any faulty wiring or alterations that could have fuelled the fire. A total of 166 truck-load of debris has been removed so far by the public works department (PWD).The Congress ministers hinted at the negligence caused by the NCP-controlled PWD which, in turn, has been hinting at the apathy of the chief minister-controlled general administration department (GAD). \"Once all of this (repair and renovation) is over, we will fix responsibility for negligence. Someone will have to answer why the fire raged for so long despite the entire state machinery present for rescue,\" said a Congress minister.PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal has clarified that the PWD can't be solely held responsible for deficiency found in the building as part of an audit conducted in 2008. In his clarification to the PM, CM Prithviraj Chavan has hinted at a delay in dousing of the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14443286", "title": "Panel to look into water distribution in state", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has set up a four-member committee of senior bureaucrats to take stock of the worsening water crisis in the state. The committee will look into the availability of water and its effective distribution in cites and villages affected by the shortage.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has directed municipalities and district officials to prepare contingency plans and judiciously use water is reservoirs only for the purpose of drinking. While sanctioning Rs 20 crore, the state cabinet on Wednesday expressed concerns over the crisis worsening even in bigger cities such as Pune, Jalna, Osmanabad and Nashik.A total of Rs 92 crore from the state contingency fund of Rs 150 cr has been released for water and fodder shortages across the state. These cities have water stocks which will not even last until July 15. Pune, one of the worst hit, has just 4% of the water stock left in its reservoirs. Mumbai, however, has stock until July 15 and heavy showers expected in two days in reservoirs that supply water to the city are expected to further ease the situation, said officials. \"Mumbai, at least, has the option to draw from its reserve stocks,\" said an official.According to a state data, the water level in reservoirs across the state has plummeted to 13% because of a late monsoon, which usually arrives every year in the second week of June. The water stock in reservoirs same time last year was about 26%. So far, the total rainfall has been 125.2 mm in all reservoirs which is 53.5% of the average annual rainfall. The same time last year, rainfall was 182.80 mm. Nearly 2,100 affected villages are being supplied water through tankers. A total of 2,500 tankers have been provided.If the situation persists for another week or more, officials said, there would be no option but to implement some sort of rationing, either in the form of water cuts or withholding commercial and other water quota purely for the purpose of drinking. \"We have also asked municipalities to appeal to citizens to use water carefully,\" said a senior official. A drought-like situation persists in 187 villages and 6,538 wadis in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14437993", "title": "Jewellery shop burgled in Warangal", "text": "WARANGAL: Silver and gold ornaments were stolen from a jewellery shop in Warangal in the wee hours of Wednesday. The shop is located right in front of a police station in the town. Sources said 500 grams of gold and two kg silver ornaments were taken away by the burglars.Shop owner Sanjay Kumar , however, claimed that he had kept two kg gold and eight kg silver ornaments in the wardrobe which went missing. He also said that Rs 25,000 cash was robbed by the unidentified robbers.Mattewada SHO R Prabhakar Rao, who visited the shop, said a clues team and a dog squad have been pressed into service. What shocked the police was that another jewellery shop, located adjacent to the burgled shop, was not touched by the thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14443947", "title": "Tension in Kasarvarnem after 3-day-old infant's death", "text": "MAPUSA: Tension prevailed at the Kasarvarnem health centre in Pernem taluka on Tuesday evening after a 3-day-old child died in the health centre while undergoing treatment.Though the exact cause of the death is still not known, the parents of the child have blamed the hospital nurse for being negligent in her duty.According to sources the child was born to the Raul family from Talarna at the Mapusa district hospital on June 24.Later, the mother and child shifted to the health centre at Kasarvarnem. On Tuesday afternoon the child mysteriously passed away at the health centre.The parents then took the hospital staff to task and sought action against the concerned nurse for her negligence. Around 50-60 villagers of Talarna gathered at the health centre demanding action against the nurse.Health minister Laximikant Parsekar also summoned the health officer of Kasarvarnem and sought an explanation from him. The director of health services was also summoned by Parsekar.Pernem police has conducted the inquest panchanama and sent the body to Goa Medical College and hospital at Bambolim. Police have registered a case of unnatural death under Sections 174 of CrPC. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447842", "title": "Sans leaders, striking mill workers rudderless", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the long history of the textile industry in Ahmedabad, mill workers have always had the leadership of eminent people who have not only commanded their respect, but that of the mill-owners as well. The likes of Mahatma Gandhi , Anusuya Sarabhai, Indulal Yagnik, Gulzarilal Nanda and Ela Bhatt among others have represented the labourers at different moments in history.But perhaps for the first time, the workers are experiencing a vacuum of leadership and it is being reflected in the ongoing strike at the mills. Many believe that the current unrest is second longest only to the strike in 1923 when 40,000 workers had abstained from work to demand a 20 per cent hike in salary. Then, former prime minister Gulzarilal Nanda had represented the Ahmedabad Textile Labour Association (TLA) and resolved the issue within days. He had acted as the bridge between the workers and the mill managements.But the current strike has now crossed 23 days and all the two sides have exchanged is legal notices and threatening letters. There is obviously no end in sight as yet. \"Frankly, the mills don't know who to negotiate with,\" said a senior official of a textile mill. \"TLA members have lost the trust of the workers and new representatives have no legal standing. In fact, mill managements are ready to accept many demands, but they don't know who should convey this message to the workers.\"The Ahmedabad Textile Mills Association (ATMA), that represents the mill-owners, has asked TLA to get signatures of 80 per cent of its members from across the mills before it holds a dialogue with the workers. Sources said that most mills have agreed for an Rs 1,600 interim relief but are not ready to take back all the sacked employees, which is the second demand of striking workers.On June 4, around 300 workers at Arvind Mill's Naroda plant stopped working. The plant employs 3,400 workers and primarily produces denim fabrics. Later, workers from Ankur, Ashima Syntex and Asarawa mills joined in and the unrest grew in proportion. The mills called the strike illegal and suspended around 400 workers who were later sacked. \"We've to get signatures from 380 striking workers to show that we have a mandate to negotiate with ATMA. We have procured over 200 signatures and will get the rest by Friday,\" said TLA general secretary Amar Barot.What the workers wantStriking workers claim that apart from a minor revision more than a decade ago, their basic salaries haven't changed since 1965. They covered under the award scheme as per the Bombay Industrial Relations Act, 1946. There is a variable component in their salary which is dependent on the consumer price index (CPI). With rise in CPI, a worker getting Rs 600 net salary in 1965 is currently getting Rs 7,000 on the same basic salary. The workers are now demanding a 40 per cent hike in basic salary among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14459089", "title": "Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher's relationship 'not exclusive'", "text": "Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher, who were spotted zooming around Hollywood on the actor's bike last to last week, are not an official couple, according to a source.The 28-year-old actress and her former 'That 70s Show' costar have been seen sharing meals several times during the spring and even took a three-day road trip getaway outside LA in late April.\"They're not exclusive, but they are hanging out and seeing where it's going,\" Us Magazine quoted a source close to the pair as saying.The 34-year-old actor had previously been married to Demi Moore for six years, and Kunis was in a long-term relationship with actor Macaulay Culkin.\"They've been hot for each other for years. It stretches back to when they were friends on their show!\" another source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14443796", "title": "Collem police arrest 6 for iron ore fraud", "text": "Ponda: The Collem police on Wednesday arrested two mining truck drivers and a truck owner for allegedly misappropriating iron ore worth Rs 4.62 lakh. Three truck drivers were also arrested in this regard on Tuesday. However, the buyer of the ore is absconding.While Sanju alias Sameer Ganpat Naik, a resident of Tiral-Usgao and Sukesh Raju Poojari, 28, a resident of Tisk-Usgao were arrested on Wednesday, the police arrested Rafiq Latif, 30, a resident of Collem and a native of Dodamarg-Maharashtra; Arvind Govind Sharma, 23, a resident of Tisk-Usgao and Rajesh Kashinath Kerkar, 26, a resident of Kassailem, Tisk-Usgao, on Tuesday.The Collem police registered an offence under Section 408 of the IPC against the accused. All of them were produced before JMFC, Canacona, on Wednesday evening where the court ordered a two-day police custody.The police also arrested Balaram Gurav, 30, a resident of Tiska-Usgao, the owner of a truck. Police said he had asked his driver to dump iron ore at the Surla plot, and added that he would be produced in court on Thursday.The Collem police also seized a car used for the crime.The incident allegedly took place between May 26 and 30, but a complaint was lodged only on Monday, the Collem police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14437539", "title": "An overnight change to please Chidambaram", "text": "KOCHI: The theme of a seminar inaugurated by Union home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday, had been changed overnight. Though the original topic of the seminar, organized by the Institute of Social Research and Action (ISRA) in Thiruvananthapuram, was 'Presidential Election: New Trends In Indian Politics', it was changed to 'Threats of Terrorism: Impact on Development' on the eve of the programme.The organizers had put up hoardings and flex boards in various parts of the city weeks in advance announcing the theme of the seminar. On Monday night, workers deployed by ISRA replaced the flex boards and hoardings with fresh ones that announced the new topic.The change of topic was required because of the possibilities of controversies erupting in the wake of the ensuing presidential elections, organizers said by way of explanation.\"We changed the topic as we thought it may kick start controversies in the wake of the presidential elections. Moreover, Chidambaram was coming here solely to attend the programme. That's why we opted to change the topic,\" said Pazhakulam Madhu, secretary, ISRA.However, there are allegations that the topic was changed after intervention from the top, but the organizers have refuted this.Though we do not know what the truth is, there is something that remains unchanged, the picture of Raisina Hills, the official residence of the President, on the flex boards. Apparently, the organizers overlooked this in their hurry to put up the new flex boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14457862", "title": "Ajith Billa 2 movie record release in France", "text": "Billa 2 fever has started gripping the state with every passing day. The movie, which is hitting the screens on 1200+ worldwide on July 13, is all set for one of the biggest releases of the year, as it is releasing in multiple languages in different countries.For the first time, a Tamil movie is hitting the theatres in more than 10+ screens in France with French subtitles. The latest press release of Billa 2 says, \" IN Entertainment is working with the sub-distributors to generate wider audiences and a larger exposure to Tamil films. Towards this objective, Billa 2 is being readied to release with subtitles in several countries.It further adds, \"In France, the film will release on 10+ screens with French subtitles thus making it one of the very few Indian films to release on 10+ screens in France. The film will release with Malay subtitles in Malaysia , Arabic subtitles in the Gulf and with English subtitles in other parts of the world. Billa 2 also is all set to have wide release in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala along with North India. The Telugu dubbed version will be released as David Billa . Both Tamil and Telugu versions will be released in Karnataka.The gangster-thriller film stars sensational Ajith, dazzling Parvathy Omanakuttan and glamorous Bruna Abdullah. It is a sequel to Billa directed by Vishnuvardhan. The movie tells the story of the baddie David Billa , who was killed in the first instalment.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14443999", "title": "Xavier's starts golden jubilee celebrations", "text": "Mapusa: The inaugural function to mark the beginning of the golden jubilee celebrations of St Xavier's college, Mapusa, and also the start of the academic year, was held at the college campus on Wednesday. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar was the chief guest and urban development minister Francis D'Souza the guest of honour.The college entered its 50th year of existence on Wednesday. In order to commemorate the auspicious occasion, a solemn mass was celebrated by archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao to mark the start of the programme.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar felicitated two staff members of the college, Fr Prudencio Ferreira and Prof A B Coelho, for their meritorious services towards the institution.Speaking on the occasion, the chief minister said: \"Education is the most important portfolio and I will try to revamp and upgrade the education sector in the state. In the next four years, education in Goa will be taken up to a higher level.\"D'Souza congratulated the college on its golden jubilee and stressed the need for a mutual bonding of teachers, staff, management and students for perfect output in the education field.Fr Walter de Sa, the college principal, said that the aim of the college is to provide a balanced all-round education to its students with a view to form young men and women who will be intellectually able, high-minded and disciplined citizens of the country.St Xavier's takes pride in stating that it is the first college in Goa to offer mass communication &amp; videography and journalism as undergraduate programmes. To mark the golden jubilee year during the entire academic year 2012-2013, a series of different programmes have been planned to showcase the talents of various students through events such as quizzes and essay competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444692", "title": "HIV positive man immolates self at Tambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old man, who was HIV positive, committed suicide in Tambaram by immolating himself early on Wednesday morning. Police said he set himself on fire due to depression arising out of social ostracism.At 1am, Raja crept out of bed while his wife and children were sleeping. He poured kerosene and set himself on fire. He ran screaming down the street in pain. Hearing his cries, neighbours and his family rushed out to help him. They put out the fire using sand and water. He was then rushed to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, where he finally succumbed to his burns around 9am.The Secretariat colony police have registered a case of unnatural death under section 174 of the Criminal Code of Procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14438502", "title": "CBI begins probe into Vuda land scam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The CBI has formally launched its probe into the Rs 526-crore scam involving allotment of plots to private persons in MVP Colony by Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) in violation of court orders.The Vuda authorities are accused of violating norms by allotting plots to private parties on a piece of land (85 cents) reserved for construction of a community centre as per the original approved layout. Vuda reportedly carved out 21 plots, each measuring over 191 square yards, from the reserved space and auctioned them. The president of Balaji Park Residents' Welfare Association in the colony, however, took objection and approached the high court in 2001.The court held the auction illegal and directed the Vuda to maintain status quo and keep the land in question for the purpose of the community centre. Vuda then approached Supreme Court by filing a civil appeal in 2002. The apex court, however, dismissed the appeal of Vuda in May 2009, observing that there was no need to interfere with the order of the high court.In September 2009, Balaji Park Welfare Association president told Vuda authorities that they had no objection if an extent of 1,000 square yards was set apart for the community hall or library, while the remaining land could be utilized for other purposes. In the meantime, five persons, in a letter to the Vuda vice-chairman, claimed that they were not allotted plots although they had successfully bid for them in the auction in 2001.The Vuda then approved a proposal for allotment of six plots to these five persons and a developer in an extent of 3,282 square yards at a cost of Rs 3,500 per square yard, which was the minimum upset price for auctioning the plots in 2001, without taking the prevalent market rates into consideration in 2009. Armed with the land possession, the buyers even started construction of a multi-storied apartment on the land.When the issue snowballed into a controversy, GVMC revoked the approval of the building plan three months ago. The plot buyers challenged the GVMC action in the high court. The court then directed the CBI, Visakhapatnam to take up an inquiry and file a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "it has been almost 2 years since i arrived here in this exquisite middle east country. my stay here has been incredibly mesmerizing. i find everything amazing about this calm and peaceful arab state", "code": "14460474", "title": "My Oman connection", "text": "It has been almost 2 years since I arrived here in this exquisite Middle East country. My stay here has been incredibly mesmerizing. I find everything amazing about this calm and peaceful Arab state: Be its people, culture, picturesque beauty, splendiferous landscapes / beaches and the souqs (local markets). I find myself absolutely in love with this place. Oman is also one of those countries which have vast Indian population, who have received so much love, warmth, respect and most importantly freedom to lead a desirous life.Today, I intend to share my wonderful experience with the local Omani people, who are well- known for their generosity, warmth and hospitality. My first noteworthy experience took place after a few days of my arrival here in Muscat in the year 2010. I hired a taxi to home after office in the evening and on our way to home, the taxi driver bumped into a car in front of us. Well, one could easily predict that the car in front of us stopped short, which led to this accident, but to my liking, my taxi driver wasn't heeding as he should have been. An Omani was driving that car and to my complete surprise, he looked very calm and composed while approaching us; he just stopped to check the harm we did to his car, he came to the taxi driver and the first thing he said was \" Assalamu Alaikum\" (Greetings) and shook hands. Well, for someone like me who was born and brought up in an urban city in India and is used to listening of cliches like \"Tu jaanta nahi hain mein koun hu\" or \"Tu jaanta nahi hain mera baap koun hain\" after an accident, I totally felt out of place. In fact, for a few minutes, I thought that the Omani guy was pretending to be calm about the situation and suddenly he will pounce on the driver for bumping into his car, but that never happened. They spoke something about insurance in Arabic, shook hands and we were on our way to my home again. Next day, I shared this with my colleague and he told me that this is how things happen here - they are sorted out with great peace and camaraderie. It was a very small thing but how things were handled was really great and from that day, I started holding the local people in high regards.The another anecdote from my kitty of wonderful experiences here is from my early days in Oman when I was still trying to settle down in this foreign land and trying to understand people and culture around me. One day, in an afternoon, I went out to have a cup of tea at a coffee shop near my office, and I paid him RO. 1 whereas the cost of tea was a 100 Baiza (1/10 fraction of RO. 1). I noticed the shopkeeper, who was an Omani, after pouring a cup of tea from his tea jar, counted the change twice or may be thrice before handing it to me, which was supposed to be 900 Baiza. On my part, I stood there and counted the change the shopkeeper gave me, which is a normal practice after we conclude any transaction in India. When I finished counting and was about to keep the change in my wallet, I saw other customers and the shopkeeper were conceding me a strange look. I inquired \"what\" and came back to my office sipping the masala tea, but I couldn't resist sharing with my colleague about the strange look from the people in the coffee shop. My colleague asked me couple of questions about what happened there. He then told me that I probably offended the shopkeeper by counting the change in front of him. People here give great significance to integrity even if it is a small transaction. Of course, there are always some exceptions who always try to defy the cause but what I did was completely unintentional, was careful next time and the shopkeeper too made sure that I notice him while he counts the change and keep it directly in my wallet. Anyone would want people to trust him for what he does. All this made me realize how sensitive people could be with regards to their certain attributes and how important it is for them that the people they deal with accept it and duly acknowledge it.There are many such incredible and noteworthy incidents which I came across with local Omani people here and today I relish them when I go down the memory lanes and these wonderful amicable people never stop to warm the cockles of my heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14454733", "title": "Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum: Not so cool, says Censor Board", "text": "While she was keen on ferrying the trailer of her Sachin Yardi-directed next, Kya Super Kool Hain Hum with buddy Rohit Shetty's upcoming flick Bol Bachchan, Ekta Kapoor's plans have hit a roadblock. TOI has learnt that the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) has refused to grant the trailer of her film a U or even a U/A certificate until and unless she deletes three scenes from it. Ekta has been left with little choice but relent to the demand. Work on a fresh new trailer is in progress, especially since she wants it to be carried with Bol Bachchan, which is a U/A film. The scenes the CBFC objected to include Anupam Kher's spoof on late Satyen Kapoo's character from Sholay, Riteish Deshmukh commenting on the female anatomy, and a spoof on John Abraham's production Vicky Donor. According to a source close to the film, \"The three scenes had heavy-duty double entendre. So while Ekta had informed Rohit the trailer would be ready before Bol Bachchan hits theatres, these hiccups meant extra work. However, the matter is somewhat settled now.\" Meanwhile, the inside buzz is Ekta hasn't taken the CBFC decision too badly because she wanted the trailer of her film to appear along with Shetty's film, more so since he is very close to their family. Tanuj Garg, CEO, Balaji Motion Pictures, said, \"Rohit was kind in agreeing to let us attach the all new U/A trailer of Kya Super Kool Hain Hum with Bol Bachchan .\" What about the version submitted to the CBFC that was granted an A certificate? \"It will be available for online consumption,\" Garg said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460014", "title": "City of Joy author Dominique Lapierre critically ill", "text": "Internationally renowned author Dominique Lapierre is critically ill.According to his friend in Kolkata, Jesuit Father Gaston Roberge, Lapierre fell down at his home in France and has been in a coma for several days now.Father Roberge said the Padma Bhushan recipient is on ventilator and other artificial life support systems.The doctors, Father Roberge added, fear that Lapierre's illness, which have affected his brain, could be terminal.A long time well wisher of Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity, Lapierre's Kolkata connection dates back to his bestseller book 'The City of Joy,' based on life in this teeming metropolis and his critical film on Mother Teresa (the first feature film on Mother Teresa, released in 1997), 'In the Name of God's Poor'.A large portion of the royalties of his books have been ploughed back into his social service NGO, Udayan, on the outskirts of Kolkata and in setting up floating dispensaries for the people of the Sunderbans.A prayer meet will be held at the tomb of the Blessed Mother Teresa of Kolkata, at the headquarters of Missionaries of Charity, for the speedy recovery of Lapierre tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "amritsar/jalandhar", "code": "14445475", "title": "Sarabjit's family doesn't buy Pak mistake story", "text": "AMRITSAR/JALANDHAR: Terming Pakistan's turnaround as a cruel joke, family members of Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh said on Wednesday that it was highly unbelievable that a blunder like this could happen at such a high level.Singh's wife Sukhpreet Kaur said the family was heartbroken and suspected there was more to Pakistan's U-turn than met the eye.\"It's a cruel joke played on us by the Pakistani government and we are heartbroken. They shouldn't have played with our sentiments like this,\" said Kaur.She said there was possibility that Pakistan government could have changed the decision under pressure from fundamentalist groups.Poonam Kaur, who was just 23 days old when her father Sarabjit Singh strayed into Pakistan in 1990, said that the family had made so many plans with Sarabjit after the news of his release broke on Tuesday.\"I had planned that we will hire a car, decorate it and bring Papa home from Attari border but Pakistan's U-turn just shattered all our dreams,\" said Poonam.However, despite the setback, the family has not given up the hope and vowed to keep on making efforts to bring back Sarabjit from Pakistan.Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur, who has been campaigning for her brother's release for the last around six years, appealed to Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari not to take back \"the great gift he had given to the family and to entire India.\"\"I am sure the President would not let any harm come Sarabjit's way and take steps for his release and would not succumb to any pressure from hardliners. It is a must for building up good relations between two countries,\" she said, blaming internal forces in Pakistan for the turnaround.\"If it was not originally Sarabjit's release which was decided by Pakistan then why did they take six hours to clarify on the issue?\" she questioned.Swapandeep, Sarabjit's older daughter said the developments had come as a rude shock as the earlier news had rekindled their hopes which crashed in the midnight.Swapandeep said that she was informed by Sarabjit's lawyer in Pakistan, Awais Sheikh, on Tuesday evening and then she spoke to a few officials in Pakistan who also told her that Sarabjit was being released and he had even been informed in jail about the decision.Despite her despair, Dalbir Kaur rang up the family of Surjeet Singh, the prisoner to be released instead of Sarabjit, to congratulate them. \"At least one Indian has been released from Pakistani jail and it is a matter of satisfaction and joy,\" she said adding \"Surjeet's name was exploited by Pakistan to wriggle out of the mess\".She said that though Sarabjit's release had been put on hold but the entire episode was giving a ray of hope that he would finally reach his motherland. \"Pakistan will have to release my innocent brother,\" said Dalbir.She said that apart from seeking visa to visit Pakistan in the next few days she intended to meet minister of External Affairs S M Krishna, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "dehgam (ahmedabad)", "code": "14447407", "title": "Raksha University jolted by people shakti", "text": "DEHGAM (AHMEDABAD): The 6,000-odd population of Lavad village in Dehgam that failed to unite during January panchayat elections and earn the government prize for a 'samras' village, is now unanimous in its protest against the establishment. The villagers do not want Raksha Shakti University on the outskirts of their village.The villagers want to know where their cattle, over 4,500 heads, will graze. Several other questions too have forced the farmers to lead an agitation against the state government's decision to allot 235 acres of land for Raksha Shakti University.Moreover, over 200 BPL families also depend on the area, where the university is coming up, for fuel to cook their food. These people, who are on the government's below poverty line (BPL) list, collect wood from the area, says village sarpanch Usha Chavan.She says that the village is united over the issue. \"During the panchayat elections, the villagers could not be united and form a samras gram panchayat but today they are united in their decision of not letting the university come up on village land.\"The gram panchayat has passed a resolution, unanimously opposing the setting up of the university. \"If the government wants the university let it take the same to some other village,\" she says.Chavan says that if any BPL cardholder applies for a house under the Indira Awas Yojna, the village won't have any land to give to the house.A social worker, Vinu Amin, says that in 1956, the state government had given 535 acre of land to the panchayat with the condition that the villagers would use it the grow vegetation suitable for cattle grazing.\"But in 1976, the villagers voted against Gabhaji Thakore, a MLA of the Janta party and stood by Ramsinh Merusinh Jhala. Thakore complained that the villagers had not followed the condition of grazing and hence the land should be taken back by the government. The government took away the land,\" Amin adds.Later the government allotted some land to ex-armymen and in 2009, Raksha Shakti University put up the board claiming the land. \"It was then that we realized that the land which was meant for the villagers is no more with them,\" said Amin.However, former sarpanch Sajansinh Narsinh Chavan claims that the earlier body was aware and hence they had given their verbal consent to the setting up of the university. He says that as per the record this was a government land since 1976.Associate professor and In-charge of Lavad project for the university, R S Patel, says, \"The entire village is not against the university, it is a couple of people who are opposing the us. The officials have tried to explain the benefits to the agitating villagers, but they are not willing to listen.\" He adds that it is not village community land but has been under the possession of the state home department for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "14444468", "title": "Women, kids take refuge in hillock", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Women and children of a particular dalit community in W Pudupatti near Watrap, numbering around 200, on Wednesday sought shelter in the hillocks complaining of police torture in the name of inquiry.The animosity between pallar (PL) and paraiyar (PR) groups of dalit community in W Pudupatti has been going on for more than 25 years with each group involving in riots over the period. Numerous cases have been filed against each community and the village used to be rocked with frequent riots. Under these circumstances, paraiyar community people at RC Street had complained that pallar people in Ambedkar Street pelted stones at their houses on June 24. Based on the complaint, police secured 26 persons from the paraiyar community and another six from pallar community. Most of the men from pallar community fled the village fearing arrest.On Wednesday, about 200 people, including several elders from the pallar community led by panchayat president, Paunthai sought shelter in the nearby hillocks charging that the police are torturing them in the name of inquiry and arrested their men. They also handed over 72 ration cards as a sign of their opposition. Paunthai complained that the other group is involved in framing them under false charges and they have arrested the village head, Thangaraj. \"As our men fled fearing arrest, we are not safe in the village if the opposite group comes to attack us. Hence, we have handed over the ration cards and took shelter in the hills,\" she said.Srivilliputhur DSP, S Sakthivel said that both communities are quarrelling over petty reasons and involved in a series of riots. \"During the period 2010 - 2012, there are 21 cases filed against each other on charges of rioting and attempt to murder and 14 of them were convicted or pending trial while another seven cases pending arrest. After years of quarrelling, we tried to engage both the communities in a constructive peace talk and they were quiet for last 13 months. But the trouble started again over the car festival and both communities started creating trouble complaining that the other group is pelting stones. On June 24, PR community complained that PL are involved in stone-pelting, hence we have to take stringent measures,\" he said.After the trouble started brewing out, the police have decided to arrest 100 people from both communities who were involved in riots over the period. \"We cannot allow these petty quarrels to go on for long because it may cascade into massive caste violence among the PL and PR people who are living in large numbers in nearby villages,\" Sakthivel pointed out.Police sources said that though many more arrested from PR community, they have not fled from the village. The elders amidst the PL community in the hillock are involved in peace talks among themselves and they are expected to come back to village on Thursday, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14442631", "title": "Bellary Reddy faces Rs 880 crore property attachment", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of the biggest property attachment cases under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, the Enforcement Directorate has identified assets worth more than Rs 880 crore belonging to former Karnataka minister G Janardhana Reddy, his associates and companies in the mining scam case.Reddy was grilled over two days in judicial custody in Bangalore on June 21 and 22 and his statement recorded on the charges made against him by the CBI. The ED had separately initiated cases against Reddy, his wife and associates under PMLA and is probing allegations of money laundering against them.Sources said the agency has enough evidence to attach properties and other assets of Reddy relating to his illicit earnings from the mining scam in Karnataka. His association with some Andhra Pradesh politicians is also being probed.More than 20 companies owned by Reddy and his associates are under the radar of the investigating agency where assets could be attached besides immovable properties.The ED's PMLA case was initiated after the CBI last month filed a chargesheet alleging that the former minister and his firms had made illegal gains at the cost of the exchequer to the tune of Rs 480 crore in the mining scam.Along with Reddy, CBI had charged six others, including his wife, his personal assistant, the former mines and geology director and two senior forest officials. All the accused will come under investigation in the PMLA case.The CBI case had held that Reddy's mining company illegally mined more than 30 lakh tonnes of iron ore valued at over Rs 1,700 crore and exported it against declared mining of only 40,000 tonnes which was accounted for in government records.The investigating agency had used laser technology and questioned witnesses to build its case against Reddy on the illicit mining and export of iron ore. It was found that Reddy, when he was still a minister in the BJP government, had used his influence to extract ore from mines contracted to other bidders and had forcibly taken over many mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440320", "title": "Mayor urges banks to help increase green cover", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole has urged the nationalized banks to support the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for increasing the city's green cover.The state government has set a target of planting one lakh trees for NMC. Accordingly, the NMC has chalked out a plan and is likely to kick off the project in coming days. NMC has decided to take the help of government institutions, nationalized banks, educational institutions and NGOs for the project.In this regard, the NMC held meeting with all nationalized banks on Wednesday. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui, garden superintendent NB Shrikhande and other officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14461667", "title": "Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sachin Yardi Cast: Riteish Deshmukh, Tusshar Kapoor , Sarah Jane Dias, Neha Sharma Producer: Ekta Kapoor Writer: Sachin Yardi Music: Sachin-Jigar, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy Editor: Aarif Shaikh Cinematographer: Ravi Walia Release Date: July 27, 2012SynopsisKyaa Super Kool Hain Hum, the sequel of Bollywood's most successful sex comedy of 2005, returns with its hit actor duo - Tusshar and Riteish Deshmukh.Young, energetic, musical, and infectiously entertaining, the Kyaa Kool Hai Hum franchise pioneered the wave of risque screwball comedies, including the notorious DK Bose character, essayed by Raj Zutshi.Adi (Tusshar) is an aspiring actor who ends up featuring in tacky tele-shopping network commercials to make ends meet.The dude (Riteish), as he is popularly called, wants to be a DJ but ends up getting offers only to play at rain dance functions and oldies' birthday parties.In the course of figuring out when lady luck will shine on him, Adi meets a girl with whom he hits it off immediately. His fortunes begin to change upon meeting her, which leads him to believe that she is lucky for him.Meanwhile the out-of-work dude, going through a cash crunch, finds support in his dog, who is paid to mate.Just when Adi is about to propose marriage to Siya, disaster strikes!A twisted turn of events reveals why both Adi and the dude must find Siya to retrieve something valuable in her custody.The boys embark on a fun-filled road trip to Goa, encountering crazy situations that are only a precursor to the madness that is waiting to unfold.Once in Goa, more characters come on the scene and more comic mayhem unfolds, as the protagonists hilariously manoeuvre their way through tricky situations of mistaken identities and misunderstandings.Much like its original, the sequel promises naughty, adult fun, right from set-up through to the lively and suspenseful final minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ludhaina", "code": "14449686", "title": "Yesterday once more", "text": "LUDHAINA: The city will drown again. With monsoon barely some days away and only 11% of the city covered with storm sewerage lines, which are also connected with the already-full domestic sewerage lines, Ludhiana will soon have familiar scenes of water gushing into houses, people climbing up rooftops and commuters trying to wade across roads.The civic authorities have planned several storm sewerage projects in the last couple of years to solve Ludhiana's water logging problem but none of these plans have materialized. In the last four financial budgets, Rs 50 lakh was allocated for laying storm sewerage and although MC records show that the whole amount was not spent, authorities claim they have not been able to work because of paucity of funds.Sources said except last financial year when MC claimed to spend Rs 45.34 lakh on laying separate storm sewerage lines, officials have only spent meagre amounts on the project. For 2012-13 budget MC has proposed Rs 20 crore for the project but not even a single project has been sanctioned for laying storm sewerage anywhere in city in the last three months.Meanwhile, residents are dreading the upcoming rains because water gushes into their houses or they have to swim across roads after each downpour. \"When civic officials are aware of the city's struggle with water logging, I cannot comprehend why they don't make arrangements in advance,\" said Ankita Jain, a homemaker staying in Civil Lines.Like every rainy season, this time too Ludhiana's streets will turn water-logged as MC has not done anything to hasten the storm sewerage lines.Businessman Amarjit Singh of Model Town said, \"Last year rain water entered our house because the domestic sewerage was unable to take the added load. It looks like this year too we will not be spared the mess. MC should think seriously about this problem.\"When TOI tried to contact MC commissioner M S Jaggi on his mobile phone \u2014 97800-39112 \u2014 on Wednesday, he did not receive the call. Additional commissioner (technical) of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, \"We need lots of funds for laying storm sewerage in the city but wherever we feel problem of water logging is at its worst we lay storm sewerage urgently. Moreover there is lack of planning in the department because of which we could not start projects in residential areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14440586", "title": "Passport office in South Goa after MEA approval", "text": "PANAJI: The Union ministry of external affairs (MEA) is considering opening a passport office in South Goa. Following demands for a passport office from residents of South Goa, many of whom work overseas and need to renew their passports often, the proposal is gaining momentum.NRI commissioner Wilfred Mesquita has written to the ministry of external affairs in this regard. Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik has also been demanding a passport office for South Goa for a while.The passport officer for Goa, Krishan Kumar, said a request for the office in South Goa was before the ministry and the office would be opened following approval from them.The state's lone passport office located in Patto has been turned into a Passport Seva Kendra as part of a nationwide TCS project.Kumar disclosed that presently the Passport Seva Kendra handles over 175 applications per day. The PSK is equipped to handle even more applications, he added.In another development, six other places in India will remain open on weekends as part of the ministry's directive to clear the backlog of application.The locations include Delhi, Lucknow, Bangalore and Chandigarh. The passport office in Goa need not follow the same trend as there is no backlog of applications, said Kumar.There is not a single file pending as the process for giving appointments for submission of documents is transparent and web-based, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446377", "title": "CBI to investigate Junagadh HIV case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday transferred probe to the CBI in the incident of 23 thalassemic kids in Junagadh contracting HIV through blood transfusion. CBI probe has been ordered for the first time by the HC while acting on a PIL.When the kids were found infected with HIV last year, parents and lawyers from the HC filed PIL demanding a thorough probe. The state government did not even register an FIR against erring officials. The court asked IPS officer Shobha Bhutada to probe the case, but the judges expressed disappointment at her efforts.Transferring the probe to the CBI, the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattachayra and Justice J B Pardiwala criticized Bhutada's probe and highlighted her inaction and blunders in its judgment. The judges were shocked at Bhutada's recording statement of local BJP MLA Mahendra Mashroo on the letterhead of a private blood bank, Sarvodaya Blood Bank, which faces charge of being criminally negligent in blood transfusion.Emphasizing on inaction on part of the IPS officer, the court noted that allegations were against high level officers and the legislator, who illegally occupied space in the government hospital and he being chairman of the blood bank invaded into government's official site and all top officials were blissfully ignorant about this.The court said that the administration saw to it that probe did not take place in proper manner, as the government was even reluctant to register an FIR. The court observed that no effective steps were taken during five months of probe and the system seemed supporting the private blood bank, which did not even have a license. \"In our view, the present case is an exceptional one where in the history of this country, at no point of time in the past, 23 innocent children have been alleged to be infected with HIV positive for the inaction or negligence on the part of a single government hospital and in such extraordinary circumstances, we are of the opinion, we should transfer the probe to the CBI,\" the court order read.The court said that handing over the probe to an independent agency could instill confidence among people in circumstances, wherein inaction is apparent. The court rejected all contentions raised by the state government. Certain lame arguments were also put forth by the government that the CBI officials might have problem in going through documents in Gujarati. To this, the judges wrote, \"We will definitely pass appropriate order for removing the difficulty in lawful way for the purpose of finding out the real culprit; otherwise, there will be no fair investigation and in future also, other innocent persons will be the victims of negligence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "14442772", "title": "PSI among four held for theft", "text": "BEED: A sub-inspector and a police driver were among the four people arrested on Tuesday for stealing Rs 20 lakh from the office of a courier company on June 18.\"PSI Sunil Jadhav, police driver Kailas Jadhav, his son Sagar Jadhav and an employee of the courier company Pratap Gajabhare were produced before the court on Tuesday evening and were remanded in seven days' police custody,'' said S D Jadhav, the assistant government pleader. One of the suspects was absconding, she added.According to the government pleader, it was a conspiracy hatched by Gajabhare, who knew that cash was also being handled at the courier company office and delivered to the parties. On June 18 he informed Sunil and Kailas that some cash had come to the office for delivery to some party. They reached the courier office at New Mondha in Nanded and said that they had information that marijuana was being transported thorough the courier service.The courier service manager Chandrakant Muktalwar allowed them to check the consignments. The duo searched the premises and did a 'panchanama', saying that nothing incriminating was found. However, before leaving the office, they spirited away a packet containing the cash. On the following day, Shrikant Raut, a senior official of the company, asked Muktalwar about the packet. But Muktalwar pleaded ignorance and Raut approached the Itwara police. Muktalwar was arrested on June 19 and remanded in police custody till Tuesday, the police said.During investigations the police came to know about the visit of Sunil, who hails from Kolhapur, and the driver, to the courier company under the pretext of checking for narcotics. The police called the SI for questioning. Initially, he denied any role in the crime, but gave in when he was told that he would be subjected to narco test if he didn't speak the truth. He confessed to taking away the packet containing cash.The police arrested Sunil and recovered Rs 4.7 lakh from him and Rs 7 lakh from Sagar, son of police driver Kailas. The police also arrested Gajabhare who had informed the SI about the courier service delivering cash. The police were looking another suspect, a worker at the courier service, who has disappeared following the arrest of the PSI and others, the police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439511", "title": "Fire brigade begins audit of government buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: Fire and emergency services department officials on Wednesday started inspection of government buildings starting with Vidhan Bhavan where winter session of state's legislature is held. The inspection of government buildings will be carried out in three phases and for that three teams have been formed, informed chief fire officer A N Khan.Assistant station officers Khemraj Chandekar and D Nakod will inspect Ravi Bhavan, Nag Bhavan, MLA hostel, district collectorate, tehsil office and government library. The second team of Sudhakar Kale and Sadavshiv Bhende will inspect of Raj Bhavan, Ramgiri, Devgiri, administrative buildings 1 &amp; 2 and police commissioner's office. The third team will cover buildings like district court, Dagdi building (old court), treasury office, family court and industrial court.One of the inspection team members told TOI that they had selected these buildings as they were the place where VIPs frequently visited or buildings that see many footfalls as at district court and collectorate. A senior fire official admitted that many state government buildings were heritage structures. \"Therefore, structural changes in these buildings will not be possible,\" he said. Most violations will pertain to hanging of electrical cables, overloading of electrical appliances etc.\"The department will have to complete and submit the report within one month,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14450197", "title": "Cloud cover brings out Ludhiana\u2019s bright side", "text": "LUDHIANA: With clouds covering the sky and a cool breeze blowing around the city, residents woke up to pleasant weather on Wednesday morning. Though the clouds gave way to bright sunshine after some hours and then played hide-and-seek with the sun, Ludhianvis did not struggle to get past the day as there was a marginal dip in temperature. Maximum temperature on Wednesday was 37.4 degrees celsius, down from 38.5 degrees on Tuesday and minimum was 27.6 degrees whereas it was 29.2 degrees on Tuesday.Head of met department, Chandigarh, Surinder Pal, however, said the relief was just temporary caused by cyclonic circulation over Punjab. But, residents did not complain and made the most of the break from heat. \"There was a cool breeze blowing on Wednesday morning almost like an air conditioner. My kids went out to the park in our locality,\" said Amanpreet Kaur, a resident of Sarabha Nagar.Gurdev Nagar-resident Jaswinder Singh Balliewal and Ashish Singhania of Model Town, who go for morning walks, were happy to not be soaked in sweat. \"Though I go walking every day, on Wednesday I did not feel any fatigue because of the cool breeze,\" said Jasvinder, a restaurateur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460235", "title": "Exercise cuts Alzheimer\u2019s disease risk", "text": "In a new study, researchers have revealed the benefits of exercise in combating Alzheimer's disease .The most common cause of dementia, Alzheimer's disease results in the loss of cognitive faculty.In the majority of cases, Alzheimer's occurs after age 65, and factors such as diet and exercise appear to play a role in its development, with high-fat diets as a risk factor.The research led by Ayae Kinoshita at the Kyoto University Graduate School of Medicine in Japan compared the effects of diet control, voluntary exercise and diet control plus exercise in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.The results showed that exercise was more beneficial than diet control in reducing \u00df-amyloid formation, which is a defining characteristic of Alzheimer's disease, and restoring memory loss induced by a high-fat diet in these mice.Moreover, Kinoshita's team found that the effect of diet control plus exercise was not significantly different than exercise alone.The researchers attribute the positive effects of exercise to increased degradation of \u00df-amyloid deposits in the brain.\"Based on the results in this research exercise should be given priority to prevent Alzheimer's disease,\" Kinoshita said.The study has been published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14459971", "title": "HC orders removal of encroachers from land for quake victims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has ordered demolition of temples and ashram shalas put up on a 100-acre plot that was allotted for rehabilitation of the earthquake affected people in Adhoi village of Kutch district.Acting on a PIL filed by a Mumbai resident, who hails from Kutch, a bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala ordered removal of encroachment and also ordered an inquiry against responsible officials.This encroached land was part of total 300 acre acquired after the 2001 quake for rehabilitation of villagers. The Maharashtra government had adopted this village for rehabilitation purpose and constructed 500 houses.A 100-acre chunk of land was kept reserved for public purpose, but private groups constructed temples and commercial complexes by obtaining permission form the village panchayat, which was illegal.The Mumbai-based trader Khetsinh Shah filed a PIL against this encroachment, and other groups also moved to the HC seeking protection to their illegally put up constructions.After hearing the case, the bench expressed displeasure for the sorry state of affairs and observed, \"In our country, shelter for poor is more important than building temples.\" With this, the court ordered the district collector to issue a notice to encroachers to remove the illegal construction within two weeks.For the purpose of inquiry into the issue and initiate disciplinary action against the erring officials, the government has been asked to set up a committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patiala/sangrur", "code": "14445865", "title": "NREGA's non-existent impact on migrant labourers", "text": "PATIALA/SANGRUR: Everyone agrees that the NREGA is causing a shortage of agricultural labour. Everyone, that is, except the workers themselves.For the last two years, the \"success\" of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (commonly referred to as NREGA) in reducing the number of men migrating out of India's poorest states has become something of a truism. In Punjab, this has resulted in dozens of news articles about the shortage of migrant labour from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar during peak agricultural seasons. Bureaucrats, industrialists and some farmers, all agree with this assessment. However, an in-depth look at the situation during the paddy transplantation season\u2014the most labour-intensive operation in Punjab's agriculture\u2014shows that NREGA is a minor, if not insignificant, component of the changing landscape.The Union ministry of labour and employment says that it has no evidence of a shortage of farm labour, and no evidence of any impact of NREGA. At the data level also in Punjab, there is no evidence of any slowdown in the number of agricultural migrants who come at the peak season. While the Punjab government says that it does not maintain data on the number of migrants coming to the state, economist Ranjit Singh Ghuman, the Nehru SAIL chair at the Centre for Research in Rural and Industrial Development in Chandigarh, has studied the issue. \"Eight lakh migrant workers come to Punjab during the peak seasons. There is little or no change in this number,\" Ghuman says.Even at the statistical level, NREGA as a factor in any \"labour shortage\" seems like a stretch given how poorly the scheme performs in Bihar, the source state for the maximum number of migrant labourers at this time. In 2011-12, just 9% of Bihar's households accessed the scheme. Further, the average participant got only 38 days of work as against the statutory maximum of 100 available days, making it one of India's worst performing states for the NREGA.Unsurprisingly, over 100 migrants that TOI spoke to in Punjab's rice belt of Patiala and Sangrur districts said that the scheme was not enough to keep them from migrating for paddy transplantation work. Misri Lal has been coming to Punjab from Bihar's East Champaran district every year, for the last 22 years. \"I have a job card [for the NREGA] but I haven't sought work under the scheme. Most people get their wages for NREGA work very late. I will keep coming to Punjab every year,\" said Lal, while working on a rice field in Patiala district's Gajju Majra village.Working alongside him was Babu Lal Sahni, who was part of a group of 13 men from the same village, and has been coming to Patiala for the last four years. \"We will get paid around Rs 1,800 per acre that we sow. We will work for several farmers, so by the end of the sowing season, we can each earn up to Rs 8,000. Every few days, we wire the money home. Compare this with doing NREGA work, where you will get just a few thousand rupees for the whole year, and that too much delayed,\" said Sahni.In the adjoining Khedi Malan village, Lakhan Singh has come from Uttar Pradesh's Bijnore district. \"I got only 3 days of work last year in NREGA. Less than half of our village has got job cards. A few days of work is no reason for any sensible person to stop coming to Punjab,\" he laughed.While it is conceivable that those who choose to migrate may not be in a position to speak of those who decided not to migrate this year, the workers TOI spoke to said that no one in their family or village who migrated in previous years has chosen to stay back since the advent of NREGA.Resting under a tree during their post-lunch break from work on the fields of Patiala's Sanserwal village was a group of workers from Bihar's Saharsa district. \"We came by the Janseva Express and there were fights at many stations because the train was packed with workers like us while more wanted to get on,\" said Mohammed Sanjur. \"Just see how packed all the trains coming from Bihar are. Anyone who thinks there are fewer workers coming should go and count the number of tickets being sold,\" said Rajendra Sharma, a worker from Bihar's Supaul district.Many farmers agree that the number of migrant workers has not reduced; it's just that they aren't available at the right time. In Sangrur district's Nagra village, Khem Singh encourages the workers on his field, who are from Madhubani district, to speak out. \"Everyone seems to think that Bihar has become America, but if these poor men were getting paid well in their villages, why would they come so far to work so hard?\" he asked.G S Sandhu, Punjab's financial commissioner (development), however believes that there is a shortage of migrant agricultural labour and that part of the solution is a ban on NREGA during peak agricultural seasons. The migrants TOI spoke to though said that they only seek NREGA work during the lean season.If NREGA has had some impact, it appears to be in two ways. One, some migrant workers say that if a child or parent was to fall ill, the scheme might allow them to stay back in their village and still get some work. Second, the scheme might have had an impact in raising the base wage rate, says the CRRID's Ghuman. \"The farmers' lobby has opposed the raising of the minimum wage in Punjab for the last three years. Bureaucrats are also opposed to the implementation of NREGA in Punjab. I think this bias is part of the reason they blame NREGA in Bihar for this non-existent shortage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14447749", "title": "Move smacks of pressure from anti-peace forces: Sarabjit's lawyer Sheikh", "text": "AMRITSAR: Awais Sheikh, Sarabjit Singh's Pakistani lawyer, said on Wednesday that authorities changed the decision to release Sarabjit at the last moment under pressure from fundamentalist forces, which were against Indo-Pak bonding.He said that Sarabjit-Surjeet fiasco couldn't have been caused because of mistaken identities as the cases against both are of completely different nature.\"Sarabjit is facing capital punishment and Surjeet has got life imprisonment which leaves no scope for confusion,\" said Sheikh.\"So whatever happened is shameful,\" said Sheikh, who was the first to break the news of Sarabjit's release. He said his effigies were being burnt in parts of Pakistan by those who were against India-Pakistan friendship.Sheikh said that news of Sarabjit's release was correct and later the government took a u-turn. \"Pakistan government has also not given a good message to the international community and has disappointed everyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448343", "title": "Youngsters thumb a ride attitude", "text": "INDORE: Sample these: \"Has mat pagli pyar ho jayega,\" \"Sasuraal se Sahayata Praapt\", \"Meri bhool batana waale mere param mitra hain,\" \"Girlfriend ka Aashiwaad\", \"Ghar kab aaoge,\" \"I was born intelligent but education ruined me,\" \"Hell was full, so I am back,\" \"Papa's gift,\" \"Mom's boy.\"These are some of the expressions, bike-crazy youth of the city use to convey their attitude audaciously to the world. Comical and at times serious; these slogans can be seen written mostly on the rear registration number plate of the bikes zooming around.Biker Anshul Ghanwat has got a slogan \"Serious Gamer\" on his bike. And he claims that it suits his profile.\"I am a virtual gamer, and I take my hobby seriously,\" says he adding that there is nothing wrong in blowing one's own trumpet.Shabbir Ahmed takes pride in revealing that his mother gifted him the bike. This is evident from the slogan \"Mom's Gift\" boldly painted on the registration number plate. Amol Patil, another biker got a blue-tooth (logo) designed with a slogan \"Searching for a new girl friend.\" \"I mean it,\" says Amol adding that he has been longing for one. Then, there are some slogans which advise you to stay away from girls and intend to educate on saving petrol and energy.\"Ignore girls...save petrol.\" Mayank says that he got it written on his bike to make people realize the importance of saving petrol, especially after the recent price hike. \"I do not see anything wrong in this,\" he said adding that many of his friends have got such slogans jotted down on their bike's registration plate.Apart from the educational and love slogans, there are some bikers who proudly mention their clan. \"Son of Sardar \" and \"Royal Rajput\" are among the common ones,There are some who claim to be \"Proud to be Indian.\"However, some bikers choose expressions that suit their attitudes and traits like \"Night Rider\" who loves to wander at night, or to say \"I am a man of words.\"Abhishek Singh Sisodiya, a communication student says, \"Basically we write these for fun, and to grab attention of the mob. College goers like us love sticking phrases.\" He further adds, \"I own an expensive bike, therefore I chose an uncommon slogan for my bike \"A class apart.\" One of my friends has got a classic thought written at the back of his new bullet \"Build like a Gun, goes like a Bullet \"and \"Mutant Unit\" in the front.\" However, as per the RTO officials, slogans on number plates are illegal and tend to create nuisance on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14459384", "title": "Local extortionist who threatened MLA was influenced by Mumbai underworld", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the arrest of alleged extortionist Neeraj Bawana for threatening a MLA from Bawana along with several businessmen whose factories are located in that industrial area, the special staff who are questioning him claim Neeraj had planned to escape to Dubai via Nepal once the ransom money of Rs 50 lakh was paid.The probe has also established that it was his gang which had fired indiscriminately at a leading property dealer's office at Rohini when he was out on a trip to China two months ago. Both crimes, sources claim was ``inspired'' by dreaded extortionist Fazlu Rehman (who operated from Dubai, Malaysia and Nepal) with whom Neeraj had spent some time in Tihar jail five years ago. The cops though are not clear whether the spate of extortion calls received from both Neeraj and Sandeep Chitania recently were ordered by any of Fazlu's henchmen now lodged in Tihar jail.According to Joint CP (northern range) Tajinder Luthra, Neeraj had shared some time with Fazlur earlier. ``Neeraj came in touch with bigger criminals like Fazlur in the Tihar Jail and his ambitions soared,'' said Luthra. He was advised that one way of rising the ladder in the crime world was to target `influential' people.Two years later, when Neeraj came out of jail, he decided to use target big businessmen following this advice. He used his new found contacts in Delhi, Nepal and Dubai to the hilt. He had always planned to escape to the Middle East after making a big catch, claimed police sources.The sources also said that he was in touch with extortionists in Delhi, Mumbai, Uttar Pradesh and several other states. He featured in one of the most wanted list prepared recently by the crime branch and special cell.Sources claim any links between Neeraj and Fazlu will be probed by the special cell. Earlier, Fazlu's name spelt terror in the heart of the rich and famous. He started his crime career in Darbhanga, Bihar , and later came into contact with notorious mafia don Babloo Srivastava in Tihar jail in 1995. In 1997 he escaped to Dubai where he took command of Irfan Gogag's gang after his death.Fazlu made several sensational kidnappings for ransom which include that of industrialist Gautam Adani from Ahmedabad and Sanjay Aggarwal, owner of Pan Parag from Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "14442876", "title": "Eye on Rs 37 lakh, he pushed 6 relatives into canal", "text": "Fatehgarh Sahib: A man has been arrested for allegedly killing six of his relatives, including two children, by pushing them into Bhakra canal, near Mukandpura village of the district, with an eye on the Rs 37lakh kept in their house.Khushwinder Singh was arrested on Wednesday on the complaint of his cousin Jasmine, 30, the lone surviving member of the family, who managed to swim to safety.Khushwinder had taken the entire family to the canal on the pretext of curing his relative Gurinder Singh, an alcoholic, with the help of a 'tantric baba.'Police said Gurinder had recently sold his land for Rs 37 lakh, and the amount was lying at his house. ''Knowing this, Khushwinder hatched the plot of eliminating the entire family to lay his hands on the money,'' said Fathehgarh SSP Mandip Sidhu.Sidhu added that Khushwinder managed to convince the family members that a tantric baba could cure Gurinder's drinking problem, but they would have to meet him near Bhakra canal.According to police, on the night of June 25, Khushwinder took Gurinder, his mother Parmjit Kaur and brother-in-law Gurinder Singh to the canal and made them stand on the embankment. Then he asked them to shut their eyes and turn their faces towards the canal, and then pushed them all into the swirling waters.Khushwinder returned the next day and told the other family members that they also would have to accompany him as Gurinder and others were waiting for them.He took Jasmine, her seven- year-old son Jaskirat and six-year-old daughter Prabhsimran and her father Gurmale to the canal bank.According to Jasmine's complaint, on reaching the canal, Khushwinder got her father drunk, saying the mantras would not work if he didn't consume liquor.\"Khushwinder asked us to stand on the embankment of canal and turn our faces towards the canal. As we turned, he said rest of the family members were also about to reach there. But as we closed our eyes, he pushed us, but I swam out of the canal,\" Jasmine told police.The SSP said Khushwinder had confessed to his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14445786", "title": "'Mythri' move to rein in fleecing drivers", "text": "MYSORE: Now those planning to visit the Heritage City to have a glimpse of the world famous Dasara festivities can heave a sigh of relief. More than 100 GPS-enabled Mythri autorickshaws and 50 cabs will be ready here to save you from the clutches of fleecing autorickshaw and cab drivers in the city.In the wake of increasing complaints of drivers exploiting tourists visiting the city, especially during the Dasara celebrations, the district administration and the tourism department have joined hands to launch Mythri, a tourist-friendly transport system.Under the project, 100 autorickshaws and 50 cabs will be introduced initially. This will be increased during the festival season.The vehicles will be equipped with GPS, audio player and wireless service. There will be newspapers and leaflets placed inside. There will be audio commentary about each place in Kannada, Hindi and English. The GPS system will help the authorities track the vehicle movement, district commissioner P S Vastrad said.Drivers who have passed PUC and graduation will be trained for the purpose. They will be given 15-day training in soft skills, spoken English and etiquettes. Drivers will have to invest Rs 25,000 while the district administration will sanction Rs 50,000 each for autos and cabs.This initiative is mooted to implement the concept \"Athithi Devobava\", said K S Nagapathi, director, Mahajan tourism development institute.The fare in the Mythri vehicles will be 10 per cent higher than the ordinary vehicles. Mysoreans can also utilize the facility, the DC said and added that the project will take off in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460108", "title": "Stem cells may help reverse diabetes", "text": "In a new study, researchers have successfully reversed diabetes in mice using stem cells , thereby paving the way for a breakthrough treatment for a disease that affects millions worldwide .The research by Timothy Kieffer, from University of British Columbia in collaboration with scientists from the New Jersey-based BetaLogics, is the first to show that human stem cell transplants can successfully restore insulin production and reverse diabetes in mice.Crucially, they re-created the \"feedback loop\" that enables insulin levels to automatically rise or fall based on blood glucose levels.After the stem cell transplant, the diabetic mice were weaned off insulin, a procedure designed to mimic human clinical conditions.Three to four months later, the mice were able to maintain healthy blood sugar levels even when being fed large quantities of sugar.Transplanted cells removed from the mice after several months had all the markings of normal insulin-producing pancreatic cells.\"We are very excited by these findings, but additional research is needed before this approach can be tested clinically in humans,\" Kieffer said.\"The studies were performed in diabetic mice that lacked a properly functioning immune system that would otherwise have rejected the cells. We now need to identify a suitable way of protecting the cells from immune attack so that the transplant can ultimately be performed in the absence of any immunosuppression,\" Kieffer added.The study has been recently published online in Diabetes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440274", "title": "Brace for 3-day taxi strike", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is desperately promising to 'set right' every ill in the transport sector to prevent cabbies and other transporters from going on strike.But going by the mood of the transporters, at least a dozen organisations will go on a 72-hour strike from 6am on July 7 to 6am on July 10. Minibus operators may join cabbies in the shutdown.Transport minister Madan Mitra is due to meet transporters on July 6 and is already making every promise he can to stop them from carrying out their threat. But taxi owners are miffed with his \"empty promises\" and say that rising operating costs have forced their hand. The strike may last even longer than 72 hours, they warn.Mitra has a tough task ahead of him. \"We have set up a committee, headed by an IAS officer , to come up with a comprehensive report on the long standing demands of bus, taxi and autorickshaw operators. We are keen to implement its recommendations and a lot of their demands will be met,\" the minister told TOI.Mitra said he has constituted another committee under joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar. \"The committee will see that no transport operator is a victim of police-extortion. Once all these mechanisms are in vogue, the transporters will calm down to a great extent,\" he said.Mitra said that taxi-drivers on lunch will have to paste a 'lunch-time board' in the front and rear windshields. If they do so, they will not be charged for refusing passengers. \"I have issued the gazette notification on the 15% extra night service charge. The government has agreed to this demand,\" said Mitra.However, this isn't enough to placate cabbies. \"The minister had promised to fulfill most of our demands within a month, which is why we postponed our strike. But that period has passed and we do not find any change. Police atrocities have increased manifold. We are under tremendous pressure from our members to hold the strike,\" said Bengal Taxi Association assistant secretary Sanjib Roy.\"We are sympathetic to their demands. But each notification takes time. We are sincerely trying to undo a lot of injustice done to the transport operators in the long Left regime,\" Mitra said, adding that the notification for putting advertisements on cabs will be cleared soon. Even without increasing the fare, the cabbies must explore ways to earn extra bucks. Advertisement is definitely one of ways. Mitra also claimed that the government has already designated some space for taxi stands across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14440483", "title": "Woman dies minutes after caesarean at Gondia hospital", "text": "Gondia: The death of a woman minutes after her caesarean operation at the local Bai Gangabai Hospital for Women (BGW Hospital) on Tuesday has again brought into focus the lack of proper service, infrastructure and medicines at the hospital for various reasons.One Asha Khotode (29) of village Khamari, about 7km from Gondia, was admitted at BGW Hospital on June 25 for delivery. Since there was no possibility of normal delivery, she underwent a caesarean operation on Tuesday afternoon and delivered a female child. The child is safe but Khotode died minutes after the operation ended.This spread a scare in the hospital and the relatives of the woman lady alleged she died due to inadequate medicines. However, medical superintendent Dr Naseem Akhtar categorically denied this allegation and said there was no lapse, mistake or negligence on the part of doctors involved in the caesarean operation. She told TOI that she herself was present during the operation as specialist anaesthetist.\"Senior surgeon Dr Asha Agrawal and Dr Pawan Raut performed the operation and it is true that the patient died within four minutes of the operation due to cardio respiratory arrest. Although this is very rare, it happens sometimes after rupture of amniotic fluid system,\" she said.After the death of the patient, Dr Naseem had offered to send the body for post mortem to assure relatives, but they were convinced there was no fault of the hospital or any doctor in this case, and refused to go for post mortem.Without mentioning the latest case, Dr Naseem expressed her general displeasure regarding lack of interest from the peoples representatives regarding repairs of costly life-saving equipment like CAT scanner etc. \"The special power feeder installed at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore is not working and we have to keep working with invertors, which have limitations. We cannot provide cooling to all wards, except the ICU,\" she said.When asked why the hospital is always in the news for the wrong reasons, Dr Naseem said that instead of cooperating with us regarding shortage of staff, some vested interests create problems and instigate patients to complain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447826", "title": "High court tells bank to not harass pensioners", "text": "Mumbai: The Bombay high court has restrained a bank from taking possession of flats at a housing society in Vile Parle (West) after a builder mortgaged the land keeping original tenants and flat buyers in the dark.Do not harass pensioners, the court told Indian Bank. Justice B R Gavai, who heard a suit filed by tenants of and flat buyers in Om Saket Cooperative Housing Society, said that the bank should execute a Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) decree against the builder, \"who is the borrower and not against the petitioners, who are retired pensioners\". The judge said, \"Prima facie, it appears that on account of the fraudulent act committed by defendant no 1 (the builder) of not intimating the bona fide purchasers about the equitable mortgage, the bona fide purchasers would be deprived of their shelter at the fag end of their life.\"Granting an injunction against the bank from dispossessing the tenants and flat buyers, the judge said that the bank can very well proceed to recover its amount from the builder.The petitioners had moved court against a March 20, 1997, decree the DRT passed under the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, directing the bank take over the flats.They also challenged an ex-parte order of the HC, which the bank had earlier obtained against Apurva Builders on the grounds that fraud had been committed upon the flat buyers. The petition contended that the builder took a loan of Rs 25 lakh in 1988\u2014which the bank now claims to have become Rs 8 crore.Prior to the housing society, the land, on Baptista Road, had an old building called Noronha Villa. Petitioners' advocate Nusrat Shah argued that the land could not have been mortgaged as it became the property of the society under the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act. \"At the time of purchase of the flats, the builder had not disclosed anything about the loan taken by him from the bank by mortgaging the land. Therefore, fraud was committed,\" said Shah. \"The plaintiffs are retired pensioners and if their possession is not protected in their last days of life, they will come on the streets.\"The bank's advocate said the HC had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and that appeal was provided under the Sarfaesi Act. The judge's remarks followed this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14454385", "title": "Ekta wants a share of distribution pie", "text": "Her production house will now set up an in-house distribution wing which will be headed up by her uncle Ramesh Sippy, who was recently inducted into the companyFrom being a television series production house (and eventually ruling the small screen with over 100 shows) to being one of the most prolific film producers, Balaji has come a long way. And now, the company's head honcho Ekta Kapoor has decided to expand further and get into the distribution space. Following the same module as Yash Raj Films and UTV Motion Pictures, Balaji Motion Pictures will now distribute their own ventures.Ekta's maternal uncle Ramesh Sippy, who rejoined the company a couple of months back, will head the distribution department. While Sippy confirmed the development, Tanuj Garg, CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures added, \"Setting up an in-house all-India distribution infrastructure is only logical for a company like ours that is at the forefront of content creation and marketing. This will give us greater control on the value chain, which is in line with deriving studio status.\"A senior member from the Balaji office revealed the idea to get into distribution was in fact Ekta's brainchild. \"She discussed it with her parents, Jeetendra and Shobha Kapoor. They seconded it. She had a long meeting with the top officials of the company, who felt that the idea to get into distribution makes a lot of business sense. More often than not, selling one's film to a distributor fails to yield the expected profits. Also, there's a lack of transparency. Having an in-house distribution channel will ensure relatively higher returns on every venture,\" said the Balaji official.Balaji's distribution business is expected to take off in the next four months. For now, the new team will occupy one of the floors in the existing Balaji office in Andheri. And bureau offices will also be set up in major cities across the country. However, there is a possibility of an entirely new office being built for distribution. \"A large team will soon be appointed for this new department in our company,\" the senior member added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437586", "title": "Government foils attempt to grab land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Foiling an alleged attempt of land grabbing incident, the state government has called the bluff of those who sought to possess it on the basis of a 200-year-old gift deed.The office of chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA), Minnie Mathew passed an order on June 18 cancelling NOCs granted by the government for construction on 'abadi' land (land that is considered common village property) measuring 2.57 acre located in the vicinity of Midhani bus depot and Owaisi Hospital at Phisal Banda in Bandlaguda mandal. The CCLA ordered the collector to reclaim the land. According to real estate experts, abadi land does not find a mention in town survey records and unless there is prior possession, the land is usually presumed to be government property for common use.In March 2010, five individuals (applicants), belonging to the same family had filed for a 'no objection certificate' from the government on Phisal Banda land which was surprisingly granted within a week. The individuals had shown gift deeds from the time of Maharaja Chandulal (1222 Hijri or around 1801CE, as stated by the applicants) to prove their 'ownership' of the land. After the NOCs were issued, an objection was raised by members of CPM claiming that the land was 'abadi' land. Later, based on the recommendations of commissioner of survey, settlements and records, the NOCs were put in abeyance by the Hyderabad district collector.The collector had also requested the government in December 2010 to cancel the NOCs as they were not in tune with the law. The government directed the CCLA to take necessary action. Incidentally, the Lok Ayukta, which had earlier taken up the case suo motto, also directed the CCLA to look into the matter.In their reply to the show cause notices issued by the CCLA, the applicants detailed their 'inheritance' of the property and also maintained that some land was acquired by the government for industrial development and road widening. In a remark, the collector said the government cannot acquire the said 'abadi' land and that the applicants submitted no proof of land acquisition. Based on the responses of the applicants and the remarks of the collector, the CCLA cancelled the NOCs on the ground that they were obtained by misrepresenting facts and taking wrongful advantage of ambiguity in records. The collector was ordered to take possession of the land and secure it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444310", "title": "Mission armed forces takes root in banyan city", "text": "VADODARA: A small initiative that started way back in 2006 to guide Gujarat's youngsters to join defence forces has now turned into a full-fledged project with a mission to form Gujarat regiment in the armed forces. A foundation stated by a city-based youngster Sumeet Tembe and his friends has been working hard to motivate youngsters from Gujarat to join armed forces. And, their efforts are yielding results as hundreds of school and college students are turning up for the camps organized by Tembe.Tembe had officially initiated Balshali Project in March last year in Ahmedabad to facilitate youngsters in joining the armed forces. His foundation has been organizing training camps in different cities of Gujarat to motivate and support youngsters who want to join military. \"I had joined NCC when I was in school and also became the first best cadet from Air Wing in Gujarat. I always wanted to join defence forces. In 2006 I wanted guidance for joining armed forces but very few options were available,\" Tembe told TOI.Tembe's mother Yashaswini then approached some Air Force officials and requested them to hold a camp for guiding her son and other school students. And, the movement for guiding and motivating youngsters to join military began soon. \"We started approaching schools and colleges in several cities of Gujarat. Senior officials from army, air force and navy used to visit educational institutes and guide students about how to join armed forces,\" Yashaswini, who has completed military course from Bhonsla Military School, said.With the help of city-based enthusiast and sports-lover Dr Bhagwati Oza, Yashaswini and her son Sumeet organized training camps in Surat, Visnagar, Rajkot, Porbandar and Ahmedabad. \"Very few youngsters from Gujarat even think of joining armed forces and those who are interested seldom get proper guidance. We are just acting as a channel between the armed forces and the youngsters. Our aim is to have more and more Gujaratis in the armed forces so that some day, we will have a Gujarat regiment,\" Tembe added.Yashaswini said that their efforts are bringing in desired results as the number of enrolments for armed forces from Ahmedabad, Surat and Visnagar have increased in last few years. The Eplus foundation formed by Tembe will now begin approaching school students in Vadodara from July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439946", "title": "New service tax regime from July 1", "text": "KOLKATA: With a new service tax regime set to be imposed from July 1, the debt-ridden state government may get hundred crores more from the share of indirect central taxes in this fiscal. Thanks to the good growth in excise and service tax collection from the state in this financial year so far this year. Going by the indication, the combined collection of service tax, excise tax and customs duty could be more than Rs 25,000 crore from Kolkata circle, which is would be Rs 5,000 to Rs 5,500 crore more than 2011-12.The states get a share of excise and customs duty, though the service tax distribution formula has not yet been worked out. Commissioner of service tax and central excise Sunil K Das, however, though was tight-lipped about the figures but added that there was a good growth in service and excise tax last year. and it could be even better this year.\"The collection of service tax will be definitely much better this year following the new service tax regime from July 1. The excise collection is also good,\" Das said. He was talking to reporters after an interactive session with the members of MCC Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Incidentally, from July 1,2012,Service tax will is set to be imposed on all services except 17 items specified in the negative list. As a result barring 17 items under the negative list everything will come under tax.The states get 2.5% of the central tax collected from the region except service tax.Das The service tax and central excise commissioner said there has been a growth of 37% in the service tax collection from Bengal in 2011-12, which was one of the highest in the country. \"The total collection was Rs 3,200 crore which is good,\" he said. The tax experts feel that the figure should be double this year with introduction of new areas under service tax. In the excise front,The state had registered a growth of 25% in excise tax collection. \"The collection of excise tax was Rs 7,500 crore while customs duty was Rs 7,600 crore.\" he added.The total service tax collection in India was Rs 97,000 crore in 2011-12 from Rs 64,000 crore in 2010-11. It may be noted that the state government is hoping to cross Rs 30,000 crore revenue collection mark from state taxes this year. The state finance minister had earlier said that it has collected additional revenue of Rs 4,000 crore in 2011-12 though there was no new tax. It was Rs 25,000 crore in 2011-12 compared to Rs 21,000 crore in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447864", "title": "Khar police are about to close Viveka suicide case", "text": "Mumbai: The police are on the verge of closing the Viveka Babajee case, reopened in April, as the model's family members have identified the handwriting on her putative suicide note as hers.\"We could not find anything new during the reinvestigation. Even her mother has ruled out foul play. Therefore, we have almost closed the investigation. But we are awaiting a handwriting expert's opinion regarding the suicide note,\" said senior inspector Mangesh Pote of the Khar police station.A source said it was Babajee's mother who identified the handwriting on the suicide note, which read: \"U killed me, Gautam Vora.\" The police also questioned a few of Babajee's close friends, but their answers could not throw fresh light on the case, which was reopened after Vora's arrest in April for allegedly sheltering double-murder accused Vijay Palande after he escaped from police custody. A source said that no evidence emerged to prove that Vora, a stockbroker who was allegedly Babajee's boyfriend, abetted the suicide.The model, who shot to fame with a contraceptive advertisement, was found hanging inside her flat on Carter Road, Bandra, on June 25, 2010. Born in Mauritius, she was crowned Miss Mauritius in 1993, following which she pursued a career in modelling and acting.The suicide note, found in a diary that was recovered from her flat, raised suspicions if Vora had any role in the incident. The police then questioned Vora and Kartik Jobanputra-another friend of Babajee-but did not find any evidence to link either of them to the suicide.Vora was released on bail last month. During his 14-day custody, the police did not question him in the Babajee case as they did not find any reason to do so.On the day of Babajee's death, her neighbours called the police and the fire brigade after they smelt cooking gas emanating from her flat and received no response when they knocked on her door. Inside, Viveka was found hanging; the flat was in a mess, indicating that she might have been depressed. The police then registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439426", "title": "Unijules helps 300 malnutrition-hit kids", "text": "NAGPUR: A city-based pharmaceutical company has adopted 300 children from various aanganwadis to help the state government curb incidence of malnutrition. Five months of providing these children with nutritious food and supplements, 70% have shown improvement.Unijules Lifesciences had taken a six-month project under the state government's Integrated Child Development Scheme. Most children, who were suffering from higher grades of malnutrition in the beginning, are no longer under the 'red mark' in terms of nourishment.Paediatrician Dr Gopal Mohta, who was treating these children under the project, said, \"we first assessed the deficiency in all the kids. Then we gave them the required medication, advised them some dietary changes and even provided foodstuff like moong dal. Their progress was monitored continuously over the months.\" He believed the primary cause for under nourishment in most of the children was the parents being unaware of their nutritional needs.\"It is good to see that most children have gained weight and are much healthier and more active. Our responsibility was to see that the problem was addressed in a methodical way. We ensured that with the help of Dr Mohta,\" said Sanjay Gupte, marketing executive for the company.Besides providing the medical help to these children, the company also tried to look for social factors that created this problem. Most kids came from families where putting food on the table is more important than nutrition, said Gupte. \"Another problem in most cases was that when the family did manage to have some savings, they would be blown away on vices like alcohol. Though we would give them medicines, it was the parents who had to see to it that these were taken on time. So, we tried to counsel the parents as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14453423", "title": "Chandigarh police initiate drive to streamline operations of autorickshaws", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite so many efforts from Chandigarh traffic police to streamline the operations of three-wheeler scooter-rickshaw (TSR) or auto rickshaws on city roads, several complaints from public against TSR drivers are coming to them on a daily basis.These complaints are related to wrong parking of autos on main roads, near roundabouts, light points, driving without route permit, over loading, over charging, faulty meters, refusal to go on certain routes and misbehaviour with passengers.Therefore, traffic police have initiated a special drive to check violations by autorickshaws in different parts of the city.\"Late on Wednesday evening, 103 autos were challaned. Forty autorickshaws were challaned for being without valid route permit, 30 for wrong parking and 33 for overloading. Apart from this, 80 autos were also impounded. The drive would continue in the coming days,\" said Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of traffic police, Chandigarh.Besides, to check the menace of over-charging by auto-rickshaw drivers, police have also introduced a system of 'pre-paid TSR fare service' in the city.\"Many such complaints of over-charging went unreported as the passengers either do not have the time or the requisite knowledge to register their complaints with the traffic police. In order, to ensure a hassle free travel for public, we have introduced a 'pre-paid TSR fare service' on various locations,\" stated Kumar.Pre-paid booths have been set by traffic police at various locations in Chandigarh. Some of these included ISBT (sector 17), ISBT (sector 43), PGIMER (Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research) gate, near Panjab University, sector 22 market, Sukhna Lake and Rock Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14439104", "title": "Water Board MD visits reservoirs to check monsoon readiness", "text": "HYDERABAD: A team of senior officials led by Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) managing director Adhar Sinha visited the catchment areas of Osmansagar and Himayathsagar reservoirs on Wednesday.The inspection was conducted to assess the present condition of the catchment areas and the incoming feeder channels of Osmansagar and Himayathsagar lakes to identify any obstructions for free flow of the water into the twin lakes, said HMWS&SB; Director-Projects, M Satyanarayana.The officials also visited the Full Tank Level boundaries of Osmansagar at Khanapur, Janwada rain gauge station, two feeders channels, Chandippa and Prodduturu on river Musi, Venkatapuram feeder channel of Himayathsagar and Amdapur Bridge on the feeder channel of Himayathsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14448960", "title": "Worn-out water pipelines leak, waste 30% of supply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With water pipelines, too, growing old, leakages have become a common problem, adding to the shortage of the precious resource.According to the municipal corporation's records, 25 to 30% of the water supply is wasted due to leakages. But, the authorities don't have any concrete plan to minimize or stop these. Every year, residents of most of the city areas face acute water shortage due to the lackadaisical attitude of the MC public health wing.The pipelines were laid during the city's inception and were extended as per its expansion. But till now, no steps have been taken to replace the leaking ones.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"Replacement of all water pipelines is not feasible. But we are identifying pipelines where leakages are spotted again and again... the house had passed an agenda to replace one such pipeline, which supplies water to a part of Manimajra. The 20 to 25% water that goes waste is non-revenue water and Chandigarh's record is quite better than other cities.\"P C Sanghi, a retired chief engineer and former nominated councillor, said, \"The water supply pipelines are as old as Chandigarh and have not been replaced even once. Replacing these is tough, but not impossible. MC can change these in phases.\"Mukesh Bassi, chairman of water supply and sewerage disposal committee of MC, said, \"In the first meeting of the committee, we had asked officials of the engineering wing to make efforts to replace old pipes and come out with measure to minimize leakages. But due to their lethargic attitude, nothing has been done.\" Recently, 35 leakages were found in water pipelines in a single ward of the city's south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440572", "title": "Students groups demand more seats", "text": "JAIPUR: With campaigning for student union polls gathering steam, student groups are now demanding an increase of up to 20% in the number of seats in the constituent colleges of Rajasthan University.The demand, students groups said, is based on the record number of applications received by the university this year.The university, however, has refused to comment any increase in number of seats as such demands surface every year after the first cutoff list is out.This year, RU has received 54,000 forms against a total of 9,000 seats. Both NSUI and ABVP are looking at gaining mileage by raking up the issue.Maharani's College received 12,000 applications against 2,300 seats with the cutoff for B.Com (pass) course touching almost 94%.\"This year, the situation is difficult and the university should come to the rescue of students by increasing seats. The university on previous occasions has added more seats,\" said Sumit Bhagsara, state president, NSUI.Sunil Khatik of ABVP has decided to hold a protest if the university fails to fulfill the demands. The Rajasthan University Students Union (RUSU) has also raised the issue and met senior officials in this regard. Last year, RU had increased seats by 10% seats after the second list was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14440968", "title": "IIT exam row resolved, new format from 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ending a month-long row over introduction of a common entrance test (CET) for undergraduate engineering courses, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) on Wednesday arrived at a compromise, whereby class XII scores are used to select candidates, while the tech schools continue to conduct their own admission tests.The new format is expected to make entrance in to the top tech schools tougher, but has emerged as a half-way house between the HRD ministry keen on increasing the importance of board exams and IITs not wanting to cede their autonomy.According to the new formula, agreed to at a meeting of the IIT Council, all aspirants will give the JEE-Main exam. Of the approximately 12 lakh candidates, only the top 1.5 lakh will qualify to appear for the JEE-Advanced test. The two tests will be held on separate days within four-six weeks of each other.All 1.5 lakh students will be given a score and an All India Rank. However, they will be selected for IITs not just on the basis of their rank in the Advanced test but also their board marks. For this, students will have to in the top 20 percentile of their state or central board.So going by last year's scores, the cut-off percentage for a student appearing in CBSE board will be 78%, while for one appearing in the Uttar Pradesh state board will be 65%-66%. This is expected to standardize varying standards across central and state boards.The compromise does seem laboured but this is what IITs will have to settle for. The original government proposal, backed by the IIT Council, drew flak for messing the admission format without achieving the professed objective of reducing dependence on tuitions.The ministry's plan to introduce `one nation, one test' has been only partially fulfilled although the new format means board scores will reflect in a candidate's selection. On May 28, the IIT Council had announced that entrance for IIT will be based on a new format replacing the 60% cut-off for school marks with a 50:50 weightage on the class XII score and JEE Main. The merit list for IIT was to be based on the Advance test. The formula for centrally funded engineering institutions, including NITs and IIITs, was 40% weightage to class XII score and 30% weightage each for JEE Main and Advanced.The Council's decision and consequently its powers have been challenged by IIT-Kanpur and Delhi Senates in the last few weeks with the institutes declaring they will hold their own entrance tests.HRD minister Kapil Sibal did not attend Wednesday's meeting though he is chairman of the Council. Sources said his absence was intended to send out a message that there was no political interference in IIT's decision-making process.Reacting to the IIT Council decision, Sibal said, ``There is still a long way to go but I'm sure that all stakeholders will work towards reducing influence of coaching institutes, give importance to school board exams, bring down the multiple exams and ensure there is no occasion for charging capitation fee...The present decision is a step in the right direction. I don't think the Council has achieved all four things but I hope it will be able to in the next three-four years.\"The Councils of NITs and IIITs will also meet to discuss the new formula. Sources said that since IITs were holding their separate exam the earlier formula could be changed giving board marks 40%-50% weightage while the remaining would be given to the JEE-Main.When asked if the new formula had been discussed with the senates, IIT-Kanpur director Sanjay Dhande said, ``This proposal has been discussed with senate representatives in a meeting in Lucknow and one in Delhi today. They have supported it.\"All India IIT Faculty Federation A K Mittal said that the proposal should be brought before the Senates. ``We have no reservations about the implementation of this new format entrance test from 2013 but it must be brought before the senates for their approval,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460356", "title": "Priya Anand cooks for the media!", "text": "The actress took to making dosas at the launch of ID in Sathyam Cinemas, CoimbatoreThe actress who's all set to debut in Bollywood with English Vinglish was in Coimbatore recently. She had gone to launch Sathyam Cinemas restaurant and guess what she ended up doing? Well, she made dosas for the media! She tweeted, \"Just made Dosas for the Coimbatore Press @ Sathyam's I. D Launch!!! Now going to watch 'Saguni'\".The actress who is a movie buff then went off to watch Karthi's Saguni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14443964", "title": "India in touch with Saudi Arabia to bring back missing Fasih", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday said it is in touch with authorities in Saudi Arabia to bring back Indian engineer Fasih Mahmood, who mysteriously disappeared in that country last month. While Fasih is said to be an accused in the 2010 Chinnaswamy Stadium blast case, the government had told the Supreme Court earlier that it had no role in his detention in Saudi Arabia.Fasih's wife Nikhat had moved court alleging that he had been picked up from his residence by Saudi police accompanied by some Indian intelligence officials.Government sources said that they had taken up the matter with Saudi authorities. They added though Fasih's case has no connection with Abu Jundal, the 26/11 accused who had been detained in Saudi Arabia and who was successfully deported to India earlier this week.Interpol had issued a Red Corner notice against Fasih on a request from CBI for offences of terrorism and crimes involving use of weapons and explosives.Fasih is alleged to have played a role in the conspiracy behind the Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts in Bangalore on April 17, 2010.They said that according to the `terrorists' of banned outfit Indian Mujahideen arrested during the last nine months, he had allegedly played a role in the Jama Masjid blasts in September, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14457233", "title": "After GOW Huma wants variety", "text": "Huma Qureshi who debuted in the recently released \"Gangs Of Wasseypur\" as Mohsina, is all ready to take on the experimental road into Bollywood.After this cult film, Huma is now awaiting release of her next, \" Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana \", which is a completely different genre from \" Gangs ...\" Starring opposite Kunal Kapoor, besides others in an ensemble cast, \"I play a distinct Punjabi girl, Harman who is a first generation doctor and shoulders several responsibilities,\" she says.Though this film shares a commonality with \"Gangs...\" in its humour, the bubbly actress says the differences between her debut and this next film, keep her interested. \"This film, \"Luv Shuv ...\" is an unlikely romantic comedy and is the first food film in the industry. Harman hails from a simple family and is quite intelligent, nothing like the somewhat dimwit, starry eyed Mohsina,\" says Huma, \"While \" Gangs ...\" is a cult genre that has brought me a lot of fame for which I am grateful, I loved doing a film like \" Luv Shuv ...\" because I want to try new roles and different genres. I think, if you don't want to, you don't get typecast in the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14441452", "title": "Faulty voter list irks electorate in civic body poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra and her family had left Bareilly about 10 years back, they were still expected there to cast their votes in the local body election on Wednesday.This was also one of the reasons for anomalies in the voter list in 17 districts where polling for the second phase of local bodies elections was held on Wednesday. The election was marred by violence and mismanagement.In Kanpur, the polling had to be cancelled in ward number 41 of Sisamau after a candidate's name on EVM was found to be wrong. The name of Congress candidate Ajay Mishra, who was contesting the corporator election, was mentioned as Aditya Mishra.The repolling will now be held on June 29. Later, talking to reporters in Lucknow, state election commissioner Satish Kumar Agarwal said that the commission would find out the reason and the person responsible for the anomaly.The issue of names missing from the voter list assumed serious proportions in Agra from where two instances of people clashing with police were reported. The first incident was reported from Kabir intermediate college where a group of voters, after not finding their names in the list, clashed with the police. Reports said that the names of around 6,000 voters were missing from the voter list.Even as the police resorted to lathicharge, voters started pelting stones in which a police official got injured.Later, the polling resumed after the deployment of additional police force.Another incident was reported from Garhi Chandni locality in Agra at around 12.30 pm. Reports said that an independent candidate, after alleging anomalies in the voter list as well as rigging, barged into a polling booth with his supporters and created ruckus. His supporters also clashed with the police which resorted to lathicharge to control the situation. As many as 10 people were arrested. Agarwal said that an enquiry had been ordered.In all, around 43.68 percent of voters turned up to cast their votes at the polling stations in the 17 districts till last reports came in. Bigger cities, comprising municipal corporations, once again stood up to their reputation of recording a low turnout.Barring Bareilly, which recorded a polling percentage of over 50%, a majority of other four municipal corporations -- Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Allahabad and Agra -- saw the turnout of less than 40 percent till 5 pm. In fact, Allahabad recorded a turnout of around 31%. SEC officials were rather wondering as to what went wrong in their approach to convince the electorate to turn up in large numbers and vote in the local bodies elections. While, Kanpur recorded around 39% voting, Gorakhpur saw a voter turnout of around 40%.Baghpat recorded the maximum turnout of voters with poll percentage touching around 65%. Shrawasti and Prabudhnagar, too, recorded a voter turnout of around 60%, the state election commission added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14443949", "title": "Air India flight returns after technical snag", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai-Singapore Air India flight which took off from Chennai at 1.15pm on Wednesday returned a short while later after the pilot detected a technical snag. More than 100 passengers were held up at the terminal for nearly two hours till the snag was rectified.Airport sources said the cockpit crew of AI 358 informed Chennai air traffic control that they were turning back as they did not want to continue with the snag. The plane left for Singapore at 4.15pm after engineers rectified the snag and certified that the plane was safe for flight.Sources said it was the second time the aircraft suffered a snag on Wednesday. It had to return after it took off from Chennai to Port Blair in the morning. The pilot brought back the plane and engineers inspected the aircraft and cleared it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14459775", "title": "State functionaries stand up in trying times after Mantralaya fire", "text": "MUMBAI: While the state government is facing the heat over the lack of fire-safety at the Mantralaya following the fire tragedy on June 21, the incident has brought the leadership skills of the state functionaries to the fore.Political pundits have praised chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's attitude toward dealing with the problem. Most agree that Chavan has led from the front and stayed away from politics of \"blame game\".His deputy Ajit Pawar has also been resolute. Setting aside political differences, Pawar has stood firmly by Chavan in efforts to steady the rocking ship. While a section of the media has criticized his initial response(allegations that he cared more for personal safety) to the fire, Pawar has so far not responded to these.With files and data belonging to a number of departments lost in the fire, the two leaders, said state officials, have pulled in all resources to recreate the data.While public works department (PWD) has come under scanner over neglecting fire security, department minister Chhagan Bhujbal's \"fighting spirit\" has come to the fore, a senior state official said.Bhujbal was in London on the day of the fire. He was scheduled to undergo an operation on June 22. The minister however postponed his operation and returned to the city following the incident. He oversaw and guided restoration works. Citizens have appreciated the effort put in to start work on the first three floors of the main building and the entire annexe building within 72 hours of the fire.Bhujbal has also stood firmly by his department.Senior officials in the government have meanwhile also lauded efforts of chief secretary JK Banthia. Chavan himself has appreciated Banthia's efforts.\"We were able to restart operations of the command centre from an alternate site only an hour after the incident.It has been running 24*7 2 since,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14445620", "title": "Several Air India pilots on hunger strike taken ill", "text": "MUMBAI: Several pilots on indefinite hunger strike for the last three days fell ill as the Air India pilots' strike entered the 52nd day on Wednesday.Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG), the derecognised union of pilots of the erstwhile Air India, requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi \"to intervene before it is too late\".An IPG statement issued on Wednesday said Capt Manish Choudhry, Capt Yashima Singh and Capt Tejveer Singh were diagnosed with critically low blood glucose levels that can cause hypoglycaemic shock resulting in brain damage.Capt Hari Shankar was diagnosed with critically high ketone levels indicating partial kidney failure. If left untreated, it can cause permanent kidney damage. His blood pressure is fluctuating, too, indicating unstable vital parameters.IPG pilots said it is unfortunate civil aviation minister Ajit Singh thought the hunger strike was a gimmick. \"Such insensitive statements are even more shocking as throughout his career Singh has led many farmers' agitations in Uttar Pradesh and so he would know that people do not protest without a serious grievance and to dismiss the current pilots' hunger strike as a gimmick is deeply insulting,\" the statement said.Air India's response, too, shocked pilots. The airline's deputy chief medical officer went to the hunger strike venue at Jantar Mantar in Delhi. \"On the instructions of Vineeta Bhandari, AI executive director industrial relations, the airline doctor medically examined only those pilots who have not been terminated. So, for Bhandari, the terminated pilots who are on hunger strike may be left to die,\" said the IPG statement.\"Perhaps, the fact that Bhandari was an employee of erstwhile Indian Airlines explains her lack of compassion towards the pilots belonging to the erstwhile Air India,\" the statement said.The pilots, belonging to the erstwhile Air India side of the merged airline, have been demanding parity in career progression with their counterparts in Indian Airlines. They alleged the airline management's arbitrary decision to send Indian Airlines pilots to train and fly the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft has hurt their career.On Tuesday, deputy chief labour commissioner held marathon meetings to resolve the ongoing crisis. The IPG statement said Bhandari, representing the management, refused to meet the pilots' representatives. She insisted on meeting with the commissioner separately.\"It is clear that both the ministry officials and the airline management are not at all keen on resolving this labour dispute. The first step to resolving any dispute is the commencement of negotiations,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14444005", "title": "Cyclists to have right of way on Mysore roads", "text": "MYSORE: Good news for cyclists. Some of the arterial roads in the central business district will have dedicated lane for cyclists.Stretches of JLB road, Irwin road, New Sayyaji Rao road, Nelson Mandela road, Bangalore-Nilgiris road, KRS road, Chamaraja Double road and Vishwa Manava Double road will have cycle tracks. The entire stretch of Radhakrishna Avenue and Krishnaraja Boulevard will sport such a facility.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath, corporation commissioner M R Ravi and ACP (Traffic) Shankaregowda on Wednesday studied the city's roads from 9am and marked out bicycle lanes on 11 roads.The officials found that cyclists were being elbowed out by motorists. \"We'll ask motorists not to use the space earmarked for cyclists,\" Vastrad told The Times of India.The civic bodies have been directed to mark 4ft from the footpath on the either side of the road with yellow paint to demarcate the area for cyclists. In some roads where there is scope, the cycle track will have 5ft space. A senior official said majority of the roads that are earmarked for creation of cycle tracks serve the students, who mostly depend on bicycles.The officials who have been asked to cycle their way to work on Mondays can benefit by this.While one circuit of 6.8km starting from Ramaswamy Circle to JSS Medical College junction is sought to be created, the 2.5km around the Mysore Palace will have the facility. While the entire stretch Krishnaraja Boulevard of 1.8km will have the bicycle track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447804", "title": "Mercury soars in Delhi, but drizzle brings relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though the maximum temperature remained over 40 degrees on Wednesday, northwesterly winds and a drizzle in the evening kept the weather relatively tolerable. With the impact of a western disturbance over Pakistan likely to remain for another day or so, strong northwesterly winds are expected to continue over the northwest plains till Friday, though the temperature may remain around 40 degrees.Wednesday's maximum temperature came down to 40.2 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal, while the minimum was 31 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. Humidity levels peaked at 59%. \"A western disturbance over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir is affecting the weather over the Himalayan region and the northwest plains. An upper cyclonic circulation exists over Punjab and neighbouring areas at the lower levels. Their combined effect will be strong northwesterly winds over the plains but with little chance of rain as the cyclonic circulation is at the lower levels,\" said a Met official.Delhi recorded 0.4mm rainfall at the Safdarjung observatory, 2 mm rainfall at Pusa and trace at Lodhi Road. Met officials added the rain was the result of local conditions, especially with temperatures being quite high in the past week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442669", "title": "Manager, boatman, helper arrested for negligence", "text": "PUNE: The Bharati Vidyapeeth police on Wednesday arrested the manager and two others of the boat club at the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park for allegedly causing Rajesh Dhotre death by negligence.Manager Deepak Argade (55) is from Hadapsar, boatman Tirupatayya Erala (47) is from Balajinagar and helper Anup Alhat (25) is from Thergaon. They were charged under section 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) of the Indian Penal Code. The suspects were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till June 29.Dhotre (40), a resident of Wadarwadi, had gone to the park with his two children, Gayatri and Aniket (10), nephew Saurabh Dhotre (12) and niece Aarti Masalkar (14) and friend Rakesh Jadhav on May 10. They had hired two pedal boats. Dhotre, Aarti and Saurabh sat in one boat while Gayatri, Aniket and Jadhav were in the other. When the boats reached the centre of the lake, Dhotre dipped his hand into the lake to splash water on his children, lost balance and fell into the waters. Erala had claimed he rushed to the spot in a speedboat immediately after Dhotre tipped over. After two days of search, the body was taken out on May 12.Jadhav has lodged the complaint. His relatives had alleged that he was not given a life jacket before getting into the boat. Dhotre's daughter Gayatri said they had insisted on life jackets before going for the ride, but the boatman at the periphery of the lake told them there was no need to wear them. The boat club is run by the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation.Police inspector of Bharati Vidyapeeth police station Sunil Yadav said that the suspects were arrested after completing the investigations. \"The probe has revealed that the suspects did not insist that Dhotre wear the life jacket. Moreover, the boatman rushed in late, by which time Dhotre drowned,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442920", "title": "Two held for youth's murder", "text": "PUNE: Two youths were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly murdering a 20-year-old youth over previous enmity on June 22.The Kothrud police identified the suspects as Avinash Chavan (19) and Satish alias Rajat Labade (20) both of Erandwane in Kothrud. The two had strangled Sagar Ramdas Patole (20) at Ganeshnagar, Erandwane, with a cotton belt on June 22. They had later dumped his body at an open space in Ganeshnagar.On June 25, an unidentified person informed the police that a body was lying near the compound wall of a building in Ganeshnagar, said police inspector of the Kothrud police station S B Navale. When the police reached the spot, they found a decomposed body lying there covered with a flex board.Initially, a case of accidental death was registered in this regard. However, the post-mortem report revealed that Patole had been strangled to death.Navale said Patole's brother, Yogesh Kedari, identified the body with the help of the sandals and clothes. His family members had not registered a missing complaint because Patole worked as a salesman in a cellphone shop and would frequently be away for two to three days.During investigations, the police found out that Patole had a previous enmity with Chavan and Labade. The duo had entered into a brawl with Patole, who used to tease the daughter of Labade's relative. Patole had also thrashed Chavan, while he was on his way to give his HSC exam this year, Navale said.He said the duo hatched a plot to eliminate Patole, who they called to the Ganeshnagar area to strike a compromise. \"While one of them stood talking to Patole, the other strangled him from behind with a cotton belt. The duo then dragged his body near a compound wall and covered it with a flex board.\"Police inspector of the crime branch (anti-chain snatching squad) Chandrakant Ghodke and his team detained the suspects and handed them over to the Kothrud police station. The suspects were produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody till June 30. Senior police inspector of the Kothrud police station Kalyan Vidhate is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447583", "title": "DERC gives another shock: Power bills to surge by Oct", "text": "NEW DELHI: As if the 26% tariff hike wasn't enough, by October-November Delhiites will have to pay even more for electricity. Conceding the demand of private discoms BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Power Delhi, power regulator DERC has replaced the quarterly fuel adjustment cost (FAC) with a quarterly power purchase adjustment (PPA) mechanism in the tariff order.Given that fuel is just one component in power purchase costs, the total effect of the PPA mechanism is expected to be more than that of FAC. As it has been allowed on a quarterly basis July 1 onwards, discoms are likely to make the first claim under PPA for the July-August-September period by October. The claims will then be scrutinized by DERC and an order will be passed accordingly.\"Variable (fuel) costs comprised just 50% of the power purchase costs, so it is expected that variations in power purchase costs due to both variable and fixed costs that discoms will claim under PPA mechanism will be more than the FAC surcharge,'' said an official.Two FACs were allowed by DERC this year. The first for 5% was granted on February 1 for three months. In May, DERC passed the second FAC of 4%, 6%, 7% and 11% for Tata Power Delhi, BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and NDMC, respectively.\"Under the PPA mechanism, variations in power purchase costs during any single quarter will be recovered in the subsequent quarter as a percentage variation over the approved tariff for the year. From July 1, the existing surcharge on account of FAC will be absorbed in the revised tariff and PPA will be charged in respect of variations with respect to the revised power purchase cost,'' said the DERC official, adding that the new mechanism is in accordance with the judgment of the Appellate Tribunal of Electricity.Discoms have long demanded implementation of PPA, which is applicable in Maharashtra, MP, Gujarat, Haryana, Bihar , Jharkhand , Tripura and West Bengal.\"Power purchase costs include variable as well as fixed costs such as depreciation, return on equity, interest etc. Till now, only changes in variable costs were admissible. When we buy power from the exchange or through bilateral ties, it does not contain fuel or fixed costs. We had no mechanism to recover that through FAC. We wanted the variation in total power purchase costs factored in,'' said a discom official. Discoms also said they were waiting to get the tariff order to see how PPA would be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14431402", "title": "Pooja in Viswaroopam sequel?", "text": "There have been reports that a sequel to Viswaroopam is on the cards and that Kamal Haasan has even canned quite a few scenes for it.When we quizzed the film's leading lady Pooja Kumar recently, on the truth behind these reports, she said, \"I'm an actress and my work ends with shooting the scenes that the director wants. I really don't know if some of the scenes that I have shot for will end up in the 'sequel'.\"But Kamal is known to work with a bound script and so, when we pressed further on whether she has shot for scenes that weren't part of the script, she got quite evasive.\"Well, I wouldn't want to spoil the mystery behind these reports,\" is all she revealed, adding that she has her fingers crossed on being a part of the sequel, \"if Kamal sir decides to make one.\"Now, here's one girl who knows how to keep everyone guessing. Wotsay?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14442287", "title": "Noida RWAs threaten stir if power supply fails to improve in 10 days", "text": "NOIDA: The Federation of Noida Residents' Welfare Association has given Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, 10 days to improve supply. The federation has threatened to hit the road with thousands of residents in protest if the department does not reduce cuts at the earliest.Furious over power outages being faced by Noida, residents led by FONRWA were to stage a dharna at the PVVNL offices in Sector 16 on Thursday. Residents had also warned that they would block traffic. \"Frequent and undeclared power cuts due to increased load have become common in the city, creating inconvenience to residents, especially children and senior citizens,\" said NP Singh, officiating president, FONRWA.At times the power cuts last for six hours, residents complain. \"Even after PVVNL declared the roster chart of power cuts for various sectors, residents continue to bear unscheduled cuts,\" said Santosh Gupta, president, Sector 53 RWA.FONRWA members also said that 10 days ago, as per an arrangement between Noida Authority and Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the discom was to supply uninterrupted power to residential sectors. \"We will not sit quiet now. We have given PVVNL authorities 10 days to get their act together and supply the city with uninterrupted power or face the wrath of residents. After that we will stage dharnas, resort to chakka jam, and more,\" warned Singh.Expecting trouble, PVVNL superintendent engineer, CL Gupta, convened a meeting with FONRWA on Wednesday afternoon. \"This summer has seen unprecedented temperatures, which has resulted in a huge demand for power not only in Noida but the entire state,\" Gupta defended in a letter addressed to FONRWA. On an average, Noida needs 600 MW during normal days, but in summers the demand rises to 680 MW resulting in power shortage.Gupta said that power cuts are not being resorted to at the primary sub-station but at a local level. \"The power supply is being affected due to frequent break-down of transformers due to their inability to bear the huge load. The outages are between 9am to 7pm in a phased manner for various sectors. Our attempt is to avoid a continuous power cut,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/new delhi", "code": "14441370", "title": "26/11 was an Indian plot, claims Pakistan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: Abu Jundal's disclosures \u2014 about the involvement of Pakistan's official agencies in the 26/11 plot and Islamabad's determined effort to block the deportation of one of the Mumbai attacks' masterminds to India \u2014 threaten to strain the bilateral ties.Pakistan that worked hard to block Jundal's deportation for almost a year on grounds that he was actually Riyasat Ali from Pakistan, suddenly switched track to audaciously suggest that Jundal being an Indian national suggests that 26/11 could have been an Indian plot.Even as Jundal gave details of the collaboration of Pakistan's state agencies in the 26/11 plot, its Interior Ministery adviser Rehman Malik blithely said India should focus on the role of Indians like Jundal, Fahim Ansari and Sabahuddin Ahmed in the Mumbai attacks. \"Zabiuddin is Indian, he was caught in India, he did everything in India. Why are you blaming Pakistan? He is your citizen. That means your agencies failed to control their citizens. Please have a look at your system as well,\" Malik said.Malik claimed that all the recent terror attacks in India had been the handiwork of Hindu terrorists. Claiming he had warned home minister P Chidambaram of this, Malik said, \"We warned you (India) three years back that Hindu extremism is coming to your country. Your own Taliban are emerging there. So now we've seen the result and I wish best of luck to India that the law enforcement agencies must do something to stop it,\" he said.The remark, seen as insensitive at a time when Jundal's arrest has revived the painful memories of the terrorist assault on Mumbai, rankled even more because Pakistan's efforts to block the deportation of the terrorist have confirmed doubts in India that Islamabad has no intention to keep its promise to punish the 26/11 perpetrators. They also coincided with Jundal's disclosure about the elaborate effort that Lashkar and ISI made to make 26/11 appear a handiwork of Hindu extremists.Rehman's outburst followed a strong statement by Chidambaram about the complicity of Pakistan. \"India's claim of the Pakistan state's involvement in Mumbai's 26/11 terror strike has been proved with the confession statement of Abu Jundal,\" Chidambaram stated in Thirvananthapuram on Wednesday.\"There has been a state involvement in the 26/11 attack and we have been constantly claiming this. Now Abu Jundal has confirmed this to the interrogators,\" he told reporters.The home minister also disclosed that he had on Tuesday got a note from Malik requesting him to share with Islamabad information that was gathered about Jundal.\"We will do that in due course. But I will insist that Pakistan keeps its promise and gives us the voice samples of all the persons whose list was given. Let's see how Pakistan reacts. It is Pakistan which is under pressure, not India,\" he said.The exchange confirmed that the arrest and subsequent revelations are sure to contribute to a period of chill in the bilateral relations, because, despite everything, Pakistan's actions on terrorism do not make the cut.Chidambaram's ire is centred on the fact that for months Pakistan tried hard to stop the deportation of Zabiuddin, alias Jundal to India. It was a clear sign that Pakistan retained interest in keeping their terror assets intact, and Chidambaram will now up the ante on voice samples from Pakistan. That will become the new benchmark of Pakistan's cooperation on terror.\"He (Jundal) has confirmed that he was in the control room. He has identified some of the people present there and he has named some among them. This has confirmed our suspicion that there was some organised effort. There were some kind of state actors. The argument that non-state actors were behind the massacre is no longer valid,\" he said. Chidambaram confirmed that India had been tracking Jundal for a year and had hunted him down successfully.The home minister also lashed out at Pakistan for not acting tough against the 26/11 accused who are having safe-heaven in their country. \"Today the world appreciates the restraint we have shown. The world appreciates how India is tracking down every one of the accused in the 26/11 attack. In contrast, Pakistan comes out poorly as a country in denial,\" he said.Chidambaram said India would crack down on each and every one of the conspirators and accomplices of the terror attack. \"We will continue to exert pressure on Pakistan to hand over the masterminds of 26/11. We have identified five people, which Pakistan continues to deny of either having any involvement in the attack or their presence in the country,\" he added.Stating the trial of the seven accused had been put on the fast track, Malik said, the relatives of Pakistani nationals killed in the Samjhauta Express blast were demanding that Col S K Purohit, the Indian Army officer linked to the attack, should be handed over to Islamabad. \"Hindu extremism is visible in (terrorist) incidents, we stand cleared,\" Malik remarked. \"I hope the Indian authorities have a very close look and go into the system, as to what's wrong in their system that this is happening,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448088", "title": "22-yr-old student commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Three months after his love marriage, a 22-year-old engineering student allegedly committed suicide here on Tuesday evening. His body was found hanging at the staff quarters of the JK Hospital in Kolar where his wife works as a nurse.Police said Gaurav, who hailed from the Barkheda Pathani area of the city, tied nuptial knot with Ruchi against the wishes of his family. Around two days back, the couple had shifted to staff quarters of the JK Hospital. She found the body of Gaurav hanging after she returned from her duty in the evening. Subsequently, police reached the spot and sent the body for autopsy.The police suspect that the deceased was under pressure from his family for marrying the girl who was outside their community. Meanwhile, his family members have alleged that he was being forcefully converted.Investigations are on to ascertain the reason behind incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14445629", "title": "Mangalore University goes hi-tech with IP phones", "text": "Mangalore: In a first among universities in the state, Mangalore University has installed internet protocol (IP) phones in its 25 post-graduate departments. The IP phones facilitate communication between the departments without additional cost using intercom facility.Another specialty of the technology is it does away with cabling used for connecting phones from one PG department to the other because the connection is taken from internet connection points available in each department. According to Mangalore University vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy IP phones not only ease communication activities among teaching and non-teaching faculty but also speed up the works of university. He told TOI that 126 IP phones had already been installed in PG departments. \"Soon 50 more IP phones will be installed in the university including the administrative office. MU is the second university after University of Calcutta to install such a facility in the country,\" he added.The university also plans to install 30 additional computers at the cyber lab inside the university library within a few days. At present, the varsity has 90 computers and three cyber labs. There is much more when it comes to the upgradation of technology in MU. The university had distributed 103 laptops to its teaching faculties to help them make audio-visual presentation on various topics to students recently. \"This will better their understanding of academic subjects and it also helps the teaching staff who attend conferences in different places,\" said Vijay, the computer operator of MU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14461294", "title": "With skydivers, Google demos its futuristic glasses", "text": "NEW DELHI: At Google's keynote address in San Francisco , the company's co-founder Sergey Brin made a surprising entry and demoed Glass. The device, still in prototype stage, was announced in April this year.User can wear it like glasses. It has a camera and a tiny display built inside it, allowing people to use it either to access information, take photographs or live stream videos with it.\"We have something special for you. This could go wrong in about 500 ways. Who wants to see a demo of Glass,\" Brin asked audience.Then he connected with several people who were in a plane flying near the Moscone Center where the I/O event was organized and asked if they could deliver a package they were holding. Two of them, wearing Google Glasses , jumped from the plane, providing the audience at the I/O live feed of what they were seeing and parachuted to the roof of the Moscone Center.This was followed up by two people rappelling down the building. They too streamed their vision live to the audience inside the building. Once they came down, two cyclists, who were also wearing the glasses, raced inside the Moscone Center and gave a package to Brin who was on the stage.The demo was planned to show how well Glass could stream what a person was seeing. Google claimed that Glass could capture and share photographs or what a user was seeing in an easy and natural way. In its promo video, the company had also showed augmented reality elements built inside the Google Glass.This, according to Google, could allow people to see information like email notifications and map in their peripheral vision. On Wednesday Brin told All Things D, a website that covers technology news, that he get his email notifications on his Glass all the time.At the I/O event, Google revealed it started working on Glass project around two and half years ago. The company said that Americans part of the I/O 2012 could pre-book a specially-designed unit- termed Google Glass explorer edition -- at a price of $1500. For now the product would not be available to anyone else. It would be shipped to those who registered for it next year. \"This is a really new technology, and we want to get you to help shape it,\" said Brin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14461060", "title": "Only 0.5 per cent youth in new voters list in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: The new voters list for the city prepared by the district administration ahead of the assembly polls in Gujarat has fewer number of youth in it. Sources said that the youth (who recently completed 18 years of age) consists only 0.5 per cent of the new voters list in the five assembly segments of the city. The list brought to fore the reality of how the youngsters are least interested in casting their votes.The district administration had begun the exercise of revamping the voters' list earlier this month and had invited people to make their new voter identity card. Those already holding a voter ID card but have complaints of mistakes in the card too were appealed to approach the Jan Seva Kendra and get the errors rectified. The new voters' list has thrown up some interesting figures. About 29,500 citizens have made new applications for getting voter ID cards. The new applications are just 2.74 per cent of the total 10.75 lakh voters in the five assembly segments namely Raopura, Wadi, Sayajigunj, Manjalpur and Akota.Over 7,000 voters have applied for rectifying errors in their voter ID cards. The Raopura segment has highest number of voters - 2.30 lakh - in the five segments while with 1.89 lakh, Manjalpur has lowest voters. Sayajigunj has 2.26 lakh voters, Akota has 2.08 lakh voters and Wadi 2.21 lakh voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14439973", "title": "Fat pay packages lure engineering students to IT", "text": "JAIPUR: Fat pay packages of multi-national companies are making more and students to pursue Information Technology (IT) branch of engineering. Jaipur has around 17 private universities which have prominently given space this engineering branch. In 154 affiliated engineering colleges of Rajasthan Technical University, 12,500 seats are available for this branch against a total of 54,000 seats.Thanks to the annual placements by Forbes 500 companies like Infosys and Wipro which have recruited up to 100 students from the city engineering colleges regularly at a time, re-affirming students' faith in this branch. Such trends have led to allotment of maximum number of seats for computer engineering by colleges and private universities.The setting up of IT units in special economic zones (SEZs) like Mahindra World and Japenese hub in Neemrana has also generated job oppurtunities in the IT sector locally.Deepak Saxena, head of students' advisory board at RTU during a counseling session of engineering students said, \"The most popular branch of engineering is computer science, electronics, followed by mechanical. The choices of students are directly related with placements or high salary package.\"\"The Forbes 500 IT companies are regularly visiting the campuses for placements showing the importance of candidates in this sector. I feel that if I have talent, nobody can stop me from fetching my dream job,\" Mayoor Sharma, an aspiring engineering student said.The average annual pay package of an IT company was above Rs 3 lakh, until, 2008-09 (recession period) when this branch registered a decline leading to rise in other branches specially electronics and communication.This year 60,000 students appeared for Rajasthan pre-engineering exam against 54,000 seats. The newly-opened engineering colleges and universities have given importance to this branch and it is selling like a hot cake.R P Yadav, vice-chancellor, Rajasthan Technical University said, \"Students are applying for those branches of engineering which fetch them more lucrative opportunities. However, they neglect their own interests and ends up landing nowhere.\"Students should plan their careers according to their own interests, rather than being carried away by job opportunities. They should have good foresight regarding their options, Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444404", "title": "Godhra forgets its days spent with Dadasaheb Phalke", "text": "VADODARA: The Indian film industry is celebrating its centenary year thanks to the father of Indian cinema Dadasaheb Phalke . But at a place where he spent his initial days as a professional behind the camera, albeit a still one, his footprints are fast disappearing and few remember him there today.It was after learning traits of the craft at Kalabhavan in Vadodara where he took admission in 1890 that Dhundhiraj Govind Phalke moved to Godhra to become a professional photographer. It is believed that he stayed here for two years in the late 1890s.Phalke moved out of Godhra after the death of his first wife and child due to plague. He went on to work as a scene painter for drama companies and then as a draftsman and photographer for the archaeological department of Government of India.Elderly residents of the town vaguely recall their parents or grandparents having told them that Phalke had a studio on Gidwani Road better known as Station Road in the town. Kenny Xavier, who has a shop on the street where Phalke is believed to have had his studio, said that his father had told him that a photographer who lived there went on to become a filmmaker. \"The building where the studio was located was brought down to construct Laxmi Cinema. The theatre was burnt in the 1947 riots in the town and now other shops and business establishments have come up there,\" he said.Harish Sheth, who now owns the oldest studio in the town, says that his father Ochhavlal Maganlal had made the studio in 1918. \"But there was another studio in the town before ours and it was called Ambika Studio. I am not sure if it belonged to Phalke,\" Sheth said.Sudhir Surendrarai Desai, a keen follower of important personalities in Godhra and who has written articles on them, said that it was unfortunate that Godhra had forgotten Phalke. \"We know little about his stay in Godhra and those of other personalities connected to the town. Efforts need to be made to keep their memories alive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14442456", "title": "Chiranjeevi gives feedback to Sonia on Congress's rout in AP bypolls", "text": "The Praja Rajyam Party (PRP) leader, who merged his outfit with Congress, had earlier reacted strongly to the defeat and blamed the Congress leaders for not accommodating his followers in the organization.He had said the friction was the cause of the defeat and warned the party would lose power in 2014 if the step-motherly treatment to PRP workers continued.While the movie star-turned-politician struck an optimistic picture after meeting Sonia on Wednesday, saying a united party would win power again, it is learnt he has suggested that greater responsibility to the Kapu community would help Congress politically.Recently sent to the Rajya Sabha, Chiranjeevi is expected to be given a ministerial position at the Centre in the upcoming reshuffle.Congress has been going downhill in AP since the rebellion by Jaganmohan Reddy and the party roped in Chiranjeevi to ramp up its numbers in the assembly and also to boost its support base by winning over the influential Kapus.However, the merger failed to reverse the slide with Jagamohan's YSR Congress sweeping the bypolls. While Congress lost Tirupathi that was represented by Chiranjeevi, it won two assembly seats out of 18, and erstwhile PRP is claiming credit for them since the two constituencies have strong Kapu concentration.Post-by-poll rout, Congress is mulling changes in the state though they may have to wait for the coming Presidential poll and then a packed political calendar that also includes monsoon session of Parliament.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana will be here for Pranab Mukherjee's nomination for the President's election, and they could also meet the party chief for a discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14449020", "title": "Delayed monsoon to affect paddy cultivation", "text": "VARANASI: The delayed and weak monsoon may hit the paddy crop in this kharif season in Chandauli district, which is also known as the rice bowl of this region. However, the district had also failed to improve the rice productivity last year despite the timely arrival of monsoon in this region in 2011.\"Obviously the delay in monsoon causes adverse impact on paddy cultivation. This year the paddy farming is going late in this region due to delayed monsoon,\" said the district agricultural officer RN Singh, who was recently transferred to Azamgarh district. But, he is still looking after the Chandauli district till the new officer takes the charge.\"The rice productivity went down in Chandauli in 2011 mainly due to floods in many areas of the district,\" he said. According to him, the Chandauli district recorded reduced rice productivity of 26.69 quintals in 2011 against the expectation of an improved productivity of 30 quintals per hectare.Though the monsoon was good, the flood played a spoilsport to the rice productivity, he said. In 2010 when the paddy was cultivated in an area of 9800 hectares the rice productivity was 27.56 quintals per hectare while the cultivated paddy area in 2011 was 1.09 lakh hectares. According to him, this year the paddy is being cultivated in 1.11 lakh hectares in Chandauli district.\"A good rain is essential in the first week of July for the paddy crop,\" Singh told TOI on Wednesday. However, in the past, Chandauli district had recorded continuous growth in the productivity of rice. In 2005-06 the productivity was 21.42 quintal per hectare while it was improved to 25.60 quintals in 2006-07. The productivity continued to increase to 26.09 quintals in 2007-08 and 26.71 quintals in 2008-09.The Chandauli district has a good agricultural base and farming is the mainstay of population. According to records, over 70 per cent of the population depends on agriculture related activities.The district has three harvests -Rabi, Kharif and Zaid. The Kharif crops are sown in June-July and harvested in September-October, while Rabi crops are sown in October-November and harvested in February-March. The main crop of the Kharif is paddy and wheat is the main crop of Rabi. The largest area under individual crop is occupied by the paddy in Chandauli district.\"In Azamgarh district the paddy showing was delayed for 10 days. The loss can be compensated to some extant if it rains in a week,\" the officer said adding that the paddy was cultivated in an area of 2.11 lakh hectares in Azamgarh district, which recorded the rice productivity of 23 quintals per hectare in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439994", "title": "A bumpy ride to Bantala office", "text": "KOLKATA: A leading IT company has already set up shop in the Bantala SEZ, but the state has hardly been able to provide them with the basic infrastructure required for employees to commute to office decently.The arterial road in Rajarhat might be new. But a 7km stretch of PWD Road - which links the former with Bantala - is simply not motorable. The narrow stretch at Bhojerhat is in a precarious state, with potholes all along. Besides, it has no lights and fencing, making it very accident-prone.Cognizant Technology Solutions (CTS) is the only IT company that has started operating in the Bantala SEZ from a 20-acre campus. The West Bengal Housing Development Corporation has received kudos from the IT giant for completing the east-west arterial road. But the two-lane PWD Road stretch does not even have a single street light. Post-construction cleaning work on the road is yet to be done.Sambit Nayak, who works at CTS and lives in Rajarhat, takes a bumpy ride to his office every day. \"I travel along that road. It's in a horrible condition. While it saves time to take it on the way to work, I avoid it while returning as it is very risky along it at night. I don't feel safe,\" said Nayak. He mentioned the road has no street lights or signals.Last Saturday, 24 CTS employees met with an accident on the Basanti highway, which links the Bantala SEZ with the EM Bypass. Many thought the second road connecting Bantala to Rajarhat will be a boon, but that is not going to happen soon. Describing their daily ordeal, a few CTS employees said they try to avail of the office bus service from the pickup points nearest to their house. If they fail to do so, they come down to Parama Island near Science City to take office transport.Ipshita Roy, another CTS employee, said commuting to office every day involves a lot of risk as Basanti highway is too narrow and there is no signal to control vehicle movement there. \"The road has too many potholes and there are sharp turns at places. It's very risky to travel,\" she said.Kanishka Paul, Sanjib Mondal and Sounak Banerjee unanimously said there should be a road divider as many accidents occur when a vehicle is racing to overtake other, resulting in head-on collision. They also complained about the fowl smell emanating from the adjoining leather complex.Suparno Moitra, regional manager (east), Nasscom, said: \"Considering the fact that IT companies along with the leather units have set up shop in Bantala Leather Complex, it is imperative that the road condition leading to the complex must be immediately improved to avoid any casualty.\"Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen admitted that PWD Road is in a precarious condition and said he has informed the PWD authorities to look into the roads condition. \"The road is in very poor shape. I have already sent a letter to the PWD secretary to look into the condition of the road and take required steps,\" Sen said.About the letter that he received from the CTS authorities, Sen said most letters that Hidco receives from the public usually relate to some problem or grievance, but it was a pleasant surprise to receive a letter from the authorities of the CTS's Bantala unit thanking Hidco for making the connection of the east-west arterial road - that passes through the sites of Infosys, Wipro, IIT and the St Xavier's campus - with the PWD Road to Bhojerhat, which leads to Bantala. A senior CTS official explained to Sen that investors often talked of the necessity of having a second route that could be used in emergencies.The previous Bengal government had envisaged a plan to declare the Bantala Leather Complex, spreading over 1,000 acres, a notified area and constitute the Bantala Industrial Township Authority to develop the civic infrastructure and look after its maintenance. However, the plan remained on paper and civic amenities were never developed in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14440103", "title": "Shiv Sena activists arrested for assaulting civil surgeon", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: City police on Wednesday arrested seven Shiv Sena activists for assaulting civil surgeon Dr Pramod Sonune and damaging his office. The accused were traced with the help of registration number of one of the bikes which the assailants used to reach the civil hospital.Seven youths had attacked Dr Sonune and ransacked his office on Tuesday evening. While they fled, one of the hospital employees noted the registration number of the bike. City police traced the bike which led them to the assailants who were rounded up one after the other early on Wednesday morning.The accused have been identified as Santosh Ratnaparkhi, Mangesh Uike, Devanand Nehare, Pralhad Lengure, Ravi Durge, Jitendra Suryawanshi and Gopal Janjarlawar. Cops claimed that accused were irked with lack of facilities at the civil hospital and ill-treatment to staffers along with patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444281", "title": "Three saints of Sindhi community die in accident in Rajasthan", "text": "VADODARA: The death of three prominent spiritual leaders of Sindhi community, including two from the state, in a road accident near Ajmer has led to grief in the community in the city. One of the deceased saints Swami Ashokprakashji Maharaj headed the prominent Prem Prakash Ashram in the city.The accident occurred near Dhondhu village around 60 km from Ajmer. Besides Ashokprakashji, Swami Rajuramprakashji Maharaj, who headed the ashram in Surat, and Swami Kishorprakashji Maharaj, who headed the Faridabad ashram in Haryana, also died in the incident.Members of the Sindhi community in Vadodara said the three spiritual leaders were in Vadodara last week to attend the birth anniversary celebrations of late Sadguru Swami Teuramji Maharaj, who had founded the Prem Prakash Ashram movement. The chain of ashrams includes ashrams both in the country and abroad.\"The leaders attended the 126th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Teuram that concluded on Monday. On Tuesday night they left by road for Jaipur. Their car, however, met with an accident and they died,\" president of Prem Prakash Ashram youth wing in Vadodara Pradeep Lekhrajani said. Lekhrajani said the saints were to participate in celebrations organized in Jaipur on the lines of those in Vadodara. He added that the programme in Jaipur had also been organized by the ashram there.Community members said the bodies of saints will be brought to the city on Thursday early morning. The bodies will be kept at the Prem Prakash Ashram to pay tributes to the saints and the cremations would be held late in the afternoon.Woman saint in Godhra attempts suicide in shockVadodara/Godhra: A woman saint who used to handle affairs of Prem Prakash Ashram in Godhra attempted suicide on hearing about the death of Swami Ashokprakashji Maharaj who headed the ashram in Vadodara. Sant Pushpadidi consumed poison on Wednesday morning at the ashram in Godhra.Community members said the Godhra ashram comes under the fold of the Vadodara ashram. Pushpadidi revered Ashokprakashji a lot and broke down on hearing about his untimely death.On hearing about the incident, members of the Sindhi community had gathered in large numbers at the Godhra ashram. \"At around 9.15am, Pushpadidi consumed poison. We rushed her to the Godhra Civil Hospital and from there to the Sterling Hospital in Vadodara,\" a community leader and former Godhra municipality president Murli Mulchandani said.Mulchandani added the Godhra ashram was involved in a series of social welfare activities. He added that Ashokprakashji was highly respected by the community in the town and this had led to people assembling in large numbers at the ashram in Godhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448566", "title": "Four more test H1N1 positive, 15 cases in June", "text": "MUMBAI: With the onset of the monsoon, cases of H1N1 infections are steadily rising in the city . On Wednesday, four more people tested positive for the virus, taking the count to 51 since April this year. Over 15 people have tested positive for H1N1 this June .A five-year-old girl from Dadar and a seven-year-old boy from Sewri were among those who tested positive on Wednesday.A 34-year-old woman from Parel and a 28-year-old man from Sewri also tested positive . Head of BMC's epidemiology cell, Dr Mangala Gomare , said , \"The 28-year-old is undergoing treatment at a private hospital . Rest of the patients are fine and have been puton Tamiflu.\"State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate insisted that there hasbeen no major spurtin cases becauseof the rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447860", "title": "65% prescriptions for branded drugs: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Government's attempt to curb overuse of antibiotics and promote generic drugs in hospitals has failed to enthuse doctors. A sample study was conducted on prescription trends at the state-run Deen Dayal Upadhyaya (DDU) Hospital and it has shown that only 34.8% drugs are prescribed by their generic name (chemical name). The rest are costlier branded medicines.The prescription of antibiotics was also seen to be on the higher side in the study \u2014 which has been published in the latest issue of the Indian Journal of Medical Research.According to Dr Uma Tekur, head of the pharmacology department at Maulana Azad Medical College that conducted the study, the prescription of generic drugs improved post-intervention. \"We conducted two workshops with the prescribers/doctors from medicine and surgery department \u2014 one immediately after the finding and the other a month later. The prescription of drugs as generics almost doubled,\" she said.The prices of generic drugs, which have the same therapeutic qualities, are significantly lower than their branded versions. For example, popular brands of paracetamol cost Rs 10 for a strip of 10 tablets (500 mg). Whereas, its non-branded generic equivalent costs as less as Rs 2.45 for the same batch of tablets.Overuse and misuse of antibiotics has been a cause of concern and government has been pressing on the need to rationalize prescriptions. But the study shows that out of 100 drugs prescribed, 43 were antibiotics. According to a senior doctor, previous studies conducted on drug utilization in other health institutions have revealed a similar trend. Overuse of antibiotics is leading to growing antimicrobial resistance in India. Experts point out that many diseases, earlier treatable with first generation medicines, are now being treated with second and third generation antibiotics.The study showed on an average, patients were prescribed 2.2 drugs per visit, which experts say can be reduced. \"We found only 78.1% drugs are prescribed from the Essential Drugs List (EDL) formulated by the Delhi government and the pharmacists do not label the drugs before giving it to patient. \"We found over 30% did not know the correct dosage,\" said the lead author of the study, Dr Tekur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446617", "title": "Global cures bear Gujarati names", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The removal of stones from kidneys will be a little gentler the world over henceforth. This will be due to an Ultra-Mini PCNL (UMP) device developed by city-based urologist Dr Janak Desai along with German medical-engineering giant Scholley. The UMP was unveiled to the world in Paris on Wednesday.\"Using the device is analogous to inserting a tiny ball-pen refill into the kidney, in place of a ball-point pen,\" says Dr Desai, director of Samved Urology Hospital. \"This means less damage to surrounding tissues. The biggest advantage with the device is that it can be used for stone removal in children for whom the conventional PCNL meant a big puncture in tiny kidneys.\"This is one more feather in the cap of Ahmedabad doctors, many of whom have reversed the trend of following what the West teaches in medicine and surgery. These doctors, experts in their own right - in fields as diverse as urology, cardiology, eye, orthopaedic surgery and even hair restoration - have developed equipments and procedures which doctors across the world are lapping up!\"We used to be starry-eyed students learning from foreign faculty,\" says Dr Desai. \"Now it is a matter of national pride when doctors in Europe want to learn from us.\"Dr Abhay Vasavada, internationally renowned as \"Difficult cataract doctor\", travels across 80 countries to teach the 'Vasavada Technique' to remove dense cataracts, a complex cataract condition which primarily affects young people. He has developed special forceps to operate on children with cataracts. \"My focus is to research and contribute to the cause of cataract care the world over,\" says Dr Vasavada who has now restricted his practice only to children.Leading cardiologist Dr Tejas Patel is another doctor who has made the Patel surname more famous in medical circles globally. Patel-catheter, which is named after him, allows cardiologists to manoeuvre their way from the radial artery into the heart a little more easily!Taking one step further, Dr Patel collaborated with his colleague Dr Sameer Pancholi from the US to develop Pa-Pa catheter which allows cardiologists to remove peripheral blockages through the radial artery.\"It feels good when international students learn from the Patel Atlas of Trans Radial Intervention,\" says Dr Patel.Dr Vikram Shah, leading joint replacement surgeon, developed the \"OS needle\" which can easily pass through bone.Dr Sanjeev Vasa has secured ten global patents in his name. His claim to fame is 'Root by root technology' and 'Feather Touch' techniques which are considered revolutionary in hair transplants. He also has developed 'SAVA Transplantor' which allows damage-free hair transplant.\"Wind has changed direction - it is finally blowing from East to West,\" said Vasa, who has trained doctors from the US and the UK in his techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14460672", "title": "City police arrests two from UP on charges of murder", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A police team from Kozhikode city on Wednesday took two natives of Uttar Pradesh into custody on charges of murdering a migrant labourer from Uttar Pradesh. Two of the accused Mohammed Gous, 23, and Munna, 55, both hailing from Barabanki district in UP were taken into custody by the police team from Chandanpur village in UP.Khaleem, 27, was found dead near Thiruvannur Siva Temple, in the city on June 13. According to the police, the duo had a quarrel with the deceased Khaleem regarding the distribution of wages. Khaleem was found dead with head injuries and his mobile phone and Rs.5000 were missing from the spot, the police said.According to the police, the arrested had admitted their role in murder and that they committed the crime by beating the deceased on his head using a wooden piece. Khaleem was sleeping when he was attacked, the police said.The police arrested the accused by locating the mobile phones towers with the help of cyber cell. A team of officials left for UP on June 18 following the direction of district police chief G Sparjan Kumar. The arrested were produced before Ramnagar Court. The duo was produced before Judicial first class magistrate court III on reaching Kozhikode. The court sent the accused in police custody for 10 days for further interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14461879", "title": "Drivers and conductors protest in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Following the accident on Wednesday, drivers and conductors of Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) are staging a demonstration at the Vadapalani bus depot. The employees belonging to Union affiliated say that the management has unfairly put the blame on the driver.\"Prasad, the driver has over 20 years of experience. And he has been driving in the same route for over ten years,\" said a member of the union, Babu. Members are convinced that the seat had broken off resulting in loss of control. \"It was a spare bus that was used. So its maintenance was even worse,\" added Babu.Similarly, State Transport Employee Union, affiliated to CITU have planned a protest at 4pm near the MTC headquarters on Pallavan Salai. \"This issue is across union and is a common problem amongst all employees,\" said a member of CITU, Sekhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14440011", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Another held for helping Kailash Jakhar escape", "text": "JODHPUR: Jodhpur police on Wednesday arrested another accomplice of Kailash Jakhar, an accused in the Bhanwari Devi case who managed to escape from the court premises.With this, the total number of arrest has shot up to 11. Based on interrogation, police have identified nearly 30 persons who helped Jakhar escape.DCP (East) Rahul Prakash said Raju Ram was arrested on Wednesday morning from Palli village of Lohawat tehsil. \"He was present in the court during Jakhar's escape,\" he said.All those arrested so far belong to western regions of Jodhpur rural near Barmer and Bikaner border, where Bishna Ram Bishnoi's gang was active.With the interrogation of the arrested persons, the number of the persons involved in facilitating the escape of Jakhar and Bishna Ram Bishnoi is steadily growing. The first person, who was caught on the spot, was Hanumana Ram Choudhary. \"He had informed that there were 14 persons but now the number is close to 30\", Rahul said adding that the further spurt in the number cannot be ruled out as the investigation is under progress.It may be recalled that the gang of Bishna Ram Bishnoi was active in the western regions of Jodhpur rural across the borders of Barmer and Bikaner. So, all those, who have been caught so far belong to this region.Meanwhile, the police have not been able to gather any significant information on the Bhanwari Devi case during interrogation of Bishna Ram and Om Prakash. Both were remanded in police custody for 10 days on Tuesday.Meanwhile, nothing new or significant has come out so far from the interrogation of Bishna Ram and Om Prakash, whom police had taken on production warrant from Jodhpur jail on Monday. The court had remanded both of them to police custody for 10 days on Tuesday. Rahul said that they also are narrating the same story as that of all those arrested so far have narrated.On the other hand, the jail administration has received the medical report of Mahipal Maderna and is in the process of deciphering its meaning for them. Jail superintendent A R Nyazi while confirming to have received the report said that now we will discuss with our doctor weather we shall be sending Maderna to Jaipur jail or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448774", "title": "Rampur attack: Cops probing Abu Jundal\u2019s role", "text": "KANPUR: Uttar Pradesh Police is sifting through police records to ascertain the role of Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal alias Syed Zabiuddin Ansari in the January 1, 2008 attack on Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) camp in Rampur. This is because one of the arrested prime accused of the attack, Sabauddin had revealed his association with Abu Hamza that helped the investigators to establish that Hamza's role in the 2005 IISc Bangalore attack.The real name of Hamza, who is also known as Abu Jundal and has 23 names and identities, is Syed Zabiuddin as per his school and college related documents. The Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) operative was arrested by the special cell of the Delhi police on June 21. This was confirmed by sources in the Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday, as they sifted through police records to establish his role in the January 1, 2008 attack on the Central Reserve Police Force camp in Rampur.Sleuths believe that Zabiuddin's arrest may spell fresh trouble for Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin who are already in jail for the CRPF camp attack.Both Faheem and Sabauddin were also accused in the 26/11 (2008) terror attack in Mumbai along with Ajmal Kasab. But, the two were acquitted by the Mumbai special court in which the three were tried. The court however held Kasab guilty in the case.The duo's connect with the Mumbai attack was the hand drafted maps of some important installations in Mumbai that were recovered from their possession at the time of their arrest on February 10, 2008, more than nine months before the same locations were attacked by Kasab and aides on November 26, 2008. Since Sabauddin's role in CRPF camp attack stands established and he himself confessed his involvement in the IISc attack in Bangalore (2005) in which he claimed that Zabiuddin (Hamza) pulled the trigger, there is every possibility that the latter may have played an important role in the CRPF camp attack, investigators told TOI on Tuesday.Additional director general of police Anti Terrorist Squad and Special Task Force Jag Mohan Yadav told TOI that investigators are sifting through the investigation records and interrogation reports of Sabauddin to specifically establish Zabiuddin's role in the CRPF camp attack in Rampur. \"We are in touch with the intelligence agencies on this,\" Yadav said.Sabauddin's role in the CRPF camp attack was established on the basis of the ballistic and forensic reports of the AK-47 rifle seized from his possession at the time of his arrest from Charbagh Railway station in Lucknow on February 10, 2008. The weapon matched the bullets retrieved from the bodies of the slain CRPF jawans killed during the attack and also the empty bullet shells recovered from the camp site after the attack, police sources confirmed.A class XII dropout from an Aligarh school, Sabauddin was the first person to have confirmed that Abu Hamza (whose name figured in the 2005 IISc Bangalore attack) was the same person, who was identified as Abu Jundal by Pak terrorist Ajmal Kasab.It was following this revelation that the intelligence agencies have traced the roots of Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal, which led them to a house in Hathi Khana locality of Georai village in Beed district of Maharashtra.The transfer certificate at the Milliya Arts, Science &amp; Management Science College and Bal Bhim College in Beed confirm his name as Syed Zabiuddin.Zabiuddin studied at Bal Bhim College till Class XII and his BSc final year admit card issued by Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University in 2004 bears his name as Syed Zabiuddin Syed Zakiuddin. Zabiuddin worked an electrician after a diploma from Government Industrial Training Institute, Beed.He came under the police scanner for the first time in May 2006 after his name figured in connection with seizure of arms and explosives in Aurangabad. In all 10 AK-47 rifles, 10 packets of 40 magazine rounds and 43 kg of RDX, a car containing six AK-47 rifles, 17 magazine rounds, and 2,900 cartridges were recovered in the incident.Following the arrest of Sabauddin by the UP Police in February 2008, he confessed to his involvement in 2005 terror attack at IISc Bangalore and revealed that his aide one Abu Hamza had pulled the trigger, killing a scientist. It was on the basis of Sabauddin's confession that the investigating agencies managed to establish that Abu Hamza, Abu Jundal and Zabiuddin is the same person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448210", "title": "'Fewer 90% scores led to fall in cut-offs'", "text": "Mumbai: Explaining the fall in cut-offs for junior college seats this year, Tushar Desai, principal of D G Ruparel College, said, \"Most who apply for junior college seats are from the state board. Since the 90 percenters had gone down, cut-offs had to go down.\" Most principals echoed Desai on low scores of SSC students being the reason for fall in cut-offs.At many top city colleges, after minority and in-house admissions, very few seats are left for open category students. Principal of SIES College of Commerce Minu Thomas said, \"Our cut-off in commerce has dipped from 90.77% to 89.63%. There was a slight increase in seats, that is why more students were accommodated, bringing down the cut-off marginally.\" The college converted management quota seats to merit seats to take in more in the open category. Despite having 480 seats, 135 were for online admissions.At H R College in Churchgate, the cut-off was 91.27%, which is similar to last year's, but the college was surprised by the high percentages of students who got seats under the sports and cultural quota. \"The highest percentage under the cultural and sports quota stood at 91%. Even under the physically challenged quota, the highest scorer was 89%,\" college principal Indu Shahani said. Shobhana Vasudevan, principal of R A Podar College, said, \"If results were bad and cut-offs higher, it would have led to frustration.\"Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's College, said, \"With more high scorers aiming for bifocal seats, there will be many cancellations. We hope to finish the process soon.\"Meanwhile, the high court on Wednesday dismissed a petition filed by a student to challenge the new changes effective this academic year in Mumbai colleges for the online admissions to the bifocal branch of science in junior colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14446554", "title": "36 Indians arrested for illegal work in Britain", "text": "LONDON: In one of the largest raids by UK immigration officials in recent months, 36 Indian nationals have been arrested following an operation to crack down on illegal working in Southall here. Acting on intelligence, and with assistance from the Metropolitan Police, the UK Border Agency targeted individuals who gather daily in the King Street area looking for casual labour, official sources said.Immigration officials moved into the area at around 0730 on Tuesday carrying out immigration checks on individuals to see if they were entitled to live and work in the UK.Thirty-six Indian males aged between 23 and 56 were arrested for a variety of immigration offences, 16 of whom had overstayed their visas, including several students, the sources added.Thirty-four of the 36 arrested are currently in immigration detention awaiting removal from the country. Two have been released on immigration bail.One of those arrested for immigration offences is wanted by police on suspicion of money laundering and is now in police custody.Harpal Johal, from the UK Border Agency, said: \"This operation was very successful and shows the fruits of working with other agencies like the Metropolitan Police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14443040", "title": "20, 000 detonators found in car headed for Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Police seized 20,000 detonators in a car headed for Kolkata on Wednesday, triggering suspicion that the city may be the target for a major subversive act ahead of Independence Day.The Tata Indica , with Jharkhand number plates, was intercepted on Kolaghat bridge by a special police patrol, said East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain. The detonators were found packed neatly in five bags, stuffed into the boot. Preliminary investigations suggest this could be part of a subversive act planned in the city ahead of the August 15 celebrations, say sources. Driver Guddu Singh, a Bihar resident, is being interrogated.The raid was based on a specific intelligence report, the SP said. Guddu apparently tried to bolt when he saw police checkpoints around 11am. \"A special police team patrolling Sarat Setu in Kolaghat was alerted when they noticed someone abandoning his car and trying to flee. He was intercepted and the vehicle checked, leading to detonators,\" said Jain.Packets of garments had been stacked on the five sacks to hide them, police said. Three bags had electrical detonators and the rest were mechanical ones. A possible Maoist link is being probed too. A bomb squad inspected the car. \"Every aspect of the case will be probed,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14439761", "title": "Abu Jundal's online activities landed him in police net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syed Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, like other masterminds of 26/11, would have remained safe from the law had it not been for his determination to start a fresh terror campaign against India.Determined to recruit fresh hands for terror acts against India, the resolute jihadi created a website to lure youth from India. Sources close to the investigation said Jundal committed the mistake, fortunately so from the Indian viewpoint, of using the same site to interact with his accomplices in the Lashkar establishment who have been under heightened global scrutiny since 26/11 and the disclosures of Pakistan-born American jihadi, David Headley.The electronic trail is what is supposed to have led intelligence agencies to conclude that the man behind the active website could be \"someone of interest\" to them, and pointed to his new location in Riyadh, the Saudi capital.The suspicion was strengthened by a Facebook account which Jundal had opened using his original identity\u2014i.e. Zabihuddin Ansari.The blunder not only led the FBI to him but also provided Indian investigators with a treasure trove of information, including four email accounts. The accounts, which were active before his arrest in May last year in Saudi Arabia, hold details of conversations between him and his accomplices, including those in India. \"We have hit a jackpot,\" said an investigator to underline the value of information that has fallen in their lap.Officials said they have also taken data from his mobile phones and have got some documents which were recovered from his accommodation when he was caught in Riyadh. The cops have also recovered an ID card of Pakistan from Jundal, sources said.Apart from meeting Indian youths in Saudi Arabia and running a taxi hire business in the name of Riyasat Ali, Jundal was active on Facebook. He was running the taxi business as a mere cover. \"He was not making much money out of it. For his activities, he used to get money from valid bank transfers in his accounts from Pakistan and also through hawala,\" sources said.Investigators were tightlipped whether Jundal had any knowledge about the whereabouts of Fasih Mohammed, a terror suspect who recently went missing in Saudi Arabia, or if he was ever in touch with him. \"We don't think he knows Fasih,\" an officer said.Jundal was staying in Riyadh since early 2010 and his passport was issued in Shikarpur near Karachi . He was caught in Riyadh and kept there for several months. Indian agencies pursued the matter with Saudi agencies after which he was deported to Delhi on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14461556", "title": "Sigma Group ties up with university of Poland", "text": "VADODARA: A city-based educational institute has signed MOU for educational tie-up with a university in Poland. Sigma Group of Institutes that offers post graduation courses in engineering, management, physiotherapy, pharmacy and nursing has tied up with University of Information and Technology in Poland.Students of Sigma can now avail of international degree in various branches like aviation, management, information technology, management, and hospitality management. Any student of Sigma can now pursue graduation or post graduation by studying partly at Sigma and partly at Poland. Such academic courses can help the students in minimizing the cost of international studies. Sigma authorities said that it will benefit students who cannot afford to travel abroad for studies for long duration.Under the MOU, Sigma and UITM, Poland will co-operate with each other in education, training, exchange of students,faculty and research. The study also offers possibility of studying in another European university for a period of six months. The economy of Poland would also help students to earn during the duration of the course. Any student can work there for two years after completion of his studies and cover the cost incurred on his or her education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14446874", "title": "Sena man held for 'molesting' cop's wife, out on bail", "text": "Mumbai: The Antop Hill police arrested a Shiv Sena vibhag pramukh, Shashikant Sawant, for allegedly molesting and harassing a policeman's wife. Sawant was produced before a court and released on bail. Sawant has allegedly been stalking the victim for the last two years and had threatened to kill her two children if she did not accept his marriage proposal.Sawant, however, denied the allegations. He said, \"The woman had first approached me for help in a family dispute. Now, she is levelling false allegations against me. She is trying to extort money from me and is targeting me for political reasons.\"Sawant reportedly first saw the victim at a political rally in 2010 and summoned her to his office, where he proposed to her. The victim turned down his proposal, saying she was married, said the police. The victim told the police that Sawant continued to persuade her to marry him saying he would buy her a bungalow and an SUV. But the victim reportedly stuck to her stand. In November 2011, the victim a filed case against Sawant for sending lewd messages. Sawant was arrested in the case, but released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14442385", "title": "RTI queries suffer as babus get shunted", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has a huge backlog of Right To Information applications due to the absence of a full time public information officer (PIO) as a result of frequent transfers of officials.The number of appeals pending under the RTI Act between March and May this year alone is around 200. However, in order to clear this backlog soon, the Authority has appointed two senior officials as the appellate authorities and has also dedicated two days in a week to deal with the pending applications.While the Authority's current officer on special duty, Manoj Rai, has been appointed as the new PIO, deputy CEOs, Vijay Yadav and K S Chauhan, have been named appellate officers to deal with all RTI applications. The Authority plans to clear all pending appeals within two months.Earlier, the Authority had earmarked each Friday to deal with pending RTI applications, however, it will now dedicate two days in a week to deal with old applications. \"Under the RTI Act, a first appeal has to be heard by the appellate authority within 30 days. This time can extend up to 45 days if supported by a proper reason. But, due to the model code of conduct implemented for the assembly elections and the transfers that followed, a lot of applications got accumulated. C B Singh and Anil Raj Kumar, looking after the RTI applications, were transferred soon after the polls concluded and we could not appoint new officials,\" a senior Noida Authority official said.\"However, the pending appeals are one of the major concerns now and we want to ensure that all the old applications are dealt with in two months. Once that is done, we will ensure that all the new applications are processed as soon as possible,\" added the official.While the Authority failed to provide exact figures, as per its own estimates, it receives around 50-70 RTI applications every month. Most of these applications deal with plots/land allotments, registry of plots and flats, information on civic work taken up by the Authority and some relate to frauds by developers/builders on the Authority's land or plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14456983", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee files nomination for presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: United Progressive Alliance (UPA) nominee Pranab Mukherjee filed his nomination for the presidential election on Thursday.Mukherjee, who resigned from the Union Cabinet on Tuesday, filed his nomination papers at around 11 am in the presence of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh . Samajwadi Party's Mulayam Singh Yadav and Rashtriya Janata Dal's Lalu Prasad were amongst the leaders present as Mukherjee filed his papers.The Prime Minister had on Tuesday expressed his government's gratitude to Pranab Mukherjee for his invaluable contribution to its work over the last eight years, and expressed hope of seeing him become India's next President.The resignation of 77-year-old Mukherjee brought an end to his distinguished 43-year-long political career.The presidential elections will be held on July 19. The vote count will take place on July 22.Pratibha Devisingh Patil's term as President ends on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443996", "title": "Education loans get student-friendly", "text": "PANAJI: The state cabinet on Wednesday approved the simplification of the interest-free education loan scheme to make it \"student-friendly\".Announcing this at a media briefing, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he had launched the scheme when he was chief minister in 2002 and that so far, the scheme has benefited 3,338 Goan students. Parrikar said 38.54 crore has been disbursed through the scheme and recovery adds up to 17.99 crore. He said that the success of recoveries is more than 90%.There are other modifications too. The first is that loans will be sanctioned every month. The money will be disbursed by an electronic clearance system directly to the account of the beneficiary within 30 days of sanction. For new applications, the first lot will be analyzed and sanctioned by July 30. They will get the money by August 30.Another modification to the scheme is that while earlier candidates required \"continuous\" residence in Goa for 15 years, the word \"continuous\" has now been done away with. Goan students sometimes go out of Goa for their graduation or other studies. \"So now, 15 years residence is enough, and it need not be \"continuous\" residence,\" Parrikar said.While in the old scheme, the income limit was 5 lakh, it has now been raised to 7 lakh. If the student's sibling is engaged in higher studies, then the income limit will be further raised to 8 lakh.The definition of \"fee\" has been changed to \"entitle fee\". \"Entitle fee\" means the gross fees including tuition fee, laboratory fee, library fee, etc. For example, the actual fee for Goa University's Masters in Computer Applications (MCA) course is just around 8,000, but the total amount paid is around 70,000, thanks to all kinds of other fees. Thus, MCA students this year will get 70,000 as opposed to the 8,000 last year. If the \"entitle fee\" is more than 1lakh, then the income limit will be raised by yet another lakh.The repayment period has also been extended. If the loan is upto 50,000, the loan may be paid in equated monthly installments (EMIs). Up to 5 lakh, no guarantor is required. All documents will be taken at one time and they will be valid to the extent of the loan, Parrikar said.He also said that if the borrower (student) expires in between, in fit cases, the government may write off the loan.Application forms will be available at Goa electronics limited, Goa engineering college, Goa educational development corporation, Sree Rayeshwar college, Shiroda, government college, Quepem, Padre Conceicao engineering college, Verna, government polytechnic, Bicholim, and the Institute of Maritime studies, Vasco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446416", "title": "Civic body cancels leave of all staff", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a stringent decision municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has cancelled all leaves starting July of all class-I and class-II officers of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). With onset of monsoon in the next few days officers will be required to perform daily rounds of their respective wards and zones to ensure that all monsoon related exigency plans function smoothly.The embargo on leaves remains till the August-end when monsoon subsides, claims a senior AMC official in the administration. The officers are also required to remain in touch with residents of different areas for quick response to any monsoon-related problem.Ahead of monsoon, AMC claims to have carried out major cleanup drives in seven major lakes of the city. Another focus of the monsoon action plan was to conduct a performance audit of all catchpit cleaning activities in every zone. Apart from this, the civic body claims that contractors involved in major construction activities along the BRTS corridor were asked to pull up their socks and complete their works within the deadlines. The municipal commissioner has also reviewed preparations like the number of de-watering machines available with the AMC.\"Most catchpits are clean. We hope that the monsoon passes off smoothly. Though we have more standby support machinery and pumps, it really depends on the amount of rainfall that the city will receive. One of our major worries is whether the new roads survive this monsoon. Also, a major check on mosquito breeding sites needs to be done as the number of malaria cases are surging in the city - this even before the monsoon has arrived,\" claims the AMC officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14438075", "title": "Pulichintala relief work delay miffs minister", "text": "GUNTUR: Expressing displeasure over the delay in completing the work on relief colonies for Pulichintala project evacuees, agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana has asked the joint collector N Yuvaraj to personally monitor the works.\"It is unfortunate that works on the colonies have not been completed though the works on the project is coming to an end,\" the minister said. He directed Pulichintala project special collector Lakshmaiah to hold meetings in all the villages identified under the project to take a first-hand account on the grievances of those ousted. He asked the officials to speed up the land acquisition in order to complete the relief works early. He said that cash would be paid to those who do not want to construct houses in the colonies.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14458219", "title": "Mohammad Hafeez faces uphill task to save his place in team", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Twenty20 skipper Mohammad Hafeez , who also led the team in the first Test against Sri Lanka in Galle, is facing an uphill task to save his place in the national side.Sources in the team said that while Hafeez, who was only recently named the national team's T20 skipper in place of Misbah-ul-Haq, enjoyed the full backing of coach Dav Whatmore but a whispering campaign had started against him in the team because of his poor form.\"When Misbah was banned for slow over-rate after the first Test there was some debate on whether Hafeez was in form to lead the side but since Younis Khan was also struggling with the bat eventually he got the job but failed to impress,\" a source said.After a successful performance in 2011, Hafeez has averaged only 9.20 and scored 47 runs in five T20 games this year, while his bowling has also fetched him just three wickets at an average of 32.Sources claimed that the decision to make Hafeez the T20 captain is now being questioned by many as he has a batting average of just 19 from as many as 31 Twenty20 matches.Hafeez has also struggled in ODIs scoring at an average of 26 in 14 matches, including a hundred against India in the Asia Cup. In his last six ODIs he has scored just 91 runs.Even in the bowling department in ODIs, he has taken just eight wickets at average of 46.77 this year.While in four Tests this year, he has scored just one fifty in eight innings and taken eight wickets.Former Pakistan Test captain, Aamir Sohail said he had also never supported the decision to change the captain but felt that Hafeez could overcome his poor form by a simple adjustment in his batting technique.\"He is not playing on the backfoot as much as he should and that is why he is getting out cheaply so frequently. Once he makes this minor adjustment to his footwork he can score again,\" Sohail said. \"I am surprised that no one in the coaching staff has yet been able to clear this minor problem in Hafeez's footwork.Sohail, however didn't agree that the pressure of captaincy was affecting Hafeez's form.Sources informed that the spirit in the team is not the same as it was a few months back when Mohsin Khan was the interim coach and Pakistan whitewashed England in the Test series earlier this year.\"There are minor issues creeping up and there is some disgruntled players around,\" a source claimed.Pakistan's team manager, Naved Cheema, however, dismissed talk about problems in the team.\"There are no problems or infighting in the team. Just because we lost the Test does not mean such reports are true. The players are in good spirits and can fightback in the Test series,\" Cheema insisted.He also pointed out that lot of umpiring decisions went against Pakistan in the first Test but the behaviour and reaction of Pakistani players was exemplary.\"It is a credit that way they took the bad decisions. I have no intention of reporting anyone nor have I reported anyone to the board,\" he said.Meanwhile, even as PCB's decision to appoint Hafeez as the T20 captain has backfired, the Board president, Zaka Ashraf had recently said that there would not be any change in the decision and some more time would be given to the allrounder to prove his worth as skipper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447792", "title": "Dredged silt drips back into Yamuna", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent dredging exercise at the Okhla barrage to deepen the Okhla pond was welcomed by environmentalists till they figured out that all the silt pulled out was being dumped along the banks and allowed to flow downstream with the river. \"For one thing, it is a complete waste of money and time to desilt the river and then allow the silt to flow back into it. For another, the silt would have contained high levels of toxins considering how polluted the river is, so it was the government's responsibility to ensure that it was dumped at a safe location,\" said Manoj Mishra of Yamuna Jiye Abhiyaan.Uttar Pradesh irrigation department officials say the original plan was to leave the silt along the banks since transporting it would have increased the cost of the project. \"The project cost, which is about Rs 12 crore right now, would have gone up to about Rs 17 crore if it was decided to move the silt. Also, it would have been impractical as there is a lot of traffic on the Noida road from where the trucks would have moved. A technical committee comprising chief engineers took this call based on financial and technical aspects,\" said an official. He added, \"In any case, where else could we have left the silt if not in the river? We could have disposed it of downstream but to cut costs left it from where it was taken out.\"The argument failed to convince environmentalists who are now asking for an environment impact assessment of such activities. \"This is no way to carry out desilting. Allowing silt to flow downstream would make sense only in case of rivers that have a good flow. Yamuna is a completely sluggish river and the reason these silt islands formed in the first place is because the water flow is not sufficient to carry the silt further down. Heavy monsoon flows in the river are still a few months away and either the silt will get deposited downstream or dissolve right here again,\" said Ravi Agarwal, director, Toxics Link.Mishra, who visited the site last week, added: \"If the silt is clean, then it can be used like ordinary mud. If not, then it has to be disposed of safely or used for construction. In order to know how toxic it is and what possible impact it can have, it is imperative to carry out an EIA. By allowing the silt to flow downstream, the UP government has put several people in potential danger. The most likely scenario is that it will get deposited downstream where farming takes place, the toxins will find their way into vegetables and subsequently into the food chain. And all through this neither the government nor the farmers will even realize what is happening. How can the government free so much toxic material and let it loose?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441996", "title": "Cops to do away with some no entry points", "text": "NASHIK: The traffic department has decided to discontinue some of the no entry points in the city, taking into account the inconvenience faced by motorists and residents in the concerned areas. While a survey in this regard will soon be undertaken a few months down the line, traffic cops say quite a few stretches of one-ways will be opened for two-way traffic soon.The traffic department had selected quite a few points for one-way traffic for streamlining vehicular traffic and easing frequent traffic congestions. The areas of Sarkarwada, Bhadrakali and Panchvati form the core of the old city, with the maximum number of government offices, schools, religious places and commercial areas.Parts of the old city area are connected through extremely narrow roads with no scope for widening. Taking such things into account, the traffic department had either marked some roads as one-ways or closed traffic for some hours at certain points to prevent traffic congestion.In order to ensure that traffic snarls are at the minimum, the city police have been constantly adding to the number of 'no entries' or one-ways in the city. As of today, there are as many as 23 one-way streets in the city, which the police have been adding right from 1999 to August 2008.For instance, the road from Priya Hotel to the Dr Ambedkar Statue at CBS , which is open only for traffic from the to Priya Hotel. Likewise, three-wheelers and four-wheelers are barred on the road from Sangli Bank to Dhumal Point to Nehru Chowk between 4pm and 9pm daily. Further, traffic on the road from Parasnath Lane to Kanade Maruti Lane to Dahipul is closed from 7am to 10pm. Vehicles are allowed to move only from Tivandha towards Kanade Maruti Lane.Similarly, traffic from Hundiwala Lane to Parakh Saree Centre is one way from 7am to 10pm. Taking into account the rush of traffic on the road connecting Gangapur Road and College Road via Don Bosco School and the congestion caused on this road during the opening and closing hours of the school, traffic from Gangapur Road to College Road is barred for bikes, autorickshaws and cars between 7am and 9am and 1pm to 3pm.Apart from these points, there are nearly 20 other roads barred for traffic all through the day or at certain hours.While the one-way roads are there on paper, and the necessary signboards are also put up at the locations, violations of the rule are carried out throughout the day if there is no traffic cop deployed in the area. Many traffic cops say that just one traffic cop is not sufficient at such points. If one motorist is penalized, 10 others take advantage in the meantime.\"In Nashik, 90% of motorists have the tendency of violating basic traffic norms. This can be seen even at traffic signals. If a traffic cop is not present at the signal, everyone is seen breaking rules,\" says a cop on condition of anonymity.There is a need for the presence of more traffic cops, experts say. Senior police officials at the traffic department say the total strength of their department is 185, and that these people have to regularize traffic, man traffic signals, no parking areas, no entry points and also be present for different drives at the same time. Out of these cops, some 30 are on weekly leave, 20 are engaged in office work, 10 are with senior officers and 15 are assisting VIPs in town, ferrying them from one point of the city to another. Nonetheless, last year, traffic cops managed to book 26,676 people for violating the 'no entry norm' and collected fines of Rs 26,67,600, while this year until May, 12,519 motorists were booked and slapped with fines worth Rs 12,51,900.The traffic department has been considering relaxing the no entry norm at certain points in the city and a survey in this regard will soon be initiated.DCP Sunil Phulari informed, \"Most of the norms have been implemented years ago. Considering the rise in the population, number of vehicles and the feasibility of the norm in certain areas in view of the present conditions, we are contemplating revising them.\" Other senior officials also said that in the current condition, there are certain points where the slots of no entry timings should be revised or done away with completely. While it may take some time, the revision will certainly be in the interest of motorists, residents of particular areas and the flow of traffic in general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448279", "title": "Residents desperate as rains continue to elude Indore", "text": "INDORE: Rains continue to play hide and seek with the city. With all monsoon predictions going wrong, residents are now desperately waiting for the rain god to shower his blessings. Despite arrival of pre-monsoon showers on time and cloudy sky and cool breeze witnessed in the last few days, there are no indications of rain.According to met department officials, condition was conducive for the onset of monsoon in the state as pre-monsoon showers were on time. However, system could not work effectively and weakened somewhere in between, which has delayed the monsoon this year. However, met officials still believe that low pressure is likely to form on June 30 or July 1, which will bring showers to the city.\"People should not get disheartened as first week of July will certainly bring respite from the humid weather and scorching heat,\" said DP Dube, director, Meteorological Department. Dube said that for the past couple of years, there have not been many systems formed over the Bay of Bengal which would bring rains to the state. The state, which has a less annual rainfall, meets their targets because of the one or two systems which are formed over the Arabian sea. But, MP region, which depends mainly on the system in the Bay of Bengal has been getting less rain.\"In 2010, rain came on July 1 and monsoon was normal. If weather system works properly, then this year too, rainfall will meet the average expectations,\" Dube added. At present, there is no system being formed in the Bay of Bengal and hence there is no possibility of rain till the end of this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441787", "title": "13 Nashik municipal council men get promotions after 25 years", "text": "NASHIK: Thirteen workers, who were absorbed as firemen following the conversion of Nashik's municipal council into the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in April 1987 but had not received promotions and pay grade scale due to lack of required qualifications, have got justice after 25 years. The NMC has approved their promotions as well as revised pay scales.The employees include Vishnu Tajanpure, Murlidhar Datir, Vilas Nirvan, Rambhau Mankar, Bhaskar Divte, Dnyaneshwar Gadekar, Balu Pagare, Umakant Landage, Manohar Bhalerao, Daulat Deore, Deepak Shivram Jadhav, Afzalkhan Pathan and Deepak Nana Jadhav. They have been placed in the Rs 5,200-20,200 payscale with grade pay of Rs 2,400 with retrospective effect from May 30, 2011.These employees of the Nashik municipal council were absorbed as firemen in the fire brigade department after the council's conversion into the NMC in April 1987. But they had not received promotions and appropriate pay scales due to lack of their education qualifications. A proposal to give time-bound promotions to these employees considering their long services was tabled at the general body meeting of the NMC, following a recommendation by the employees selection committee. Accordingly, this proposal had then been approved at the general body meeting of the NMC recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449325", "title": "Special nakas to deal with \u2018holiday\u2019 thieves", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of increasing number of snatchings and late night burglaries, hitting this city, police laid special nakas to frisk two-wheelers in Chandigarh on Wednesday. Police suspect that stolen bikes were used in committing snatchings and their main emphasis was to frisk all two-wheeler riders.\"Many challans have been issued to the offenders, who were driving vehicles with proper documents. Three-four bikes havealso been impounded. These surprise day-light nakas will continue in the coming days,\" said a police official here.Besides, two burglaries were also reported in the city on Wednesday.One case was reported from Sector 46, where the victims had gone out during summer vacation. Police said that burglars had struck in between June 14 to June 27 and they had decamped with gold and silver jewellery and Rs 20,000 in cash.In another case, burglars had committed robbery at a house in Sector 52, whose owner was out on holiday. Accused had decamped with gold and silver jewellery and cash worth Rs 17,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444795", "title": "Over weekend, RPO gets 15K applications", "text": "CHENNAI: The Regional Passport Office (RPO) at Rayala Towers and the three passport seva kendras (PSK) in the city received about 15,000 applications over the weekend. This was after a direction from the ministry of external affairs to clear the backlog as a glitch in the system made it impossible to obtain online appointments.Service provider Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) said the new system would take time to evolve. Tanmoy Chankrabarty, vice-president and global head, Government Solutions Unit, TCS, said, \"The new system is like a newborn child in an incubator and it will take time to evolve. We accept that there are challenges in meeting the demand.\"Concurring with Chankrabarty, Ravi Viswanathan, president, growth markets (including India) and head, Chennai operations, TCS, said the present system was in an evolutionary stage but was robust when compared to the age-old system of passport offices.Asked about the time it would take to address issues plaguing the system they said, \"It will improve with time and we assure you that the surge in applications will be met.\"TCS and passport office employees have made it clear they will not work on weekends anymore and they were forced to work last weekend to clear the rush. TCS officials also blamed applicants saying some people take appointments, but fail to honour it. But, applicants had a different take altogether.\"If 15,000 people have applied for passports in just one weekend, then imagine the number of people who are still waiting to get an online appointment. It is easy for the service provider and the MEA to pass the buck around. In the end, it is the tax payer who suffers despite the government pumping in Rs 1,000 crore into the PSK project,\" said an applicant who did not wish to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14462238", "title": "Superman of Malegaon", "text": "CreditsDirector: Faiza Ahmad Khan Editor: Shweta Venkat Cinematography: Parasher Baruah, Gargey Trivedi Music: Hitesh Sonik, Sneha Khanwalkar Release Date: June 29, 2012SynopsisMalegaon, a small town tucked away near the heart of India geographically, is fraught with communal tension and under economic depression. To escape the harsh reality of their world, its people seek refuge in the fantastical world of cinema.This passion for cinema has spurred a group of cinema enthusiasts to make their own films-quirky, low budget, socially aware and notoriously funny spoofs of Bollywood films. Their ambition has grown and now they are ready to take on Hollywood and Superman.We follow them on this journey. At times funny, tragic, contemplative. Always warm and engaging. And as the film begins to take shape, through schemes and approaches that are sublimely ingenious, simply bizarre and purely hysterical, we also slowly discover Malegaon itself. The film is a tribute to a spirit that can never be vanquished, the spirit that enables the Supermen of Malegaon to make Malegaon's Superman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450655", "title": "Woman\u2019s photo sent to nearby districts", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after the body of a 25-year-old woman was found smothered to death with a pillow inside a lodge room near Mettupalayam, the district police is still trying to identify the victim and suspect who was staying with her in the lodge. The photographs of the victim have been sent to all police stations in the bordering districts including Kodaikanal since the couple had booked the room giving a Kodaikanal address.\"We have sent the photograph of the victim and are hoping to get some clue regarding her identity in the coming days,\" said ES Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.The body was recovered from room no 106 of a private lodge near a water amusement park in Mettupalayam. The couple had arrived at the lodge four days ago and frequently went on outings as per the statement given by the lodge staff. The police claim that the youth appeared to be in his mid twenties and is the prime suspect in the case.\"The Kodaikanal address given at the lodge was fake after we cross checked with the Kodaikanal police. Our special team is on the lookout for the youth who stayed with her. We expect some breakthrough in the next two days,\" the SP added.Police are also conducting a thorough check of the couple's baggage, hoping to find clues. The lodge employees had contacted the police on Tuesday after the youth left the lodge in a hurry with only his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447058", "title": "Tall order: School sets height norm for kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is you child tall enough to qualify for admission in junior KG? Maharaja Agrasen School has specific physical criteria for admission in JKG which includes a minimum height of 95 cm for a three and half year old while the weight should be between 15 kg and 20 kg. These shocking details have come out following a PIL filed in the court on the issue of malpractise in admission process in this school.The school's policy of admitting the kids on these criteria has been questioned in a PIL filed by an NGO, Jagega Gujarat. The PIL has accused various private schools of violating a government circular and Supreme Court guidelines prohibiting interviews and granting admission to kids on basis of the draw system. School authorities have filed an affidavit and defended its practice. \"To ascertain whether a child is physically and mentally fit for pre-primary sector, height and weight are measured and further mental alertness is checked as a thumb rule,\" reads the affidavit, adding that the school does not conduct interviews of children.In a rebuttal, the petitioner NGO dubbed the criteria as wrong and submitted that if scientific approach is adopted, children having less height and weight are not necessarily deficient in mental capability as stated by the school. The petitioner also claimed that this is not permissible as per law.It claimed that while granting admission in primary, the schools do not have a draw system, but select them for their pre-primary section only. Besides, these schools also reserve seats in trustees' quota.The school has opposed these points saying that its trustees do not earn from school and often they donate to offset losses incurred by the school. Seeking dismissal of the PIL, the school stated that such accusations by NGOs might keep its donors away. Hearing on this issue is to take place on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439418", "title": "Summer-like monsoon to end soon", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last few days, temperatures in the city and region have risen 3-4 degrees above normal. Despite the met department having declared the entry of monsoon in Vidarbha, the climatic conditions prevalent lately have made it seem like an extension of summer. The weathermen, however, say that by the end of this week, one can expect a change.While the maximum temperature for Saturday was four degrees below normal at 32.6 degrees, it rose to 37.7 degrees on Sunday which was two degrees above normal. Since then, the trend of the maximum temperatures remaining above normal has continued. On Wednesday, the maximum temperature was five degrees above normal at 38.3 degrees.\"We are expecting a low pressure area to develop over Bay of Bengal , which is the primary requirement for monsoon winds to reach the Indian mainland. This means that by June 30, there can be another spell of showers in the region,\" said an official of the regional met department.He added that the other factors that bring rains to the mainland also look in favour. Through this week, however, the condition will be summer-like in most parts of the region with trace rainfalls expected in some areas during night, said the weatherman.Like most years, the monsoon was late to arrive. While the met department was expecting the monsoon to reach here between June 10 and 14, it was declared only June 19. After a brief tryst, though, the rain-bearing clouds seem to have disappeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443879", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation set to revamp Maurya Lok complex", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is all set to revamp the Maurya Lok Complex by providing some basic amenities.At a recent meeting, it was decided each of the five blocks of the complex would get new water tanks. Such water tanks would be used by the individual blocks. One generator would also be installed in each block which would reduce the problem of electricity of the shop owners.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"The water tanks, lifts and generators will be maintained under public-private partnership (PPP) mode. Electronic gates will also be installed at the entry gates of the complex to monitor vehicles.\" He added that 5,427 sq ft of parking area at the complex was encroached by the vendors. \"Now, visitors can avail more parking space at the Maurya Lok Complex after the anti-encroachment drive,\" he said. He added that keeping in mind the visitors' need, two lavatories were constructed a few days backVehicles would get entry from the gate number 1 and gate number 4 only. The rest of the three gates, gate number 2, 3 and 5 would be for exit. According to official data, 400 to 500 vehicles enter the complex on weekdays, with the number increasing on weekends. There would not be any paid parking slot on the complex premises.However, sewage system of the complex may cause problems as no pre-monsoon drain cleaning took place this year. \"Every year, we suffer heavy waterlogging on the complex. There is also no drinking water supply and regular power supply for the benefit of visitors. This is despite the fact that there are 100 state and central government offices at the complex and thousands of people visit the place everyday,\" said Amresh Kumar, a shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14447204", "title": "Book chief of general admin dept: Sena", "text": "Thane: Shiv Sena MLA Eknath Shinde on Wednesday demanded that criminal charges be registered against the IAS officer in-charge of the general administration department (GAD) for failure to check \"illegal\" construction inside Mantralaya. The GAD is the custodian of Mantralaya and an officer of the rank of principal secretary (services) is directly responsible for allotment of cabins, safety and security of the state headquarters.\"The GAD secretary should be held liable for the death of five people inside Mantralaya and the loss of government records in the fire. An entire seventh floor was constructed illegally inside Mantralaya. Structural alterations were carried out without clearances and mandatory fire safety audit was not done for years. It was a disaster waiting to happen and the GAD officer failed to perform his duties,'' Shinde said. \"The government should register a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder against the GAD secretary.''Shinde also demanded action against the BMC ward officer who has jurisdiction over Mantralaya. \"Any changes to the original building plan have to be approved by civic officials. The civic official is equally liable for failing in his duty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "damascus", "code": "14446387", "title": "Attack on TV station after Assad says Syria at war, 7 killed", "text": "DAMASCUS: An attack on a pro-government television channel's offices near Damascus killed seven staff on Wednesday, state media said, a day after President Bashar al-Assad said Syria was in a \"state of war\".A human rights watchdog said the past week had been the bloodiest since the uprising against Assad's rule broke out in March last year and as the exiled opposition called for international action over a week-long bombardment of the eastern city of Deir Ezzor.UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan is pressing for an international conference on the 15-month conflict to go ahead on Saturday despite wrangling between Moscow and Washington over the terms of reference and guest list, his deputy said.The Syrian delegation stormed out of a UN Human Rights Council meeting after it heard a report that abuses were taking place on a regular basis in a conflict that was taking on an increasingly sectarian dimension. Live footage broadcast by state television showed extensive damage to the studios of the Al-Ikhbariya satellite channel.\"The terrorist groups stormed the offices of Al-Ikhbariya, planted explosives in the studios and blew them up along with the equipment,\" information minister Omran al-Zohbi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437520", "title": "Chowmahalla Palace to house royal library", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is hectic activity going on at the Mahtab Mahal of Chowmahalla Palace. Inside the freshly painted gigantic mahal, staffers are busy unloading an array of timeworn books from the huge wooden trunks of the Asaf Jahi period. These books, neglected for over four decades, were recently shifted from the Nazri Bagh and Chiran Palace to Chowmahalla, their new home. Palace officials said that in about two months Mahtab Mahal will transform into a library with a rare and valuable collection of books belonging to the Asaf Jahi Nizams who loved literature and were poets themselves. They said that research scholars will now be able to turn the pages of history, literally.The huge collection has been pooled in from the three Asaf Jahi palaces including Chowmahalla, Nazri Bagh and Chiran and belongs to the VI Nizam Mir Mahboob Ali Khan, VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan and the titular Nizam Mukarram Jah. Manuscripts in Urdu, Arabic, Persian as well as an enviable collection of English books, a chunk of them from the United Kingdom , figure in the collection. Several volumes of Mir Osman Ali Khan's poetry are also a part of the assemblage. Officials said that the books are from all over the globe and that conservation works started about four months ago.If the official estimates are to go by, there are 5,000-6,000 books covering diverse subjects but a considerable chunk deal with history, art and culture. Several Islamic books are also part of the massive collection.Till a few months ago, much of the royal furniture adorned the Mahtab Mahal. Through this part of the palace, the conservationists had made an attempt to depict the opulent life of the Nizams.It had a dining hall, living room, an English and Indian darbar apart from a bedroom. \"The mahal has been converted into a library. This royal library is coming up in the palace with rare books dating back to the 16th century. A web directory is also being created,\" said G Kishan Rao, director, Chowmahalla Palace. Research scholars can make use of the facility, he added.While there was a large collection of books at Falaknuma Palace as well, it has been converted into the Palace Library, a replica of the one at Windsor Castle, on the same premises.Even this library at Falaknuma Palace is home to the rarest of manuscripts, books and one of the most acclaimed collections of the Quran in the country, all of which were selected by the Nizam himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14456608", "title": "Of ties that bind", "text": "No good performance can end without an encore. Almost in sync with the thought, Gabu and Mainak 'Bumpy' Nag Chowdhury, who recently returned from Kuala Lumpur, will be back in July for a repeat performance at the famous club, No Black Tie.Reportedly, the first Indian artistes to have performed at the club, it was a tour of Kendraka that took the two of them to Kuala Lumpur. Says Gabu, \"The first show is on July 7, where Bumpyda and I will perform with the famous jazz pianist, Sig. Joining us would be Jose Thomas, John Thomas and Stalk. There's yet another gig \u2014 Beat Goes Bach \u2014 where I'll be performing with Mei Lin Hii.\"Bumpy is no less excited about the tour, \"What I found interesting was that the listeners out there were an eclectic mix of poets, artists and musicians. The best part about the club is its live recording facilities. For our next album, I want to collaborate with one artiste from Malaysia and another from Tokyo.\" Bumpy, who has recently composed the background score for Debashish Sen Sharma's \"Bicycle Kick\", is happy that work on his first film as a music composer, \"Pendulum\", has been deferred until August. \"That's how I could make this tour happen. I'm also planning to bring Sig for a concert to Kolkata,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14445760", "title": "Lokayukta raids excise offices", "text": "Mysore: Lokayukta sleuths on Wednesday raided the office of the deputy commissioner of excise and seized Rs 2.46 lakh of unaccounted cash and documents.Lokayukta deputy SP Jairam said all the three excise offices in the city were raided based on complaints of corruption against deputy commissioner of excise Y Manjunath.Manjunath had allegedly sought Rs 41,000 from bar owners to renew their licence. The annual renewal of licences was held at his Kuvempunagar office recently.Manjunath demanded bribe claiming that he had to pay to the excise minister and senior officials. Apart from his Kuvempunagar office, excise superintendent's office in Nazarbad and excise range office in Kumbarakoppal were raided.Manjunath was questioned for over four hours at his office and later taken into custody when it was opposed by some people. However, police intervened to bring the situation under control. Sources said eight other staff were also taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14439206", "title": "Schools asked to mind own traffic", "text": "HYDERABAD: The short-staffed traffic police department has decided to transfer some of its responsibilities on to the shoulders of private schools.Representatives from some 400 schools were on Wednesday informed by traffic police officials that while their personnel will take care of traffic problems outside schools, school managements will have to take responsibility of traffic jams and even accidents in front of their institutions.As per traffic police records, in 133 accident cases out of 1,222 ones in the city, the victims were under 20 years of age.They also revealed that about 328 autos have been taken off the road for carrying more than six children to school.To ensure that they do not end up causing traffic jams, schools will have to employ private security guards to control traffic outside the school gates. Traffic police officials said that starting this academic year, schools with large playgrounds should also allow parking inside the compound. Institutions which lack playgrounds will have to provide an open space near their school for parking purposes.In a meeting held with school managements, auto unions and school bus drivers, traffic police officials said that ensuring the safety of schoolchildren was the responsibility of all concerned.School managements would also have to issue circulars to parents asking them not to send their children to school in autos carrying more than six children.\"We have staggered timings in the earlier school zones.\"We are in talks with the managements of schools in the six new zones to come to a decision on staggered timings,\" said Kumar Vishwajeet, joint commissioner of police, traffic.Police officials have also asked the school education department to make safety literature a part of the academic course work of students up to the age of 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444233", "title": "Skywalk at Central to be one km long, link 9 points", "text": "CHENNAI: The alignment of the city's biggest skywalk at Chennai Central will be decided shortly, with the state government planning to hold a high-level meeting with Southern Railways in the first week of July. However, officials told TOI that the skywalk will be one km long and will link the railway station with nine points.The facility will connect the station to points including Evening Bazaar, Government Medical College and Ripon Buildings on Poonamallee High Road.With an alarming rise in pedestrian deaths in the city over the past few years, the government is pulling out all stops to develop infrastructure that keeps pedestrians safe. Part of the initiative includes increasing the number of foot over-bridges and subways and skywalks in the city.According to a senior highways official, the skywalk designed by the highways department will have nine arms, which branch out from the main structure, with each serving as an exit and entry point.\"The main elevated steel structure is likely to be in the middle of the road,\" the official said. \"The exit and entry points will be at Madras Medical College, Government General Hospital, Park MRTS station, Chennai Park Railway Station on the left, and Evening Bazaar, Wall Tax Road, Central Station, Madras Moore Market Suburban Station and Ripon Buildings on the right.\" However, the alignment is subject to change, he said.Most pedestrian facilities in the city have become decrepit or cannot be used. Sample this: None of the foot over-bridges built in the early 2000s over Haddows Road, Sterling Road in Nungambakkam, and Peters Road in Royapettah are used by pedestrians. Ongoing metro rail work has added to the many impediments that pedestrians face, as subways near Saidapet and Kilpauk Medical College have been shut for work on the transit system. A popular subway near Park Town Railway Station under Poonamallee High Road will also be closed down in October.Professor of transport engineering at IIT-Madras, A Veeraraghavan, lashed out at the authorities for compromising on pedestrian safety.\"Roads appear to be only for vehicles, not for pedestrians,\" he said. \"Motorists don't bother to slow down near crossings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14442637", "title": "Three sonography machines sealed in city", "text": "PUNE: Three more sonography machines, one from a clinic in Ganj Peth and two from a clinic on Fergusson College road, were sealed on Tuesday by the city appropriate authority.Since June 8, six sonography machines have been sealed from different hospitals and clinics in Pune. Action in all the six cases followed after doctors requested officials to seal the machines as they had stopped using them.\"Doctors who have stopped using sonography machines in their possession for various reasons approached us to seal them to avoid hassles. In some cases, the machines needed repairs, while in some cases, the machines were lying idle. We inspected their records and did not find any irregularities,\" city appropriate authority Kishore Pakhare told TOI on Wednesday.On June 21, officials sealed a sonography machine at a centre run by a radiologist in Pingale Vasti, Mundhwa as the machine was not in use due to repair works. The same day officials also sealed another machine at a radiologist's sonography centre on Bund Garden road for the same reason.\"In both cases, the doctors told us that they had sonography machines but they have stopped using them. Hence, we sealed the machines after proper inspection of the records,\" Pakhare said.On June 8, a doctor running a hospital approached PMC officials to seal the machine in its possession. \"We inspected the records and its registration and sealed the machines,\" Pakhare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14440002", "title": "Attendance below 30% in NMC schools on first 2 days", "text": "NAGPUR: With the new academic session starting, all schools in the city were thronged by students over the last two days. But the situation was different in the 184 schools run by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The overall attendance at these schools was below 30% in the last two days. This is a huge challenge for mayor Anil Sole, who is taking initiatives to restore the lost glory of NMC schools.Sources from the NMC's education department told TOI that the overall attendance in NMC schools was well below 20% on Tuesday, the first day of the new academic session. \"Attendance increased on Wednesday and may go up in the coming days. But attendance was still below 30% on Wednesday. But, this year's attendance is quite better than compared to the past,\" said sources.However, a shocking revelation on Wednesday was that NMC's education department does not have any system to record the exact overall attendance of NMC schools. NMC runs 184 schools but has never prepared a system to record day to day attendance.According to the attendance report submitted by headmasters of all schools, NMC prepares a report and sends it to the state government before September 30 every year as a mandatory procedure. NMC also has 33 school inspectors on rolls to monitor the schools. However, there is no system to track day to day overall attendance of schools.Confirming the lack of a system, education officer Ram Dongarwar told TOI that students from poor families do not come in the initial days. \"Teachers have to go to their house and ask them to come to schools. Besides, many students are engaged in earning their bread and butter. Things have changed from this academic session. Now, we have plans to track overall attendance of schools every day,\" he said.Dongarwar further said that maintenance works at schools were completed well before the first day. \"Distribution of uniforms, notebooks etc has been started in all schools. This is the first times in last 10 years when no school has been closed down due to lack of attendance. English medium education has been started from standard one in all schools and is receiving good response. Around 3,500 new admissions are expected in the English medium,\" he said.After assuming charge in March, Sole had initiated many measures to improve the quality of education in NMC schools. For the first time, NMC schools were provided school uniforms, books etc before the commencement of the academic session. Sole, in association with chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari, has proposed 13 new projects to lift the standard of NMC schools. So, the low attendance will remain as a worry for the city's first citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14444799", "title": "Uttarakhand: Vijay Bahuguna and Prakash Pant brace for polls", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand's Sitarganj constituency is set for a face-off between Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna and BJP candidate Prakash Pant in the July 8 byelection. The assembly seat considered to be traditionally a BJP stronghold accounts for about 95,000 votes.According to poll observers, Bengali voters who account for 29,000 out of total 95,000 voters will play a key role in influencing the overall poll scenario.The seat was declared vacant on May 23 after former BJP Legislator Kiran Mandal resigned paving the way for Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna to contest. The BJP had attacked the Congress for allegedly weaning away its MLA. Bahuguna, currently a parliamentarian from Tehri, needs to be elected as a Congress legislator before completion of six months in office for him to continue as the chief minister of the state.Campaigning is yet to gather momentum in the constituency. However the Congress is hopeful of getting the support of the predominantly Bengali electorate in the constituency. The party is hoping for a win as it believes that Bahuguna has addressed long-standing demands of the voters. The BJP meanwhile is trying to bolster negative sentiment against the Congress by accusing it of horsetrading.Crucial demands of Bengali voters which were addressed by Congress candidate Vijay Bahuguna included getting ownership rights on agricultural land, setting up of a post-graduate degree college as well a community and primary health centers in the constituency.The state BJP dubbed Bahuguna's attempt to get ownership rights for Bengali voters as \"misleading\". The party said that as per the Government grant act, it was prohibited to give free-hold rights. \"Bengali voters are an aware lot. Bahuguna cannot lure us in this manner\", said a 67-year-old Bengali voter in Sitarganj.Senior state BJP leaders B S Chuphal and Ajay Bhatt said their campaign would gain momentum from Thursday after the arrival of the party's top brass. BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and senior party leaders including Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Murli Manohar Joshi and Rajnath Singh are expected to campaign.Congress candidate Vijay Bahuguna who filed his nomination papers on May 13 has been cobbling up support by interacting with voters in pre-dominantly Bengali pockets of the constituency.Apart from 29,000 Bengali voters, there are 16,000 Muslim and OBC voters and 8000 Pahari voters of the total 95,000 voters in the constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14461584", "title": "Unemployed youth registers an increase of 1.17 lakhs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Despite tall claims of providing employment, the number of unemployed has registered a increase of 1.17 lakh. The state has 3.17 lakh registered under graduate unemployed.The number of post graduate unemployed youth too has all most doubled. The increase in the unemployed post graduate youths was 29261. This figure was only 23,739 in 2005. Officials said that the in the year 2011 this figure has increased to 53,000.Officials said that in the undergraduate category there were 2.02 lakh registered unemployed youths in the state and this increased to 3.17 lakh in 2011.Officials said that the increase in the number of under graduate unemployed youths were mainly those graduates who are in science and commerce. Officials said that in the Bachelor of computer applications and the Bachelor of business administration, the student gets on campus placement and hence not many come and register themselves.The officer said the government has been providing employment but with the increase in the number of graduates as the number of students who graduate every year was on the rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14459016", "title": "Spice Girls' catsuit and leopard-print costumes up for grabs", "text": "The Spice Girls are auctioning some of their most famous costumes for charity, which ranges from catsuits to PVC dresses and platform trainers.To coincide with the launch of new musical 'Viva Forever!' in London's West End this December Girl Power outfits from the past 16 years will be put up for grabs at a star-studded benefit gala.\"I've got all my costumes still. I can't wait for Harper to grow a little so she can have some,\" the Mirror quoted Victoria Beckham as saying.\"But the rest I'd like to put up for charity, I think it would be a fantastic thing to do. Everything we did at the time was great, it really was great.\"We watched a little video Geri put together and I think we were nearly all brought to tears,\" she said.While Halliwell's Union Jack dress, which stole the show at the 1997 Brit awards, is on display at the Hard Rock Cafe in Las Vegas, one could still get your hands on some of Posh's tight black leather and PVC dresses or the leopard-print all-in-ones worn by Mel B, 37.Mel C, 38, will donate Sporty's trademark Adidas tracksuits and crop tops, and Emma, 36, is giving away a babydoll shift dress.Halliwell, meanwhile, is donating some basque-style minidresses.The idea of the sale is to raise funds for Save The Children and Children In Need, which was first mooted by Victoria at the end of the band's 2008 reunion tour.And one item she will happily see under the hammer is the girls' wedge trainers - or Buffalos.\"It was the Buffalo shoes that Victoria really wants to wear again! She hated them - she wouldn't wear them,\" Halliwell said.Grinning, Victoria quipped: \"No, I didn't, no really... I just didn't want to wear them myself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14461071", "title": "Debina is my lucky charm: Gurmeet Choudhary", "text": "Gurmeet Choudhary is one name whose sheer presence on the small screen is enough to drive t fans crazy. They swear by his name and can do anything to catch a glimpse of the actor.The handsome hunk, who rose to fame with 'Geet Hui Sabse Parayi' as Maan Singh Khurana is currently winning hearts through his dancing skills in Colors' dance reality show 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' . The actor is working hard to prove himself as a dancer and finds it difficult since dancing is not his forte.\"I have always performed on action numbers but here I will be trying out different dance forms like the Rumba and Salsa, to which I have not performed before. So it will be definitely a challenge for me and I just want to give my best.\" Gurmeet, who has done stellar shows like 'Ramayan' , 'Geet Hui Sabse Parayi' and 'Punar Viavah' , (which is currently ruling the roost) considers himself fortunate to have wife Debina, by his side. \"I consider myself lucky to have Debina in my life as she is my lucky charm. She is a trained classical dancer so it helps me to understand the intricacies of dancing. She never sits in the audience while I am performing, instead she stays with me throughout my rehearsals and points out my faults. This helps me perform better.\" The actor further adds, \"It becomes easy when you have a trained dancer at your house so that even if she misses my rehearsals I can record and show it to her on my phone. I have done that several times\" says Gurmeet. When quizzed about what is that one thing that Debina suggests him to work on while dancing, Gurmeet says, \"As I mentioned earlier, I have always performed on hard core action numbers so I end up giving serious expressions even on peppy Bollywood numbers (Laughs). So, Debina always tells me to smile while dancing.\"Well, let's hope Debina as his lucky charm helps Gurmeet win the coveted title of 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "dehgam (ahmedabad)", "code": "14447356", "title": "Veteran Gandhian campaigner out to save grazing land in Dehgam", "text": "DEHGAM (AHMEDABAD): Vinubhai Amin, a veteran Gandhian, is out to save the village grazing land in Dehgam. A Sarvodaya movement participant, Amin, has already started the fight to save this piece of grazing (gauchar) land in Lavad village, where Rakshashakti University is proposed.To lend a hand in the fight to save the village common land of Lavad, he has invited Arvind Kejriwal , Team Anna's core committee member. Amin says Kejriwal will lead a rally from Gandhinagar to the village where he will address the gathering.This is Amin's the third campaign. Associated with various non-government institutions, he has managed to bring in high-profile people to campaign for the causes he champions. For saving the grazing land of Vatva and Vasna Rathod, where 40 acres were allotted to a mineral water plant, he had called deputy municipal commissioner of Mumbai, G R Khernar, for campaigning.In 1997, when Keshubhai Patel was the chief minister of the state, about 40 acres of land was given for the mineral plant in Kadodara village. An agitation was launched against the acquisition and when Suresh Mehta took over as the CM, the government cancelled the contract with the mineral plant and took away the land in Kadodara. However, the plant was allocated land in Vatva and Vasna Rathod villages. \"Again we took up the matter and Khernar was called. The matter is in the high court and the villagers are still using the area as grazing land.\"Amin, who is not associated with any political party, claims that he had been conducting campaigns solely to save common lands belonging villages. \"Whether is a BJP government or that of the Congress, I will fight to save the grazing lands,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443870", "title": "New rules for bulk power consumers?", "text": "PATNA: All existing or new power consumers requiring more than one MW will have to arrange power for their consumption independently on mutually agreed tariff from any distribution utility. The State Electricity Regulatory Commissions (SERCs) would not have jurisdiction over fixing of tariff for them.This matter was discussed at the 29th meeting of Forum of Regulators (FOR) held in Gangtok during April 19-20, 2012, wherein it was decided to get a position paper on Open Access Consumers (OACs) prepared by the FOR secretariat and circulate it to SERCs. A position paper on this issue has now been made available by the FOR.Accordingly, Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC) has decided to initiate a suo motu proceeding to obtain views from various stakeholders about the commission's jurisdiction for determination of tariff for the consumers requiring one MW or more power in view of the fact that such consumers are now to be considered as 'Deemed Open Access Consumers' (OAC).BERC secretary Ganesh Prasad has sought comments, objections and suggestions from the general public and stakeholders on this issue latest by July 18. The Commission has already received a letter from the ministry of power, GOI conveying the opinion of Attorney General of India and endorsed by the ministry of law and justice on operationalization of Open Access in power sector.BERC, while highlighting some points, said presently about 15% households in the state are electrified. Thus, majority of the people are yet to get electricity. It will, therefore, be difficult for the licensee to supply power to all its consumers and may not be in a position to supply spare power for OACs without meeting full requirement of its consumers.A dedicated feeder from the substation of the licensee to the OAC is one of the primary requirements for the success of OAC. In its absence, it will be difficult for any distribution licensee to ensure supply of scheduled power to any OAC from a feeder, BERC said.It further said that an independent State Load Despatch Centre (SLDC) has not been set up by the state government under Section 31 of the Electricity Act, 2003. As such, the functions of SLDC are being performed by the BSEB functioning as the state transmission utility. BERC suggested that an independent SLDC is a prime requirement for promoting and effective implementation of OAC.BERC has invited suggestions on several related points, including whether distribution licensee is at liberty to sell power to OAC on the basis of mutual agreement without meeting full requirement of its other consumers? Can the distribution licensee be allowed to determine the rate and terms and conditions of power supply to such consumers? BERC is hopeful of getting some concrete suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14443926", "title": "Centre identifies green hurdles behind stalled investments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre seems to have officially identified environment and forest clearances as principal reasons behind stalled investments, with a key central arm seeking details on projects hobbled by green concerns.The query comes as a follow up to the Prime Minister's recent announcement that the Centre would push investments above Rs 1,000 crore by monitoring their progress through an Investment Tracking System. The renewed resolve to reinvigorate investment climate was made at a meeting called by the PMO to shrug off impression of policy paralysis.The government has sought to know specific reasons behind sluggish movement of projects and environment and forest clearances appear to be a key concern in the minds of the top brass.The National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council (NMCC), in a letter on June 14, asked all ministries to furnish details of public-sector projects above Rs 1,000 crore that are held up. While seeking reasons for the delay, it says, \"You may also like to indicate whether there are any sector specific issues such as environment and forest clearances which may be causing delays. If so, these may please be elaborated.\"The green clearances have been UPA's bugbear, with several Union ministries erupting in protest against the ministry of environment and forests' activism since 2009. Policymakers read NMCC's specific reference to forest clearances as indicative of the mood at the top.NMCC will gather projects held up by green concerns, and the PMO may then step in to resolve. The industry has often pleaded with the government to push for early clearances.The unending confrontation between MOEF and infrastructure ministries has been the bane of Manmohan Singh regime. There were high-profile clash like over 'go/no-go areas' for coal and mining, refusal to relax stringent environment norms for National Manufacturing and Investment Zones. The forest rights clearance delayed many a mega project.The red flagging of 6-million-tonne Vedanta aluminum project, Rs 50,000-crore POSCO integrated steel project and several coal mining proposals across the country, led to worries that zero-tolerance on environment would undo the growth story by discouraging investments.The infrastructure ministries resent strict the norms laid down by laws. The project developers have to secure two clearances from MOEF under the Environment Protection Act, 1976, and the Forest Conservation Act, 1980, besides other approvals from the states. While large projects have to seek environment clearance only at the central level, the forest clearance process begins at the district level through states and often takes long to reach the central review panels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444495", "title": "Times Chennai Festival : Zero to hero at Kebab Factory cook-out", "text": "CHENNAI: The minute Executive Chef Virgil James of Radisson Blu GRT announced he and his team were going to demonstrate the famed lamb galouti kebab, the signature dish of the Great Indian Kebab Factory (GIKF), you could see the pens being whipped out, the shoulders leaning closer to the makeshift stage and the eyes staring straight ahead, completely focused. Clearly, no one wanted to miss even the slightest detail, the little tip that could turn the kebab from an ordinary cutlet to an extraordinary delicacy.Wednesday's edition of the Times Chennai Festival took its audience to the heart of Lucknowi cuisine, of course with a few twists thrown in - such as the zero gravity kebab. But more on that later.First, the galouti, the hero of the day. \"We cannot have a cooking demonstration at this restaurant without teaching our audience how to make the galouti kebab,\" says sous chef Johnson Ebenezer. \"The truth, though, is that we do not know it ourselves,\" he adds. \"The secret of the 123 spices that go into a galouti kebab is known only to the Qureshi chefs and they pass it down through generations.\"Chef Johnson goes on to add that from a Central Radisson Blu kitchen, parcels of the spice mixes used for the galouti are sent to the various cities where the restaurant has a presence.\"All we know is that when we marinate the lamb, we use spice mix one, at the smoking stage, we open up spice mix 2, and finally we use spice mix 3. Each of the mixes is a combination of 41 spices,\" says Johnson, who adds that GIKF Chennai flies in five kilos of the mixes per month.Still, on Wednesday, Virgil James and team managed to demonstrate to the audience their version of the galouti kebab. \"We have figured out 23 of the 123 spices, based on our experience. And we are teaching the audience how to come closest to the Qureshi original,\" says Johnson.Once the galouti kebab was dissected, the chefs moved on to the Subj Chapli Kebab (all-vegetable), the Pathar Koliwada Machi (fish cooked on stone), the Talwar Kalmi Kebab (chicken) and finally, the Zero Gravity Bharwan Zucchini, almost all of them demonstrating a different cooking style. From the mahi tawa or flat tawa (used for the galouti, bharwan zucchini and chapli) to the stone used for the fish kebab to an actual sword used to skewer the kalmi kebab, the audience got to see a variety of cooking techniques.And now to the zero gravity kebab, which was basically a zucchini stuffed with potato, cheese and pomegranate and lightly pan fried in olive oil. \"We call it zero gravity because it is low calorie,\" says chef Johnson, who adds that unlike a galouti kebab that is around 110 calories a kebab, the bharwan zucchini is just 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14446300", "title": "CB-CID begins investigation in Ramajayam case", "text": "TRICHY: A team of top-level police officers from the CB-CID on Wednesday visited the spot where the body of slain K N Ramajayam was recovered and conducted fresh investigations. The team of top-level police officers from the CB-CID included IG M N Manjunatha, DIG C Sridharan, SP S Rajeshwari, all from Chennai and chief investigation officer DSP P Malaisamy.Malaisamy told TOI that it was routine as per the police manual for the top officers to re-launch the process of investigation. The probe into the Ramajayam murder case was transferred from to the CB-CID on June 21, as the police had failed to make any breakthrough in the investigations.Ramajayam was allegedly abducted and murdered by unknown persons and his gagged dead body was traced to the bushes on the banks of Cauvery at Thiruvalarcholai on the morning of March 29. A police official told TOI, \"Normally, a criminal case would be investigated from the angle of the available clues which might lead to the suspect. In Ramajayam's case, the police interrogated the suspects first hoping to stumble on the clues.\"Talking about the different styles of investigation between the general police and the crime branch, Malaisamy said the CB-CID would dedicate itself fully to the investigation of a case without bothering about the law and order and other court cases. While the general police investigated the case unsuccessfully over three months after having formed seven independent police teams, the CB-CID has formed five police teams. The general police have also handed over a 1500-page report that contains all the details of the investigations done so far.\"We should go through the report to brush up with the progress of the investigation so far, and take it further, and the interrogation of the people considered to be close to Ramajayam would be the focus of our investigation,\" said Malaisamy.Manjunatha said there could not be a deadline to solve the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14462359", "title": "Scanty rainfall leaves farmers anxious", "text": "HUBLI: Sowing activities in north-Karnataka region have come to a grinding halt and farmers suffered major setback with the rains playing truant.According to sources from agricultural departments, almost all districts recorded just 5 to 20 per cent of sowing activities till date. For the fist time after three decades, the region is said to have registered poor sowing activities.Sources said, Davangere recorded 20 per cent sowing so far while it has 1.06 lakh hectors of sowing area where sowing took on 12090 hectors land. Belgaum too registered just 15 per cent sowing. Soyabean is sown on just 2000 hectors of land against the targeted 75000, hectors, Maize on 1500 hectors against 1.10 lakh areaSowing activities have also come to halt in Gadag, which has registered below 10 per cent of it. Sowing took place on 13650 hectors of land against its targeted 2.40 lakh hectors land in Gadag while Haveri witnessed just 13-14% sowing where sowing took on 40000 hectors of land against 3.23 hectorsDharwad which was supposed to have recorded 60 % sowing by this time has registered only 10 % sowing. Just 25000 hectors of land was used for sowing against 2.62 targeted area in Dharwad. Gulbarga too registered nearly 9 % sowing. District has 571200 hectors of which sowing took on 39421 hectors.Chennappa Maadi of Kusugal village told TOI that : I am supposed to be busy in sowing activities now but I have not yet started sowing due to scanty rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14442616", "title": "Seven killed in auto-truck collision", "text": "AURANGABAD: Seven people, all residents of Aurangabad, were killed when the autorickshaw they were travelling in was hit by a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction near Dhakephal on the Paithan-Aurangabad road in the early hours of Wednesday.The police said that the seven people had gone to attend a religious function at Navgaon in Paithan taluka on Tuesday. They had begun their journey from Navgaon around 5 am on Wednesday when the accident took place. The police said that six of them died on the spot while another succumbed to his injuries at the government medical college and hospital.The victims have been identified as Mohammad Saleem Abdul Razzaq (75), Abdul Kareem Abdul Razzaq (72), Mohammad Irfan Mohammad Nizam (35), Haneef Mohammed Pattiwale (75), Mohammad Iqbal Mohammed Nizam (32) and Shaikh Naseruddin (20), all residents of Karim Colony, Roshan Gate, and Abdul Qadeer Abdul Qadar (45) of Babar Colony.The truck driver, who had fled the scene after the accident, was later arrested by the Paithan MIDC police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14443922", "title": "Seafarers wives gherao NUSI officials", "text": "MARGAO: Twenty women, including wives of retired seafarers and some widows, gheraoed National Union of Seafarers of India (NUSI) representatives in their office at Khareband, Margao, on Wednesday as they had not received pension of Rs 200 for several years.The women, from various parts of Goa, were upset at the manner in which they were being treated and some even complained that they were asked to visit Mumbai for the purpose. While some of the women had to renew their applications, others complained that they were receiving their pension once every 6 months as opposed to every month.Goa seamen association of India ( GSAI) president Dixon Vaz told TOI that they had requested the chief minister to streamline the functioning of NUSI.\"Instead of forcing them to make umpteen trips, they can easily cooperate with the widows by giving instructions on the telephone so that when they make their trips, they have all the requisite documents,\" said Vaz while clarifying that he was not accusing anyone of being right or wrong. The NUSI representatives, however, claimed that once all the documents were provided to them they would make the necessary arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448009", "title": "New AC bus as BEST takes revamp route", "text": "Mumbai: BEST will revamp its bus routes from July 1. It will introduce six routes, including an AC bus route from Colaba to Oshiwara depot, which will pass by CST, and four circular bus routes. The AC bus (AS-6) will also pass by Hutatma Chowk, Mohammed Ali Marg, Lalbaug, Shivaji Park, Mahim, Bandra, Khar, Santa Cruz, Andheri station, Lokhandwala Complex and Adarsh Nagar.Two circular routes will start from Andheri: JVPD-1 and JVPD-2. JVPD-1 will ply between Andheri station (W) and JVPD in Juhu. It will be available from 5.17am till 12.25am. Buses will ply throughout the week at 12-minute intervals.The second circular bus route will ply in the reverse direction from Andheri station.Another circular route will operate as Sewree Ferry-1, between Prabhodankar Thackeray Udyan (Sewree) bus station and Parel ST depot, between 7am and 9.40pm.The other new routes are No 260 from Borivli station (W) to Kandarpada (Dahisar) and back on a circular route to Borivli station, and Bus 612 from Bhandup station to Hanuman Nagar. Two routes (120 and 406) are being revived and six routes will be extended, BEST said.For feedback, one can contact the BEST PRO at Electric House, Second Floor, Colaba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14447803", "title": "Eyeing religious vote banks, Himachal govt to amend land ceiling law", "text": "SHIMLA: With just few months to go before the next assembly elections in the state, Himachal Pradesh government is all set to please religious leaders by removing restriction on buying land in excess of the upper limit mentioned in the land ceiling Act of 1972. The move is probably aimed at winning over religious leaders having a large number of followers in the state, a lucrative vote bank to be encashed.For this, the government will amend the land ceiling Act of 1972, which bars individuals and religious institutions from buying land beyond 150 bighas in the state. Already many religious institutions are running in the state and during its inquiry, the one-man commission probing benami land found one such religious institution owning 6,000 bigha land in the state.The state cabinet has already approved amendments in the Act with the condition that exemption would be only for land bought in the name of religious institutions alone. The state government will bring a bill for amendment in the Act during the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly.Confirming the development, principal secretary (revenue) Deepak Sanan said that exemption from ceiling is being given to religious institutes on the pattern of neighbouring states like Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan. \"In other states religious institutions are allowed to buy whatever land they want, so the government has decided to allow them the same freedom in Himachal Pradesh as well. For this, a legislation has to be passed,\" he added.Surprisingly, the government move has come at a time when the one-man judicial commission of Justice D P Sood on benami land had categorically pointed out that, \"Religious (tycoons) gurus have been using improvement trusts across the state for grabbing prime land in various towns, particularly Shimla and Dharamshala as also in rural areas, at throwaway prices. In many cases, the policy framed by the state government to recognize these trusts as agriculturists and allotting big chunks of land to them is not only against the provisions of the HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act, 1972, but also results in discrimination in the applicability of the law to Himachali and non-Himachali.\"Justice Sood had further stated that the government has abolished zamindar system by enacting the HP Abolition of Big Landed Estate, Land Reforms Act 1953 and HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act, 1972, but a new type of zamindars (big landlords) are being created in the name of religious institutions.While the commission had recommended that no institution be granted permission land in excess of \"permissible area\" as prescribed in the Act, now the state government is about to amend the same law itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449193", "title": "Now, pay your traffic challans on the spot", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic police have introduced the facility of paying challans on the spot. As the police are issuing more than 2,000 challans per day, the department also plans to upgrade the challaning branch office as well to handle the rush.In a meeting held earlier this month, traffic police had decided to take various steps to smoothen the road traffic in the city. Joint commissioner of police Anil Rao has directed not to spare any violation on the road. Following this, the number of challans issued per day has increased from around 800-900 to over 2,000 per day.Rao said that to implement this, more teams have been deployed on the intersections and roads. Even the number of women cops have been increased.A traffic officer informed that the number of computer systems have been increased in the challaning branch as part of the upgradation. The department's ambitious project, 3rdEye, where cops can capture traffic violations through mobile phones and issue challans, has also been on revival mode. The JCP informed that two meetings have already been conducted in this regard while the third is scheduled for the next week. \"The programme will be functional very soon.\"Traffic police also plan to conduct inspection of schools over the implementation of the high court's directives on plying of buses once schools reopen after summer vacation. Also, special checks will be conducted to check underage driving which is quite rampant among school going kids.Rao said awareness camps will be conducted to teach students about the hazards. Their parents will to be told to not to encourage such illegal activities, said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444151", "title": "Anna university likely to remain without vice-chancellor for a few months", "text": "CHENNAI: By evening on Wednesday, Anna University, Chennai had got through its first day of functioning without a head or a governing body. The situation is likely to last a couple of months, thanks to the delay in setting right political interference that resulted in the syndicate and academic council being dissolved two years ago.The thing that is keeping the government from forming a search committee to select a vice-chancellor for the university, say academics, is the notification of the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology with Anna University, Chennai.\"This will be done within two months. After that a search committee will be formed to select the vice-chancellor. Till then an interim convenor committee will be placed in charge of affairs at the university,\" higher education minister P Palaniappan told TOI on Wednesday.Academics, however, said it was a Catch-22 situation as the university syndicate and academic council had been dissolved two years ago. \"The current syndicate is not permissible by law. Then how can any decision be taken,\" asked an academic.People in the know said professor Mannar Jawahar, the outgoing vice-chancellor, had sent three names \u2014 director of technical education Ramesh Chand Meena, Guindy College of Engineering dean M Sekar and his own \u2014 to form the convenor committee. Minister Palaniappan said that the committee was yet to be approved.Professor Jawahar's decision to include his name in the committee has come in for flak in academic circles. \"This is very unusual. No vice-chancellor proposes his own name to be part of the convenor committee,\" said another academic.The committee, academics insist, cannot be formed in the absence of a syndicate and academic council because the nominations for the committee must come from these two bodies and the government. While there is no immediate solution in sight, a long-term solution also seems elusive at the moment.The only thing to be done, officials said, was for the government to revoke the order dissolving the syndicate and academic council, which will close an allied case in court and allow normalcy to be restored in the institution. This can give life to the academic council and the syndicate, which can then propose their nominees for the vice-chancellor search committee. \"This decision can be taken in a day, but whether the authorities will do it remains to be seen,\" said an academic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14438939", "title": "MCI breather for Malda medical college", "text": "Malda: The Malda Medical College (MMC) authorities finally received a breather from the Medical Council of India (MCI). Those at the helm had been reeling under anxiety until they received a letter of approval from the MCI on Tuesday evening. It is believed that intervention by chief minister Mamata Banerjee made this possible.District magistrate Archana said, \"MCI's refusal to grant recognition was really embarrassing for all of us. However, persistent effort on the part of medical college authorities and state administration has helped get the approval. It's a great feeling.\" Sagar Dutta Memorial Medical College and Hospital in Kolkata, which was earlier denied recognition, has also received an approval letter.MMC which began its journey last year, suffered a severe blow after the MCI stalled the admission of the second batch of MBBS students. TOI had reported on the matter after MCI sent a letter (dated May 26) to the principal informing that recognition would not be renewed for a second term. The decision was taken after a team from the MCI visited the college on March 1 and was appalled at the poor infrastructure.The letter written by Dr P Prasannaraj on behalf of the MCI (UG section) said that the council's assessors' report on their visit to MMC was considered by the board of governors at a meeting held on May 21. The deficient infrastructure had led the experts to take such an extreme stand.The anatomy section of the college was reported to be in a horrible shape. There was also no exhaust, light, water supply and drainage facility in the section. Apart from inadequate hostel for residents and residential quarters for teaching and non-teaching staff, the team observed that there was no ICCU, ICU, SICU beds in the medical college apart from one PHC.In view of the above lacunae, the board withheld permission to admit students in the new academic year. The copy of the letter was sent to the additional chief secretary, state health and FW, registrar, West Bengal University of Health Sciences and others.Right after receiving the letter, hectic lobbying started with the MCI as MMC had planned to admit about 100 students who had qualified in the JEE. A team from the state health department, including the health secretary and principals of both the colleges went to Delhi on June 1 and tried to convince the council that work to improve the infrastructure was on. This was followed by a surprise visit by an MCI team on June 11.In case of Sagar Dutta, the similar surprise visit found some more lacunae but there was no note of dissent for Malda. Finally last evening the mail reached to college (MCI-34 (41)/2012-Med) from Sanjoy Srivastava, secretary of MCI, approving the recognition for yet another year.Principal of MMC Dr Uchhal Kumar Bhadra said, \"We were able to convince MCI that most of their requirements were being complied with and thus was granted recognition. The CM had also taken initiative to convince the council.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14448817", "title": "IIT-Kanpur reconsiders decision to conduct own exam", "text": "KANPUR: The senate of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur will re-consider its old decision to conduct own entrance exam and not to participate in the Common Engineering Test (CET) meant to be implemented in the year 2013 after the IITs reached a compromise agreement with government over holding common exam during the important IIT Council meeting held in Delhi on Wednesday.The IIT-Kanpur was represented by Director, IIT-K, Prof SG Dhande in the IIT-Council meeting having representatives from the government and directors of all the 16 institutes.The senate of IIT-Kanpur had decided to conduct its own entrance exam. IIT-K was the first IIT in the country to reject Union HRD minister, Kapil Sibal's proposal of conducting the CET. IIT-Delhi followed IIT-Kanpur and rejected the proposal. Since the IITs are together and the government has worked out a new way of conducting the exam from the year 2013, the senate of IIT-Kanpur will reconsider its decision.Talking to TOI, one of the members of the faculty forum, Prof Neeraj Misra said, \"the senate of the IIT-Kanpur will finally decide what is to be done next after the new development which has taken place during the meeting of IIT-Council.\"Meanwhile, during the meeting between the government and the IITs, a compromise agreement was reached over holding the common exams from next year. This has nearly ended the row between government and IITs over entrance test. Under the new format, an advance test would be conducted and the elite educational institutes would admit students having top 20% from various boards.The IITs came out with a formula where screening criteria will be set, wherein top 20 percentile students from every board will qualify to get entrance in IIT. This will be implemented from 2013.The compromise formula worked out during the IIT Council meeting is in line with the decision of the Joint Admission Board (JAB) of IITs.The meeting was attended by directors of all the IITs. JAB had sought a suitable time gap between the main and the advanced tests so that the results of mains are available before the advanced and only the top 1,50,000 candidates (including all categories) in the mains appear in the advance test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14459760", "title": "Heavy rain lashes Mumbai; road and rail traffic hit", "text": "MUMBAI: In the first major downpour of this monsoon season, heavy rain lashed Mumbai since Wednesday night, disrupting vehicular and rail traffic.The maximum rainfall was observed in suburbs, the Met department sources said.Kandivili and Malad suburbs recorded around 45 mm rainfall on Thursday morning.The Met department has issued a heavy-to-very heavy rainfall warning for the next 24 hours for Konkan and Mumbai coasts.Colaba recorded 21 mm rainfall and Santacruz recorded 75 mm downpour till 9am, sources said.The Central Railway trains were running late by up to 30-35 minutes because of signal problem at various locations, CR spokesman said.However, all suburban train services were running on schedule on the western line.The flights were running normal at the Mumbai international airport and there were no disruptions reported so far, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14449059", "title": "Cops nab kingpin of gang engaged in stealing opium", "text": "VARANASI: Finally, the special operation group (SOG) and Jaitpura police succeeded in nabbing the kingpin of the gang engaged in siphoning opium from Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW), Ghazipur. According to SSP BD Paulson, the joint team of Jaitpura police and SOG caught Ravindra Kumar Yadav alias Suman alias Doctor near Chawkaghat Panitanki area under Jaitpura police station when he was trying to escape in his luxury vehicle. The police had been searching Suman for past four months.The DIG Range A Satish Ganesh, who was monitoring this case had announced a cash reward of Rs 10,000 on Suman while the court had ordered to confiscate his property.It may be recalled here that on February 29 last the district police made a huge recovery of 558 kg of raw opium stored at a house in Jaitpura police station area by arresting three persons including CISF constable Gopal Ghare, Sheetal Jaiswal alias Kallu of Teliana Hanuman Phatak and Om Prakash Yadav while one identified as Tushar alias Babu had managed to escape. On their tip off Munna Keshari and Kamlesh Keshari of Golaghat in Ghazipur were also arrested.After it during the stock verification at GOAW it was exposed that apart from already recovered 25 containers as many as 27 other container containing over 600 kg of raw opium were missing. When the NCBI officials checked the quality of recovered opium it came to light that over 50 kg of heroin could be prepared with it. During the same investigation the involvement of four other CISF constables including VC Balunayak, B Bhaskar, K Satish Kumar and Hassan Deen came to light after, which they were arrested.The arrested drug peddlers and CISF personnel had also been taken on police remand for interrogation and their bail pleas were rejected in lower court.The progress in investigation revealed that the kingpin of this racket is Ravindra alias Suman, who is also known as Doctor due to his expertise in formulating heroin from the opium siphoned from GOAW. Following his arrest the DIG and SSP announced to provide cash reward of Rs 10,000 and Rs 5,000 to the police team for this achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439027", "title": "Backward regions grant unused", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government may raise a hue and cry over not receiving Central government funds, but in many cases funds that have reached the government are yet to be spent.For instance, the state cottage and small scale industries department has received Rs 89 crore for two approved schemes under the centrally-sponsored Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF). However, no tenders or expression of interest have yet been issued. State cottage and small scale minister Manas Bhuniya on Tuesday, held a meeting with officials to expedite projects under the BRGF scheme.The se two projects are natural fibre mission, which is a rural livelihood generation programme using natural fibres like jute, bamboo, coir, mat, sabai grass, cotton and silk, . This project is worth Rs 257 crore. Another project includes is for building of 12 rural haats which cost Rs 12 crore. The rural haats will come up at Purulia, Bishnupur, Alipurduar and Jhargram.If the projects don't take form by April 2013, the Centre will not release the second installment of funds. tnnFor these two projects - worth Rs 269 crore - the Centre has already released Rs 89 crore. But none of the project has actuallybeen implemented yet on ground. It looks tough already, as this phase of the project must be completed by April 2013 for the next installment of funds to come.The 11 districts that have been identified under the BRGF are Bankura, Birbhum, Dakshin Dinajpur, Jalpaiguri, Malda, East Midnapore, West Midnapore, Murshidabad, Purulia, South 24-Parganas and Uttar Dinajpur.During the day, state cottage and small scale minister Manas Bhuniya held a meeting with officials of the department so that the project could be implemented with utmost urgency. The funds, officials said, had come in March-April this year. According to department secretary Anup Chanda however, the project is well on track, \"and the fact that there has been no tender or expression of interest is not any indication of how things are progressing. Time has to be given also to the planning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444336", "title": "S M Krishna urges Rahul Gandhi to join govt yet again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi may have decided to lie low for a while after the Congress debacle in UP, but on Wednesday foreign minister S M Krishna implored the Gandhi scion to join the Cabinet to help UPA government solve the problems being faced by the country.Krishna said, \"I am one of those who feel that it is necessary for Rahul Gandhi to come into the government and help the government in solving the problems that we face as a country.\"He was replying to queries if it was the right time for the Congress general secretary to join the government after the resignation of Pranab Mukherjee. While the suggestion comes ahead of Cabinet expansion, it is unlikely to change Rahul's thinking who has decided to stay out of the government.Krishna himself acknowledged Rahul's reluctance. \"We have always wanted Rahul Gandhi's involvement in the government. The prime minister's invitation is there to join the government but he himself seems to be not inclined at the moment,\" he said.However, it shows the kind of pressure that Congress is going to face in the run-up to 2014 Lok Sabha elections. There is a strong sentiment in the Congress that the young leader should be given bigger responsibility in the party and be made the face for next general elections.Krishna noted that PM Manmohan Singh had already asked Rahul to join the government and his \"invitation\" stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14442258", "title": "Kashmir commander recruited Abu Jundal into terror outfit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abu Jundal, the \"highest ranking\" Indian in the Lashkar-e-Taiba, has told his interrogators that he was recruited into the terror outfit by LeT's commander of Jammu and Kashmir range Aslam Kashmiri. He said his friend Fayyaz Kagri was the one who introduced him to Kashmiri.Jundal also told the cops that he married a girl, reportedly the daughter of a Lashkar member, in Karachi in 2009 and they have a child as well.A member of SIMI for some time, Jundal was introduced to Kashmiri by Fayyaz in 2003-04 after which he underwent basic training programmes. He was involved in a bomb blast in Ahmedabad in 2006 along with Kashmiri and Fayyaz and again in the Aurangabad arms haul case, in which Kashmiri was caught but he managed to escape. The same year, he fled to Pakistan and started working closely with top LeT bosses and won over their confidence in a very short time.Sources said Jundal rose fast to become the \"highest ranking\" Indian in LeT. Capable of speaking Hindi, Marathi, Urdu and a bit of Arabic, Jundal told cops that he never visited Kashmir as he stayed in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) most of the time to arrange training programmes.Talking about his induction in Lashkar, Jundal claimed that he used to look after operational matters and had undergone two specific training courses - Daura-e-Aam (a 21-day basic combat course) and Daura-e-Sufa (a 21-day sectarian religious course) -- but he never went for Daura-e-Khaas (a three-month advanced combat course). \"He said that as he has a back problem, he could not have participated in active terror operations and so did not undertake Daura-e-Khaas,\" an officer said.Meanwhile, a round-the-clock, three-tier security ring has been thrown around the Special Cell office of Delhi Police with Jundal being lodged there for questioning. Several commandos and security officials of CRPF and SWAT team of Delhi Police are guarding the room where Jundal is being grilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448139", "title": "Three held for leaking BCom distance education paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men who allegedly leaked the firstyear question paper of DU's distance education BCom exam have been arrested. What has shocked investigators more is that the trio entered the examination hall posing as invigilators and tried to replace the answer sheets provided to candidates with 200 completed answer scripts.\"The men had stolen blank scripts from a government school in Roop Nagar. We cannot rule out the possibility of insiders at the examination centre being involved in the leak,\" said an investigator.The leak was detected by centre examiner just before the exam was about to begin . \"We were informed in time. We have seized the car in which the answer scripts were transported,\" said DCP (north) Sindhu Pillai. The examiner told TOI that he saw students with the leaked question paper around 12.30pm on Wednesday . \"I informed the proctor, the OSD to the controller of examinations and the police ,\" he said. However, cops said DU officials were yet to send them a formal complaint . \"The principal of the government school should lodge a complaint. We will add sections when we are get the final FIR registered ,\" added the investigator . Meanwhile, locals in the area blocked the examination centre protesting against the leak. Cops said the protest lasted for only a few minutes.\"We are questioning the three men if they have been involved in leaking papers of other exams that have already been conducted by the university,\"said Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "14448460", "title": "BMC orders survey of Mumbai fire hydrants", "text": "Mumbai : Days after the Mantralaya fire , the BMC has ordered a survey of all the fire hydrants in the city .Thecivicbody also plans to work with other agencies to ensure that fire hydrants are not affected by any construction work . Defaulters are likely to be penalized if the instructions are not followed . Members of the civic standing committee on Wednesday said there were several lapses when it came to dousing the fire at Mantralaya , including problems with the fire hydrants . Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said ,\"We are going to conduct a survey of all the fire hydrants in the city .It has come to our attention that many hydrants have got buried under the roads . The agencies carrying out work on the roads will be responsible for uncovering these hydrants and if they fail to do so, action will be taken against them .\" The BMC will also be conducting an audit of all its buildings in the city and officials are planning to reduce the amount of paperwork by going digital , Jalota added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14438222", "title": "Government keeps farmers on their toes", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Farmers of Krishna delta are in a piquant situation as the state government is dilly-dallying on releasing water to the ayacut as reserves in all the major projects has reached dead storage level. Scanty rainfall has only added to the woes of the farmers in the coastal region.While the recent high-level committee chaired by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was indecisive, sources said it was highly unlikely that the government would agree to release the little water available in the reservoirs. But farmers of about 25 lakh acres in Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam, West Godavari, Nalgonda and Khammam districts are anxiously waiting for a positive decision from the government.The rainfall received in the last fortnight was not sufficient to take up plantation of nurseries and the farmers have decided to go for tilling only after government releases water. \"The situation in the reservoirs is not favourable although the farmers require only 2-3 tmcs for taking up plantation of nurseries,\" said the irrigation chief engineer (Krishna delta). Against the full reservoir level (FRL) of 590 ft, water at Nagarjunasagar is down to an all-time low of 511.2 ft on Wednesday. As a result, the total water level in the project dipped to 133 tmc as against the actual FRL of 312 tmc.The Sagar reservoir was brimming over the last two years when the reserves stood at almost 315 tmc (2011) and 386 tmc (2010) around this time. While the project was designed to store 408 tmc of water, its storage capacity had come down to 312 tmc due to the massive siltation in the basin resulting in the loss of about 100 tmc of water storage capacity in the last few years. The irrigation department officially reduced the storage capacity to 312 tmc last year. Experts said the Sagar reserves were more alarming as the water levels had never gone down beyond 223 tmc since January this year.\"We are carefully studying the situation and a decision on releasing water will be taken shortly,\" said district minister K Parthasaradhi on Wednesday. He said though the government wants to release water for irrigation needs, a decision in this regard has been put on hold because of the poor reserves. \"We cannot afford to release waters downstream in view of the very poor reserves in major irrigation projects,\" engineer-in-chief B N Muralidhar explained. The reserves in Srisailam reservoir have also depleted considerably. The water levels in Srisailam had gone down to 48.95 tmc against the total capacity of 263 tmc.In addition to the water woes, the errant power supply and shortage of seeds has put the farmers on the backfoot. \"The government is not in a position to release even 2-3 tmc of water to help farmers grow the nurseries in time before the rains lash the areas,\" said former agriculture minister Vadde Sobhanadreeswara Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439329", "title": "Police custody remand for Mickey &amp; gang till June 30", "text": "NAGPUR: The police custody remand of Mickey Bakshi, the owner of security agency and president of a socio-political organization 'Youth Force', and his two accomplices Yogesh Chokse and Kamaljeet Singh Mangat has been extended to June 30. The trio has been arrested for their alleged role in the murder of NCP leader Ganesh Mate last week over a property deal dispute.Bakshi, Chokse and Mangat were produced before the magistrate after their custody remand ended on Wednesday. Police said that Mate was allegedly killed for a dispute over a property worth around Rs 36 lakhs at Zingabai Chikli. Mate had come to meet Bakshi at his office at Sadar. But Mate's body was later found on a railway track near Kalamna yard.Police indicated that one more person is likely to be arrested in the case soon. The security agencies are now tallying the call detail records of the concerned persons' mobile phones to verify the claims. Advocate Prakash Jaiswal, who represented the defense, argued before the court suggesting it to continue the remand for a fair probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14449718", "title": "Tree from Lahore nurtures friendships beyond boundaries", "text": "A line drawn a couple of kilometres from Ludhiana may have defined borders and changed the world for most people. But on either side there are some things that have become vestiges of another time, another place. TOI traces a few of these legacies of Partition in the city that trigger memories on this side of the borderA tiny sapling of love planted around nine years ago at a garden in SBS Nagar has now turned into a 15-foot tree, standing as true testimony of a strong bond between Ludhiana and Lahore.Brought from Lahore in 2003 on the assurance from president of Punjab Sahit Akademi Gurbhajan Singh Gill that it would never be allowed to dry or wither, gabh has become the prized possession of its owner who sees it every day at his backyard. Though barbed wires and skewed political relations come between those living in India and Pakistan, Gill feels the soil and air here that is nurturing the tree has proved that nothing can severe roots by history.\"I had gone to Government College Lahore to attend world Punjabi conference in 2003. At the college my car stopped under a unique tree with red leaves that fascinated me. Everyone went inside for the lecture but I was glued to the tree and lost in my own world,\" said Gill. He continued that an aged gardener approached me and asked why I was looking with curiosity towards the tree. He was apprehensive and thought that there could be some problem with his work. I hugged him and asked about that tree and requested him to give me some seeds of that tree,\" added Gill.However, after giving the lecture, when Gill went to his car he found a small earthen pot with a gabh sapling near it. The gardener went running to him and also handed a polythene bag with few seeds of that plant. \"When I asked him how much it cost the gardener had tears in his eyes and replied that it was 'mohabbat da boota' and I should only promise to take care of it,\" said Gill about how the plant, now famous as 'friendship tree' in Ludhiana, came to him.Gill said the tree has helped forge new friendships across the border. \"My new Pakistani friends call me often and inquire about the tree. This tree has also motivated me to compile Punjabi poems in the form of a book and translate it into Shahmukhi,\" he added.Difficult journey of 'Mohabbat da Boota from LahoreThe journey of 'mohabbat da boota' from Lahore to Ludhiana was not easy. Gill was first discouraged by friends and later stopped by custom officials at Attari-Wagah border on the Pakistan side from taking the sapling but he did not relent. \"When we returned to Hotel Shahtaz in Lahore, members of our delegation started making fun of me. They said people carry expensive gifts back home and I was carrying a dirty plant. They suggested me to keep distance from them because it could dirty them too. I was also not sure how to transport it,\" said Gill. But, he was not going to give up easy so he tore a piece of cloth from his turban and made a makeshift handle to lift the earthen pot. And when Pakistani customs officials stopped him to confiscate the plant he spent a long time patiently convincing them that he could not return without the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "arambagh", "code": "14439433", "title": "CPM man held with AK47 ammo names CPM leader", "text": "Arambagh: A CPM supporter was arrested from Arambagh's Kalaboni area on Wednesday after he confessed to stashing more than 1,000 AK47 bullets. Noor Mohammad has reportedly told police that a former CPM leader had told him to stockpile the ammunition for use in the 2011 assembly polls.The incident may come as a headache for the CPM in the run-up to the panchayat polls. The police have refused to take any names until they question Noor at length and complete their investigation.Noor's mysterious movements had always raised suspicion in Kalaboni, say locals. They wondered why he frequented the place although his home was in Goghat. He was known to vanish for days on end during elections. Locals grew worried when his visits to Kalaboni grew more frequent after the last assembly election. A group of villagers spotted him on Tuesday night, nabbed him and called the police.Arambagh inspector-in-charge Sukomal Das said: \"The suspect has confessed that he had hidden a large amount of ammunition in a sack near a pond called Katakhal. We found 1,008 rounds of 7.62mm caliber which are used in automatic firearms, including AK47.\"Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said the haul indicates \"there could be others too\". \"We will interrogate the suspect to unearth this arms smuggling chain,\" the SP said. Police sources said or has named a former CPM MP but officers refused to comment till they find corroborative evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14444719", "title": "Trackmen's stir likely to hit rail services today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rail services are likely to be hit hard across the country on Thursday as lakhs of trackmen, who are responsible for maintenance of tracks, will go on a day's strike to push the authorities to meet their long-pending demand for better working conditions.The protest call given by All-India Railwaymen's Federation (AIRF), the largest union of railway employees, aims to exert pressure on the railway management to implement the recommendations of the Joint Committee on Package and Career Progression of the Trackmen which was set up to suggest measures to improve their working conditions.\"As of now, a trackman, whose role is crucial for the safety of train operation, joins railways as a trackman and retires as one,\" said Shiv Gopal Mishra, general secretary of AIRF.\"The trackman joins the job at the pay scale of Rs 1,800 per month and retires at the same pay band,\" Mishra said, adding that there are around three lakh trackmen who work day and night to maintain 68,000 km of rail track to ensure safe travel.The union has threatened to launch a sustained struggle if railways dilutes the recommendations of panel.The Committee, of which unions were part of, was set up by Mamata Banerjee as the railway minister and submitted a unanimous report on June 28, 2011, but management is yet to implement it.\"Nothing has been done by the Railway Board for the past one year, despite assurance from the rail minister. We have no option but to go for a massive mobilization to achieve our long-pending genuine demands,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447993", "title": "Second list may not open doors to top colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have pinned your hopes on the second cutoff list, be prepared to settle for a less fancied college. By Wednesday evening, Shri Ram College of Commerce had filled up all its BCom(H) seats and had only nine BA(H) economics seats remaining. General category admissions will close on Thursday. \"A second list for general category is unlikely at SRCC although we may bring down the cutoff for OBC category in the next list,\" said principal PC Jain.Admissions to BCom(H) will close with the second cutoff list on Friday at SGTB Khalsa, Gargi, Moti Lal Nehru, Ram Lal Anand and Dayal Singh colleges, among others. However, sought-after colleges like Hindu, Kirori Mal and Sri Venkateswara, which didn't get many applicants to BCom(H) due to high cutoffs, will make themselves available to admission seekers. Hindu College had 29 seats left in BCom(H) on Wednesday, while KMC is yet to admit any student in the course. Sri Venkateswara managed to admit just 13 students.SGTB is likely to keep admission open for honours courses in mathematics, physics and chemistry. \"Last year, we had a bad experience admitting students beyond capacity, expecting some to withdraw. Although we are keeping the science courses open, the drop will be marginal,\" said SGTB Khalsa principal Jaswinder Singh.Aspirants will have to plan their strategy as many courses across colleges are likely to be closed for admission with the second cutoff list. Gargi College is likely to close admissions to BCom(H), science and applied science courses, while SGTB Khalsa College will also close admissions to BA(H) in economics. Hindu College may close admissions to BSc(H) in zoology, botany, sociology, and KMC to BA programme and geography(H). Miranda House, which has filled 65% of its general seats, is likely to close admissions for geography(H) and sociology(H).Colleges like Kamla Nehru, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Ram Lal Anand and Kirori Mal are likely to keep admissions open for most of the courses on offer.Miranda House may keep admissions open to English, economics, philosophy, history and BA programme, while Sri Venkateswara may bring down the cutoff by a percentage point for science courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14456096", "title": "Sarabjit and Prof. Bhullar cases should be treated equally, memo to PM", "text": "JALANDHAR: As India has renewed its appeal to Pakistan for releasing Sarabjit Singh and there is also a media frenzy on the issue, a prominent human rights organization has written to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh urging to abandon the \"double standard\" practiced by his government on the issue of death penalty and to have similar parameters in case of Prof Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, who is on death row in India.US based rights organization Sikhs For Justice (SFJ) in a memorandum to PM has also sought to draw an analogy between Sarabjit and Bhullar's cases by pointing out that Bhullar was convicted only on the basis of his confessional statement based on a confessional statement obtained through torture in police custody and there was no independent corroborating evidence to convict him. \"Moreover his death sentence was upheld by Supreme Court only through a split judgement,\" the memorandum to PM reads.The memo by SFJ, which is also pursuing a case of 1984 anti Sikh riots against Indian National Congress and union minister Kamal Nath in a US federal court, has held that there is stark contradiction in the approach of the government of India on the issue of death sentence.\" On behalf of your government, S.M Krishna, External Affairs Minister is leading a campaign to secure the release of Sarabjit Singh who is on \"death row\" in Pakistan. Sarabjit Singh was involved in bomb blasts in Lahore and Faisalabad in which several innocent civilians were killed in 1990 and has been sentenced to death by the courts of Pakistan,\" the memo reads.\"At the same time, in the case of Prof. Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar who is on \"death row\" in India, P. Chidambaram, Union Home Minister of India has recommended for denial of commutation of death penalty.His conviction endorses extracting of confession through torture and his continuous detention for the 17 years in India violates the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and shocks human dignity, the memorandum to PM said.SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun has said that Indian government must abandon the double standards on the issue of \"death penalty\" and treat the cases of Sarabjit Singh and Prof. Bhullar uniformly and follow the UN General Assembly Resolution 62/149 of 2008 which calls upon all states that maintain the death penalty to completely abolish it. Government should. \"If the government is honest about securing the release of Sarabjit Singh then before asking for his release from Pakistan, it must first set an example by commuting the death sentence of Professor Bhullar\", Pannun added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "14441532", "title": "4 killed in Ayodhya as jeep rams into truck", "text": "FAIZABAD: Four persons were killed and seven injured after a jeep carrying a marriage party rammed into a stationary truck in Ayodhya on Wednesday evening.The jeep carrying 12 persons was on the way to Deoria from Sitapur. The accident occurred at police booth number 4 on Gorakhpur national highway. This crash was such strong that the jeep got into pieces after the hit.The dead include a five-year-old girl. Of the seven injured, four were serious. They were later referred to Lucknow for treatment.The police said the jeep driver was overspeeding and lost control over the vehicle which led to the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449188", "title": "No tertiary water supply for gardening", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has not even provided tertiary water supply to all 5,527 kanal and above households in the city, what to talk of extending the facility to smaller houses in the south. The pipeline can supply water to 3,269 houses but only around 500 have opted for it. Reason -- residents fear that their pets may drink that water and come to harm while their lawns are being watered.The sewerage treatment plant from where water was to be supplied for this purpose was started in Diggian village, Punjab in 2008, with funds given by the Centre. The plant came into operation in 2010 and under the project sewerage water is being converted into tertiary water and then is being supplied to various households with an area of kanal or more in the city along with the green belts and neighbourhood parks.The supply of 10 MGD water is coming from the plant but there is so much fear in the minds of people that despite providing them with supply lines for tertiary water, the residents are not coming forward to opt for this facility.According to a survey done by the MC, the maximum - 653 -- kanal houses or more than that in area are in Sector 33, whereas availability is limited to only 251 houses. The sectors which have been completely covered under this scheme are sectors 5, 6, 9 and 40 but there are three sectors --- 8, 10 and 11 --- that are totally untouched.A senior official of the MC said that they have given the option to many residents but only a handful of them have opted for it. \"Right now our main aim is to reach 100% houses that are a kanal or more in area and may be after that if we get sufficient water, then we can supply water to small houses,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14459104", "title": "Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer expecting twins", "text": "Anna Paquin, who announced her pregnancy last April, is expecting double joy with hubby Stephen Moyer , this fall.According to Us Weekly, the twins will be the 29-year-old actress' first children and the third and fourth for Moyer, who already has a son and daughter from a previous marriage 10-year-old Lilac and 12-year-old Billy.\"I'm so excited for them. We sent them a special gift. It's so interesting that 'True Blood' has become, like, the \"twins\" show\" LA times quoted costar Sam Trammell as telling Us Magazine.Trammell, who plays Sam Merlotte on the 'True Blood', had his twin boys, Winston and Gus, with girlfriend Missy Yager last August.\"It's harder, having twins, but it's all we know. So we're trying to impart some decent wisdom,\" Trammell said.\"I told them to hold on tight!\" he added.The Oscar winner and Moyer had met on the set of the HBO series and got married in Malibu in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448199", "title": "Mahi case: Landlord moves court for anticipatory bail", "text": "GURGAON: The landlord of the property where Mahi's family lives has applied for an anticipatory bail on Wednesday, said police sources.Four-year-old Mahi died after she fell into a 68-foot-deep borewell, illegally dug on Rohtash Tawal's land in Kasan village , Mewat.Police had earlier lodged an FIR against Rohtash under Sections 304 A, 188 and 336 of IPC. Police sources have confirmed that Rohtash moved a bail application in a city court and that the hearing will be on Thursday. Ravindra Tomar, ACP (Pataudi), however, refused to comment on the issue.Meanwhile on Wednesday, two people were arrested by Manesar police for illegally digging a borewell in the region . \"The two detained have been identified as Himmat Yadav , a resident of Pali village and Satbeer Singh, a resident of Bawana Gurjar village of Rewari district.We will produce them before a city court on Thursday,\" said Omprakash, SHO, Manesar . The duo run a firm, S K Borewell in Kund village, Rewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14438244", "title": "Corporator threatens to consume poison", "text": "BANGALORE: \"If my request gets no attention in the council I would consume poison in the next council meeting in front of the commissioner, mayor and other 197 corporators,\" Subhash Nagar corporator T Mallesh said on Wednesday in an emotional outburst in the BBMP council.Referring to the pending compensation to be given to 185 urban poor SC/ST families in his ward, the corporator said that the files pertaining to their compensation were taken away by CID sleuths, along with the files related to alleged fake bill scam in Gandhi Nagar, Malleswaram, Rajarajeshwari Nagar Sub divisions.\"Those families are homeless and they were to be given houses under 22.5 percent welfare scheme announced by the state government. CID has taken away files unrelated to the scam and the sufferers are the poor urban homeless in my ward. My appeal must be considered and the commissioner of BBMP must intervene in the matter and resolve the issue,\"Mallesh said.Responding to his talk, BBMP Commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said termed it as a 'human interest issue' which he was aware of. \"\"I wrote to the CID on this regard to get back files pertaining to the same in all three sub divisions. But the CID has refused as the investigation is going on. Considering the gravity of the issue, we will take indemnity bond from all those185 households. Instructions will be given to compensate them immediately,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438932", "title": "RTE: Hyderabad Public School gets it right", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Public School, one of the most prestigious schools in the state, changed its admission process right after the Right to Education (RTE) Act came into existence in 2009. Since the past two years the school has been following the lottery system over the entrance examination model and has been reserving seats for students from underprivileged backgrounds, in complete compliance with the act. Proud of this achievement, school officials say that the fear of school managements that their standard of education would drop with the implementation of the act are unfounded.In HPS, every year nearly 10,000 students compete for 250 seats. With the lottery system kicking in every one has an equal opportunity to get a seat, officials said. With no \"influences\" and no \"recommendations\" coming into picture for the aam admi, HPS admission has become more student friendly, all thanks to RTE. The school was able to implement the directives of the RTE as its board comprises top officials of the school education department. \"We decided to implement the RTE act in HPS to make it a model for other schools to follow,\" said D Sambashiva Rao, the then principal secretary of secondary education department.\"All the branches of HPS have implemented the act and the response has been good. We admitted students under the act in the presence of officials of the district education department to make the process transparent,\" said U Srinivas Murthy, in-charge principal, HPS Kadapa. Shattering the myth that students from underprivileged backgrounds might not do well when admitted into English medium schools, students in HPS institutions across the state are doing well in class, officials said.The implementation of the act did not face any resistance from parents as reservations for students from weak sections is not a new thing as far as HPS is concerned. The school has been reserving its seats for students from SC and ST communities since its inception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447704", "title": "CBI finally questions Johri", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) achieved a significant breakthrough in the investigations into the fake encounter of Tulsiram Prajapati by recording the statement of senior police officer Geetha Johri.Johri is understood to have given vital leads to the probe agency into the murder of the fellow gangster of Sohrabuddin Sheikh. The senior cop, who was on leave till July 1, had failed to turn up even after CBI had issued two summons to her.While Johri did not respond to earlier summons, a CBI team finally tracked her down to her residence near Jodhpur in Ahmedabad on Wednesday, where a CBI deputy superintendent managed to record her statement, considered vital to the outcome of the case. The CBI sleuths escorted Johri to an undisclosed location to grill her. Johri is understood to have passed on the blame on her seniors for leading the probe astray.However, Johri parried certain crucial questions. The CBI's investigating officer Sandeep Tamghade will again question her. Tamgadhe, who is probing the Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati encounters, was in New Delhi on Wednesday to get the chargesheet for the Tulsiram case approved from legal experts of CBI.The probe agency is also scheduled to submit a progress report to the Supreme Court on June 30, the day when the probe agency's time for investigating the Tulsiram case concludes.On January 12, 2010, the Supreme Court had slammed Johri's investigation in the Sohrabuddin case and transferred the probe to the CBI. Johri had been questioned earlier by the CBI in the Sohrabuddin encounter case where she had given a guarded statement on the matter.This time, she again reiterated that the compact disc containing phone records of police officials alleged to be involved in the case, which was handed over by the investigating officer Rajnish Rai to the then additional director general of CID-Crime O P Mathur, was missing when the case papers and documents were handed over to her in May 2007.Sohrabuddin was killed in an encounter in November 2005 and Tulsiram in December 2006 in police operations closely linked to each other. Johri had two stints investigating the Sohrabuddin case - the second under the supervision of Mathur clearly suspect in the eyes of the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14433447", "title": "Agatha Sangma is reportedly campaigning for her father in presidential poll", "text": "TIMES VIEWShe's not bound by party whipAgatha Sangma, MP from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Union minister of state for rural development, has done no wrong by campaigning for her father P A Sangma . The reason is the special status conferred on the presidential poll in the Indian Constitution, which places it above party politics. Not only does the Constitution permit members of the electoral college, who elect the president, to ignore their political loyalties and freely vote according to their conscience, it makes it specifically clear that political parties are not to be allowed to influence the choice of president.This is borne out by constitutional provisions which say that members of the electoral college cannot be bound by party whips in making their choices in the presidential poll. In fact, no political party can invoke the anti-defection law if any MP or state legislator votes against the official party candidate. This clearly shows that the presidential election is not just another clash at the ballot box but a more substantial constitutional exercise, which empowers the electoral college to look beyond narrow political divides when electing the first citizen of the country.So Agatha, who is canvassing for her candidate of choice, is only exercising the special privileges that the Indian Constitution confers on all voters in the presidential poll. A political party which has no legal right to force Agatha to vote for the presidential candidate of its choice also does not have the moral right to stop her from campaigning for any candidate or to throw her out of the council of ministers. So, it is best that all political parties respect the special status of the presidential poll and protect the extraordinary privileges conferred by the Constitution on all members of the electoral college.COUNTERVIEWIt's a conflict of interestRudroneel GhoshIt is understandable that Agatha Sangma is caught in an ugly middle position. Her father P A Sangma's move to contest the upcoming presidential poll against UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee was bound to test her loyalty. Yet, there is no escaping the fact that Agatha is a minister in the government and her own party, the NCP, is a steady UPA partner. In such a scenario, for Agatha to surreptitiously campaign for her father constitutes a clear violation of her own party's directive as well as an infringement of coalition dharma.Right from the beginning, the NCP had made it clear that it was going to support a UPA nominee for the presidential elections. That it vehemently opposed P A Sangma's candidacy despite the latter being a senior member of the NCP exemplifies this point. The NCP even threatened to expel the former Lok Sabha Speaker from the party before he resigned out of his own volition. Against this backdrop, Agatha can hardly claim to be unaware about the implications of her actions. Some might argue that the presidential election goes beyond politics and that technically party whips cannot be issued on members of the elec-toral college. However, having become eligible for the electoral college on the basis of party tickets, not following the official party position is tantamount to political opportunism and represents a conflict of interest.Besides, Agatha's actions are bound to set a bad precedent and hamper party and coalition discipline. As it is, the UPA is beset with problems related to recalcitrant allies and even the Congress's own ministers, many of whom appear to follow their personal whims and agendas. It can ill afford further challenges to its authority from within its own fold. The NCP and the UPA would be well within their rights to tell Agatha to stop campaigning for her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440197", "title": "Labourers fall into water tank", "text": "KOLKATA: Two youths were critically injured when they fell into a well while working at a construction site in Bansdroni on Wednesday. A few days ago, a worker had suffocated to death after falling into such a well in Howrah's Liluah.Witnesses say that one of the men slippedinto an uncovered, 20-foot-deep water reservoir, and a co-worker jumped in to save him. But both of them got injured and fell unconscious because of poisonous gases. Locals rescued them and took them to hospital, where one of the victims regained consciousness in the evening. The other, a 25-year-old, is in ICU.An alarm was raised by the neighbours who gathered at the spot but watched helplessly. Members of a local club informed police about the incident. However, before police officials from Bansdroni police station reached at the spot (near Rifle club ground), locals rescued the duo and sent them to Bangur hospital. While one of the labourers regained consciousness later in the evening, a 25 youth was admitted in the ICU as his condition deteriorated after admission to Bangur hospital.As rumour spread that a youth had fallen into a manhole, mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC drainage department visited the spot along with Amit Roy, the chief of the department in the afternoon and then went to the hospital to supervise the treatment of the labourers. \"It is unfortunate that one of the labourers has fallen seriously ill. We have asked to take required medical attention for him,\" said a KMC official.Santosh Mukherjee, a local resident who was an witness to the incident complained that had the owner of the underconstruction building taken precautionary measures, the incident could have been averted. \"These young labourers were engaged in the construction of the house adjacent to the well dug which was completely open and unprotected. Had there been a lid to cover up the well dug for construction of the water reservoir, the labourers would have been saved,\" Mukherjee said.The KMC water supply department officials will visit the spot and ask the owner to take adequate safety measures before construction begins afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14437890", "title": "Businessman hacked to death by rivals", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 40-year-old businessman was hacked to death allegedly by his rivals at Gudimalkapur on Wednesday.The victim, Vidyanand, of Khulsumpura, was into wholesale vegetable business and private financing. He was accused in the murder of Balayya, of Khulsumpura, in 1999 and was convicted by the local court.The case is currently in the AP High Court and Vidyanand is out on bail.\"On Wednesday, Balayya's son Kiran along with three of his associates, confronted Vidyanand near Gudimalkapur market and attacked him with swords. With multiple stab wounds on his back and legs, Vidyanand died on the spot, \" Tappachabutra inspector S Murali Krishna said. Based on the complaint lodged by the family members of Vidyanand, police booked a murder case and launched a man hunt to nab the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14439444", "title": "Tribal woman alleges gang rape in Dang", "text": "SURAT: A 24-year-old married tribal woman was allegedly gang-raped by four labourers near Saputara in Dang district.The victim was admitted with injuries in Ahwa Civil Hospital. However, investigation so far revealed that the victim and her husband have given conflicting statements to the police.In her complaint, the woman told police that she was with her husband at their house on a remote hill in Sanuniya village near Saputara on Monday evening when four labourers came there and requested for food. The couple refused as they had nothing to eat in the house. The labourers offered money to the husband, who went to buy food items from a nearby grocery shop.Soon after the husband left, the labourers raped the lonely woman by gagging her mouth with a piece of cloth. All four escaped from the house after raping her. When the husband returned home, he found his wife injured and rushed her to Ahwa Civil Hospital. After admitting his wife, the husband lodged a complaint in Saputara police station.During investigation, the husband informed the police that labourers came in a tempo MH-15-AG- 274. The labourers told the couple that their tempo developed some technical problem due to which they had to stop near the village and the driver had gone to get the gear box repaired.\"When police questioned the villagers, they informed that the victim's husband was among the villagers who helped the tempo driver to remove and send the gearbox for repair. The labourers and the driver had left the village in a jeep to get the gearbox repaired. Looking the conflicting versions, we trying to ascertain who actually raped the woman,\" deputy superintendent of police, Ahwa, R M Desai said.\"The husband claimed that four people raped the victim, while the woman claims two people raped her. The husband claimed that he had gone to a grocery shop to buy the food items, but when questioned the shop owner, he stated that the husband did not come on the Monday evening to buy anything,\" Desai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447662", "title": "Two injured in crossfire at busy Shahdara market", "text": "NEW DELHI: An alert woman foiled an attempt to snatch her companion's chain in a crowded Shahdara street on Wednesday afternoon. However, two people were injured in the indiscriminate firing following the incident. Witnesses said six or seven shots were fired.The incident was reported from Babarpur street in Rohtash Nagar. Witnesses said the woman was alighting from the rickshaw when two men on a bike tried to snatch her chain. \"The woman accompanying her saw the man and tugged at his hand, due to which he fell off the bike. The women raised an alarm, and people began to gather around the snatcher,\" said Karan, a witness.Scared, the snatcher shot at the gathering crowd. \"The first shot missed the woman but he immediately fired another. At this, a guard posted at the office of a private finance company opened fire in the air, but pellets from his gun hit a cyclist who was passing by and also a rickshaw puller at the spot. A policeman said the guard fired four rounds. Amid the chaos, the robbers fled.The injured have been identified as Mohit (25) and Ali Hasan (45). They are recuperating at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital. The woman, Mamta Rani, was also hurt as she fell on the road, while Shashikant, a resident of Shahdara, had a narrow escape as bullets hit his car. Hospital sources said the two men admitted with gunshot injuries had undergone surgery but were out of danger. Mamta Rani, too, was discharged after first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449204", "title": "Education officer\u2019s bail plea denied in rape case", "text": "GURGAON: A city court has dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of a Class I officer of the Haryana education department, who has been accused of raping a JBT teacher for five years. The accused is now planning to move an application at the Punjab and Haryana high court.The city police had lodged an FIR against Satbeer Singh Sehrawat, a Class I officer of the state's education department, who allegedly raped a divorcee for five years. The victim was working as a guest teacher and is now serving as a JBT teacher in a government school of Faridabad district. The teacher has also accused the officer of beating her up, keeping her hostage in a room, assaulting and stealing her valuable documents. The accused also allegedly threatened to kill her on April 28.An inquiry was conducted by the Gurgaon police later but they allegedly did not take any action against him, the complainant said. She then filed a petition in a city court. On the direction of the court, the city police lodged an FIR against Sehrawat, a resident of Shanti Nagar in Gurgaon under Sections 376/ 376b/ 506/ 323/ 379/ 452/ 341/354/406 of the IPC. In this matter, the accused filed an anticipatory bail a couple of days ago. The court of district vocational additional session judge Vikram Aggawal rejected the bail plea of the accused on Wednesday. \"I'll approach the Punjab and Haryana high court now\", said Sehrawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14446422", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya at Rameswaram to merge with Mandapam unit, parents in dire straits", "text": "MADURAI: Parents of nearly 350 students studying at the Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) school in Rameswaram had some tense moments on Monday as the school received and order from the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) on merging the school with the one at Mandapam. Due to the commotion, classes were suspended for all classes on Monday and Tuesday.The order from the KVS came after KV Rameswaram did not have a proper building from the time it was started in 2003. The school was operating in a rented building at Roja Mahal in Bazaar Street.The school, which started with just 12 students in 2003, has grown to over 350 students studying in classes one to 10. It has also maintained a good track record of securing centums ever since the first batch of class 10 students appeared for the examinations in 2010.Former Parents Teachers Association secretary of the school, Tamil Selvan, said they were informed about the order on merger on June 18 and they approached the court and secured an interim stay. \"The school was started during the BJP regime in the Centre and during that period KVS bought some land in Rameswaram and we believed that it will have a proper building. However, after the regime change, the government ordered the KV school to be constructed in a land provided by the government. Ever since, we are asking the local administration to provide a land but it is not materialising,\" he mentioned.If the merger has to be executed, all the school children should travel about 20-km to reach Mandapam and it will be very tedious for the students and parents, he said. \"It will be an ordeal for the students especially the ones in junior classes. It has become a routine in the last few years about the school being merged with KV Mandapam. We have been running after the officials and politicians pleading for a land for the school,\" lamented a parent.The parents have been conducting a series of demonstrations in this regard urging the state government to provide the land. However, officials from the district administration pointed out that the possibility of merger is very unlikely this year, as the parents have already secured an interim stay and the proposal of the land for KV will materialise in a short time.Ramanathapuram district collector, K Nandakumar said that KV Rameswaram is at present run in a private premises and the government land has to be transferred to KV for the construction of the building. \"We have recommended a land to KV and the paper is with the government. The land has been finalised and the proposal is under fast track, hence we will get the approval in a short time,\" he said.The building owner had some issues with KV and he refused to continue the lease, so the KVS had to consider merging the school on a temporary basis. The parents have met the building owner and convinced him and he had agreed to renew the lease. Hence, there will not be a problem in continuing the school in present premises, the collector stated.School sources said that the school was reopened on Monday but the classes were suspended for two days due to the confusion. The school will function as per the court order and the classes will commence as usual from Wednesday onwards, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447658", "title": "Cops find lost resolve", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police seem to have finally woken up to their responsibility to track missing children. Top cops of the state on Wednesday announced the formation of a coordination committee that shall focus on scrutinizing missing children's complaints of various districts in Gujarat and then on initiating a probe into each case.The Gujarat CID (Crime) authorities have also launched a website to coordinate with police headquarters in all districts of Gujarat along with neighbouring states. \"The moment a report about any missing child is lodged in any police station of Gujarat, the details along with a photo of the child will be uploaded on the website,\" said a state police official.The in-charge director general of police, Chittaranjan Singh, while speaking to media persons on Wednesday said: \"We are taking the issue of missing children very seriously. Till date, our incessant efforts have paid off and we have been able to bring back 2,400 children back to their homes.\" He said that according to the National Crime Record Bureau data, Gujarat was on the seventh spot nationally in the missing-children standings. \"I have directed all police stations of Gujarat to ensure that officers of the rank of police sub-inspector investigate these cases,\" he said.Singh added: \"Many of the children who have gone missing are aged 18 years and above. The percentage of minor children going missing is quite low in Gujarat.\" He said in cases like Vishwa Patel of Vejalpur police have always attended to any tip-off. \"We have also sent Vishwa's parents to other states by flight to cross-check tip-offs,\" he said. \"It is pure bad luck that we have not been able to trace the missing girl.\"On Wednesday, the Ahmedabad police commissioner, S K Saikia, met parents of some missing children. Saikia urged the parents to help police probe each of the cases. Saikia asked parents to share details of their missing children along with the circumstances in which they disappeared. The city cops are hoping to find some clues that would help them track the kids.The meeting on Wednesday seemed to be aimed at pacifying missing children's parents who had earlier expressed displeasure over police's lack of understanding and compassion. The parents had accused the cops of soft-pedaling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448268", "title": "Jet passengers hit by loaders\u2019 strike", "text": "INDORE: An indefinite strike by loaders working with a company handling Jet Airways passengers affected loading services at the Devi Ahilyabai Holkar airport, Indore here on Wednesday. The loaders went on strike from Tuesday to press for their demands including status of their PF accounts.The strike led to a chaotic scene at the airport as the confused passengers had to carry their own luggage. It specially caused inconvenience to the elderly and disabled passengers. It is learnt the 70 loaders have gone on strike demanding better pay and their PF status. The employees had in a notice to the management send four days back warned of the strike if their demands were not met with. A representative of the employees told TOI that they went on strike after the management failed to respond to their repeated requests.Reportedly, hundreds of passengers from three Jet Airways planes faced a lot of troubles in loading and unloading their luggage from the runway to the terminal. Some passengers were seen carrying their own luggage.Officials said that the airlines managed some alternates but it failed to give relief to the passengers.A spokesperson of the Jet Airways talking to TOI said, \"The workmen employed with contractor M/s Ex Armymen Protection Services Pvt Limited proforming loading and unloading activities at the Indore airport have walked out of work due to differences with their employer. Jet Airways has however ensured that all its flights today are maintaining normal schedule.\"He said that the airlines has also made provisions to deploy additional resources to ensure that all flight schedules are maintained during this period. Jet Airways sincerely regrets any inconvenience caused to its guests, said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439220", "title": "'Bhang' is intoxicant, its possession is prohibited: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Next time you consume 'bhang' in any form, especially during Holi, it could land you behind bars.The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court has ruled that ''bhang'' is an intoxicant and its possession is prohibited as per the Bombay Prohibition (BP) Act, 1949. \"It cannot be disputed that if the material contains 'bhang', then in view of the definition of 'intoxicant' and 'intoxicating drug' given in Section 2 (22) and (23) of the BP Act, 'bhang' is an intoxicant,\" a single-judge bench comprising justice TV Nalawade has ruled.\"The possession of such substance was prohibited under Section 66(1)(b) of the Act, at the relevant time,\" the court added while rejecting a criminal petition and two applications filed by a Dhule resident who was chargesheeted by the local police under Section 66 (1)(b) of the BP Act. The petitioner had prayed for quashing of criminal proceedings against him pending at Judicial Magistrate First Class ( JMFC) in Dhule.Bicycle shop owner Vijay Gaud was found with tablets containing 'bhang' by the police during various raids. During the first raid on September 10, 1997, 57 pouches of tablets were recovered while in second a year later, 70 were recovered. In a third raid on October 10, 1998, 69 pouches were recovered. In each pouch, there were five tablets containing 'bhang'. All these pouches were seized under the panchnama in presence of witnesses.The petitioner contended that he had purchased these pouches for medicinal purpose from the manufacturer who was holding necessary license for manufacturing such tablets. He produced photocopies of license issued by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Madhya Pradesh to Indore-based Mehta Ayurvedic Sansthan to manufacture those tablets. The copy of license showed that the firm was manufacturing tablets by name Madhur Munakka, containing 15% 'bhang'.The judge ruled observed that as per BP Act, tablets containing 'bhang' can be manufactured or possessed only under license. \"As per Section 139 of the BP Act, the state government has the power to regulate possession and consumption of such substances. It can exempt particular intoxicant from the provision or some of the provisions of the Act. But there is no such case of exemption under the Act. In view of the circumstances, this court holds that it is not possible to use the writ jurisdiction or inherent power in all these cases and the proceedings cannot be quashed,\" Justice Nalawade observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448231", "title": "Protest against rape, murder of 3-year-old child", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of agitated people organised a protest march on MIG police station demanding action against the perpetrators of rape and murder of three-year-old Shivani in Indore on Wednesday.The girl went missing on June 24 and her body was found on June 25. Subsequently the police arrested three accused identified as Jeetu Bagwan, Sunny and Babu Ketan.The agitators were demanding death penalty to the culprits. \"People want the accused to be hanged to death but we are bound by the law,\" said CSP Amrendra Singh. He however said that the police would try its best to make a strong case so that the accused gets maximum punishment for their misdeed.The residents of area along with some of the representatives from Congress party protested in front of the police station where the accused have been lodged. The aggrieved residents demanded that the three accused be handed over to them. Many children also accompanied their parents in the rally to protest against the murder.\"The commotion in front of the police station led to a traffic jam\", said Monika Zokarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448085", "title": "Students vandalize dean\u2019s office", "text": "NEW DELHI: The office of the dean of students' welfare was vandalized by a group of students on Wednesday who were protesting against the confusion over the admission procedure for students from Haryana Board of Secondary Education who do not have their marksheets.Students from the Haryana Board still haven't received their marksheets though their results have been released online. Lack of requisite documents has created much uncertainty over how such students are to be admitted. While the dean of students' welfare said a notice regarding the admissions had been sent to colleges, a number of colleges said they weren't taking admissions of students from the Haryana Board, since they didn't have any clarification from the university regarding the admissions. \"We haven't received clear information from the university about whether we are supposed to admit students and check their marks online or to give them provisional admission. We are doing the best we can,\" said Nirmal Kumar, admissions convener, Sri Venkateswara College.The altercation was sparked off after a group of students was told by officials at Kirori Mal College that they couldn't be admitted. At 1.30pm on Wednesday, the group of around 20 students approached the dean in his office. The students said they had spoken to the principal of KMC and also to officials of the Haryana Board who had confirmed that a CD containing the details of the marks of students had already been sent to the university.The protest turned violent after the dean confirmed that the university had received the CD. However, the dean also said that a notice had been sent to the colleges regarding the admissions. The notice, dated 25 June, 2012, says the results need to be 'invariably' verified by the colleges through the board results 'provided on CD wherever possible' and in cases where the results aren't available, the students should be given 'provisional admission' following which the college should verify the marks from the respective boards. \"According to the guidelines, in such circumstances the college should take the students in provisionally on the basis of online marks and verify the marks later,\" said J M Khurana, dean of students' welfare, DU.Infuriated at the recurrent shifting of blame between the DSW and colleges, the students vandalized the dean's office and broke a number of windows. \"The colleges had sent us to the DSW and the dean asked us to return to the college saying that the notice had already been sent. No one cares for the students,\" said Rohit Sharma , a student, who witnessed the row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14439046", "title": "Plans afoot to have CCTVs for spot choking of sewage pipelines", "text": "HYDERABAD: If the city sewerage board has its way, one can expect a quick response to free blockages and leakages of sewage pipelines and manholes that's been giving sleepless nights to the denizens. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;)board plans to install Closed Circuit TV cameras (CCTVs) inside the sewerage to spot any blockages and leakages on their monitor and attended to it.The sewerage network of the Greater Hyderabad region is spread over 3,500 kms, 70 per cent of it laid during the Nizam era.At present, leakage or overflow of sewerage through pipelines and manholes in the rainy season are being physically tracked by the HMWSSB personnel.\"With the help of the CCTV technology, we will install the equipment inside the sewer lines and check the flow with the help of a monitor. Whenever there is a leakage or sewer block, a beep would alert us and we attend to the problem immediately,\" a senior official said.The officials have already carried out a sample testing on a sewerage line between Punjagutta and Khairatabad area and the results are said to be encouraging.\"We are planning to send a special team to metropolitan cities like Delhi and Mumbai to study the technology in place. A decision will be taken later on how to go about funding for the same,\" said the official. HMWSSB board is hopeful of adapting the CCTV technology to minimize the sewage problems in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447081", "title": "DC-AC work behind rly mishap?", "text": "Mumbai: A series of incidents involving snags in the overhead equipment (OHE) has raised questions over the quality of traction conversion work being undertaken on the Central Railway (CR) network.A probe is under way to find out if the direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) conversion work is not being carried out properly, which, in turn, is leading to snags and accidents. As a precautionary measure, the authorities have decided to suspend DC-AC work on the CR route till an interim report is submitted into Tuesday's accident.Four commuters were injured after being hit by portions of a CST-Karjat local's pantograph and the OHE wire, which came off after getting entangled, near Vangani. The injured were travelling on a local on the adjoining tracks.The Commissioner of Railway Safety (Central circle) is conducting the inquiry into the mishap and also trying to find out if there are any shortcomings in the DC-AC work.A senior CR official said: \"Though clearance is obtained from the CRS before carrying out the conversion, we have decided to suspend the DC-AC work for now. The CRS is likely to submit its interim report next week. Its findings may shed some light on loopholes, if any, in the conversion work.\"Tuesday's accident occurred after the OHE wire \"sagged\", got entangled with three pantographs of the local and came crashing down.Sources said a power-cum-traffic block was undertaken on Monday afternoon to set up a new mast on the AC section near Vangani. The masts used for the DC section and are being replaced. \"The block went beyond the stipulated period by 30 minutes. As the Vangani accident occurred only a few hours later (on Tuesday morning), it's only natural that questions are being raised on the quality of work undertaken during the block. Sloppy work could be responsible for the 'sagging' of the OHE wire,\" said a source.However, the electrical department asserted that the accident should not be linked to the DC-AC work, said sources. It also claimed that the OHE wire was damaged as the insulator was hit by stones hurled by unknown persons.CR has switched over to the AC system from Igatpuri to Kalyan and from Lonavla to Kalyan. As of now, conversion work has to be carried out in the Kalyan-CST suburban sector.Around 2.30pm on Monday, services on CR were disrupted after a tree fell on the OHE wire near Khardi on the Kalyan-Kasara section. On June 23, services on CR's Main line were disrupted during the morning rush hour after an OHE snag near Diva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448203", "title": "Bhopal school heads to face action for laxity", "text": "BHOPAL: The district collector pulled up the principals of the cluster schools and cluster academic coordinators (Janshikshaks) at a review meeting on Wednesday. He said that they were not properly monitoring the low attendance of students, absence of teachers, distribution of textbooks and cheques for uniforms and cycles in their concerned schools.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava expressed displeasure at the poor pass percentage of the students of the School of Excellence, Berasia, with a measly 55 per cent, said an official press release. He also said that students should not have dual enrolments in private as well as government schools and action would be taken against erring teachers.Schools need to complete the process of distribution of textbooks along with cheques for uniforms and cycles. Also it should be ensured that children are admitted to schools, he said.Besides, a report has to be drafted to track the admission of the children in schools. All this has to be done in the next three days, failing which action would be taken by the district administration, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14440430", "title": "Don Bosco wins inter-school fest", "text": "KOLKATA: The Techno India Group's first inter-school debate and quiz competition - Techno Wizard 2012 - saw a rivetting battle of words and of wits among as many as 30 participating schools with Don Bosco Park Circus emerging as undisputed winners in both events.Held at the Kala Mandir on Monday, the inaugural ceremony saw the presence of BITM director Imdadul Islam, director, BITM; Sujata Sen, director of British Council, East India; Goutam Roy Chowdhury, chairman of Techno India Group and Manoshi Roy Chowdhury, director, Techno India Group. \"The idea behind Techno Wizard 2012 was to ignite the young minds and to expose them to a healthy competitive platform,\" said Manoshi.Eight teams qualified for the final round of the debate which included Apeejay School Salt Lake , Hariyana Vidya Mandir, Don Bosco Park Circus, Techno Model School, Lakshmipat Singhania Academy, Gokhale Memorial, National Girls' High School and National Gems Higher Secondary School. The 16 participants enthusiastically debated on the topic \"Economic independence for women has negatively affected family life\", putting forth valid points both for and against the motion.The judges for the debate were veteran actor-director-producer Arindam Sil, eminent neurosurgeon Dr Sandip Chatterjee and well known anchor and TV personality Madhumanti Moitra, while the moderator was S V Raman, former programme director at Goethe-Institute / Max Mueller Bhavan, acted as the moderator.While the debate was on, the prelims of the quiz were being held at Kalakunj. Eight teams which qualified for the finals. were Don Bosco Park Circus, Birla High School (Boys), National Gems Higher Secondary School, South City International School, Aditya Academy, DPS Ruby Park, Lakshmipat Singhania Academy and Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan.The quiz master, Charanpreet Singh, the associate dean of Praxis Business School, Kolkata, deftly took the participating teams through some really intriguing and tricky questions which included audio-visual and theme rounds.The results of both the events were announced at the prize distribution ceremony which had as special guests veteran footballer PK Banerjee and TN Maulik, former director, NITTR.The team from Don Bosco Park Circus comprising Josh Mazumdar and Umang Daga expectedly bagged the first prize in the debate with Gokhale Memorial in second position. While the best speaker of the debate was Josh Mazumdar, the second best speaker was Chandraneev Das of LSA. In quiz, the team from Don Bosco Park Circus was the winner with Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in second place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14454389", "title": "Surjeet Singh released from Lahore jail after 30 years of captivity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani authorities freed prisoner Surjeet Singh on Thursday morning from Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail.Surjeet will return to India via the Wagah border.Surjeet Singh's death sentence was commuted in 1989 by President Ghulam Ishaq Khan on the advice of then prime minister Benazir Bhutto .Surjeet Singh was held on spying charges during Zia-ul Haq's regime.He is the resident of Phidde village in Punjab. People have already started pouring into Surjeet Singh's house to congratulate his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14448626", "title": "Matka king killing: 1 more hostile witness", "text": "Mumbai: A witness in the murder case of matka king Suresh Bhagat was declared hostile by the court after he backtracked on his earlier statement. Witness Rahul Raje Dravid had earlier told the court he had paid Rs 10 lakh to the driver of the truck that rammed into Bhagat's SUV . This is the second witness to turn hostile in the case.The prosecution said this would not affect their case adversely. Chief public prosecutor Kalpana Chavan said, \"Thecase has two approvers and this will not affectthecase at all.\"Shaikh Azimuddin ,the owner of the truck , had turned approver in the case .In 2011, another prime accused Kiran Pujari , who with Bhagat's wife J aya and son Hitesh had allegedly killed him ,hadturned approver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443764", "title": "PMCH junior doctors call off their strike", "text": "PATNA: Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) junior doctors called off their 14-day-long strike late on Wednesday evening after a meeting with the college principal, Dr N P Yadav. They would join duty from Wednesday night itself, said Dr Yadav.He said the strike was called off without the junior doctors setting any preconditions and added the hospital authorities would look into their demands, which include strengthening of security on the hospital premises and allotment of hostels.The junior doctors, during their meeting with the principal told him that allotments in PG hostels are irregular and that some unauthorized people are living there for a long time. The unauthorized occupants of hostels would be evicted soon, the principal said.Dr Yadav said the issue of removal of PMCH superintendent did not crop up during the meeting with the junior doctors, which was their foremost demand for calling off their strike.PMCH junior doctors had gone on strike on June 13 night after an altercation with a patient's attendant who died in the hospital during treatment. It may be recalled here that the state government had on June 25 increased the monthly stipend of junior doctors to Rs 30,000 from Rs 25,000.But, junior doctors of DMCH would continue their strike, according to DMCH Junior Doctors' Association president, Dr Kunal Shankar. He said a delegation of DMCH junior doctors met the governor on Wednesday to apprise him of their demands. The NMCH junior doctors would also continue their strike, according to NMCH Junior Doctors Association president, Dr Rajnish Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14440062", "title": "India to get Mahatma Gandhi's letters to Hermann Kallenbach", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian government and the family of Hermann Kallenbach have struck a deal for papers relating to the German Jew's correspondence with Mahatma Gandhi some 13 days before the historical material was due to go under the hammer in London.The conclusion of tortuous negotiations with Kallenbach's descendents, who bargained hard by demanding $1 million, $3 million and even $5 million for the papers at various stages, will mean the correspondence will soon be handed over to India.The papers were in the news with a book by Pulitzer winning author Joseph Lelyveld suggesting that the Kallenbach-Gandhi relationship could have had homosexual overtones. The controversy added to the interest over Gandhi's letters to the Jewish architect and body builder.It took four years for a deal for the Kallenbach-Gandhi documents to fructify with the approaching auction prompting India to quicken negotiations with auctioneer Sotheby's and the family of the Mahatma's close associate in South Africa.Sources said the decision was taken at the highest level in the UPA to secure the papers after a TOI story detailing how the London-based auction house was going to dispose of the archive.Those familiar with the negotiations, however, said Eli Sarid, son of Kallenbach's grand niece Isa Sarid, had engaged the government in some tough negotiations. Earlier this year, he had broken off talks, apparently upset that the government was dragging its feet. He then reportedly sought $5 million instead of $1 million that was being considered. The figure was then \"reduced\" to $3 million.The final price is believed to be much less than that sought by the Sarids but is substantially higher than the initial $50,000-100,000 an expert committee had estimated after the papers were examined by noted historian Ramchandra Guha and academic Sunil Khilnani.Kallenbach was one of Gandhi's closest friends since 1904 when the two met in Johannesburg and continued to be a compatriot visiting Wardha and Sabarmati ashrams. In South Africa, Kallenbach gifted the piece of land in Phoenix settlement of Durban to Gandhi which became the famous Tolstoy Farm.Sources said the archive, which will now be brought to India and housed in one of the archives in Delhi, contained precious new information such as the aborted attempt by Gandhi to mediate between the Palestinians and the Jews.The Indian team of experts and officials was rushed to London to secure the documents for which the initial negotiations had begun almost four years ago. It included noted historians Mushirul Hasan and Mahesh Rangarajan besides senior government officials from the Union culture ministry.The negotiations took about four days with the team remaining in constant touch with culture minister Kumari Selja to get the nod from home. The minister too moved with lightning speed to get the final approval for the deal from the leadership at short notice and the team was able to seal the agreement in time.The archive contains thousands of letters written over three decades and other memorabilia. The government first came to know of the archive when Guha found the letters at the home of Isa Sarid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14450393", "title": "UK advisory will not be needed in Sept: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Admitting that the travel advisory issued by the British high commission warning its people against travelling to Goa was a cause for concern, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said things will improve by September.Speaking to media, Parrikar said, \"It is a matter of concern. By September, when the tourism season begins, the British high commission will not have to issue such an advisory.\" While the CM said the advisory is based on data pertaining to 2011, the British high commission said the communique is on the basis of reports of bag-snatching along the stretches of Candolim-Calangute \"since the beginning of 2012\". TOI was the first to report on the travel advisory on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14456729", "title": "Bonnie joins Joel-Anupam", "text": "At a time when collaboration is considered the key to good music, here's yet another piece of news. Our homegrown talent, Bonnie Chakraborty, has been roped by Joel Harrison and Anupam Shobhakar for their upcoming tour of India.Jazz artiste Harrison and classical Indian musician Shobhakar, who first featured in a 75-minute composition, \"Still Point-Turning World\", took their camaraderie forward by making music together. And for their latest album, \"L eave The Door Open \", they zeroed in on Bonnie, who has rendered a bhatiali song, \" Kemne akul hoilam ami boisha nodir dhare \". The album, inspired by Miles Davis, also features NYbased jazz musicians, Dan Weiss (drums, tabla), Gary Versace (piano, accordion) and Hans Glawischnig (acoustic and ebass), apart from Chandrashekhar Vaze (vocals).\"I feel fortunate to share the same platform as Anupam and Joel. They want to reach out to a wider cross-section of people. The idea is to add new sounds and more collaborations are on the cards,\" says Bonnie. Joel and Anupam are also in talks with Trilok Gurtu for the India tour, but nothing has been confirmed as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443882", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation fails to comply with HC order", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is yet to develop any vending zone under its jurisdiction though a committee was constituted after the Patna high court order last year asking the PMC to mark such zones in the city.The urban development and housing department entrusted the task to the department for international development (DFID), a UK based agency, to prepare two pilot projects for creation vending zones. But the PMC has provided only one place to the agency so far. \"There are a few complications regarding land with the PMC which provided the agency only one plot at Rajbanshi Nagar for the pilot project. Another area in Kankarbagh is yet to be sanctioned for the vending zone,\" said Shekhar Kumar, a DFID official.\"The Patna high court had asked the PMC to follow the vending zone model of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation. We have earmarked 15 places in the state capital for vending zones,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal.The vending zone committee, under the PMC commissioner, decided on three steps for the proper functioning of the vending zones and the vendors. Shekhar said, \"The PMC and the agency would collect digital survey of the proposed area. This step includes taking images and signature of the residents of the locality stating that they don't have objection to setting up the vending zones. The second step would be to issue identity card to all the existing vendors in the identified vending area. The last stage would be collection of land fee by the vending committee. There would not be any concrete construction at the vending zone. All the shops would have temporary set up.\"Pal said, \"The vending zones would not be constructed at such places where vehicular traffic would be disturbed.\"The 15 vending zones identified are near GPO roundabout, planetarium and Income-Tax roundabout, at Rajbanshi Nagar, near Heart Hospital and Shivaji Park at Kankarbagh, at Shekhpura, Bailey Road, Krishna Nagar, Indira Nagar, Sri Krishnapuri Park, Bahadurpur Housing Colony and near Hindi Sahitya Sammelan Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443340", "title": "No water cuts in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The twin township of Pimpri-Chinchwad may not face water cuts unlike its neighbouring Pune city which is reeling under water crisis. However, in the wake of delayed monsoon, builders in Pimpri-Chinchwad will not be allowed to use drinking water for construction work.Following a meeting of senior officials of the water supply department on Tuesday, the PCMC on Tuesday directed the builders to use treated water from sewage treatment plants. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"People should avoid using potable water for gardening, washing vehicles and other purposes. Delayed rains and falling water levels in dams demand strict conservation measures.\" Pardeshi said that water in the Pavana dam is enough to last for the next two months. Earlier, civic officials had expressed a possibility of water cuts in the township if there is no good rain till July 7. tnnPavana dam is the lifeline of Pimpri-Chinchwad city and its 17.5 lakh residents. The water released from this dam is stored at Ravet bund on the Pavana river. The PCMC lifts around 420 million litres per day (MLD) of water from the bund and treats it for supplying drinking water to the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443766", "title": "Govt expects Rs 2,000cr investment for tourism", "text": "PANAJI: In times of recession, the Goa tourism ministry is hoping to fetch around Rs 2,000 crore investments in the tourism sector during the Goa Investment Forum 2012, which is scheduled on June 30. The tourism industry is eyeing projects like an amusement park and marinas.Speaking to TOI, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said, \"We are hoping to attract investments of over 2,000 crore in the tourism sector, as investors are very interested in pumping money into Goa's lucrative tourism industry.\" More than 100 representatives of industries including those from abroad are expected to attend the Goa investment forum.Parulekar said that investors are keen on setting up an amusement park, aquarium, entertainment park and similar projects in the state. Five countries including representatives from India will present individual feasibility reports on infrastructural development.Swapnil Naik, director tourism, said that several investors are coming to Goa and expecting the state government to provide land for their tourism projects right now. \"That is not possible. Instead, we will provide them assistance in the form of approvals and permissions for their projects,\" said Naik.Players in the tourism sector are interested in the promotion of Goa as a \"wholesome family destination\", said Goa chamber of commerce and industry (Gpresident Manguirish Pai Raikar.Raikar said that investors from the entertainment industry have also shown interest in setting up supporting facilities required by the film industry.\"GCCI is expecting around 3,000 to 4,000 crore investment in various sectors in Goa during the meet. The main objective of getting the investment is to generate jobs for the local youth,\" Raikar said.Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) spokesperson Ralph de Souza said that Goa needs investments in creating add-on facilities such as a convention centre and marina.\"We will focus now on creating infrastructure that will attract high-end tourists to the state. Our immediate requirement is a convention centre and marina. Once we create these facilities, we will be able to draw the desired target group,\" said de Souza.He further said, \"We require an entertainment hub, which can offer engaging activities to tourists along with a handicraft market and food court where tourists can spend the evening with their family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14450473", "title": "Corporation\u2019s auction of 55 bulls put on hold after councillors petition", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation has postponed the auction of 55 bulls owned by the civic body after intervention by some of the councillors.The councillors had petitioned the mayor and corporation Commissioner on Wednesday pointing out that the bulls that were in service of the corporation would fall into the hands of some of the agents who arrange for the purchase and slaughter of cattle for meat.The bulls were being used to draw corporation-owned carts for collecting garbage and waste in the past.\"The civic body has called off the auction after we submitted a petition seeking the corporation to either continue the maintaining of the bulls at the cattle shed on Brooke Bond Road or hand them over to some social organisations willing to take care of those animals,\" said P Rajkumar, chairman, north zone, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The councillors at the north zone meeting held on Wednesday had decided to oppose the move to auction the bulls.The civic body had decided to sell the animals as part of modernising the garbage collection activities by replacing the animals with goods-carrier auto rickshaws.\"The corporation has not taken any decision regarding the animals but the auction has been put on hold as of now,\" Rajkumar added.The corporation had decided to pull off the bullock carts from the garbage collection duty citing that vehicles will be more effective as more loads could be carried when compared to the bullock carts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439795", "title": "Girl stops 'hubby' from marrying a second time", "text": "KOLKATA: After being given the cold shoulder by officers of three police stations, a 25-year-old girl finally found a saviour in the joint commissioner (crime), who helped her stop her \"husband\" from marrying a second time.The drama at a posh private wedding hall in east Kolkata on Wednesday evening resembled a Bollywood flick, complete with tears, fisticuffs and a last-minute show-up by the cops.Kolkata Police officers intervened just when Rajesh Giri, the accused groom, was about to take the sacred rounds of the fire and exchange garlands with the bride, a resident of Picnic Garden. Both Rajesh and his father Krishna were detained.Puja Kaur, a resident of Vivekananda Road in north Kolkata, says she had an affair with Rajesh of Cossipore and they married on April 25, 2010. The lovers opted for a registry marriage because the youth's family was not ready to accept Puja as their daughter-in-law. marriage and later informed their family as Rajesh's parents reportedly were not prepared to accept Puja as their daughter in law.After the registration, Puja went to Rajesh's ancestral home in Nainital and spent three months there, she says. On coming back to Kolkata, Rajesh reportedly asked Puja to stay with her parents but she told him that his parents already knew about their marriage. the news of their marriage they had relations what was not hidden to Giri's parents.A few days back, Puja came to know from a common friend that Rajesh was getting married again. Initially, she did not believe it, but after her friend showed the invitation card, Puja was taken aback. \"She was depressed and tried to commit suicide,\" said Kabita Gupta, a social activist, who was approached by Puja's friends on Tuesday night. Kabita agreed to help and took Puja to Rajesh's Cossipore residence immediately.\"He had given the wrong address in the marriage registration but we managed to trace the house. When we reached on Tuesday night the tilak ceremony for his second marriage was already over,\" said Kabita. She and Puja met Rajesh's father, who reportedly admitted that he was aware of his son's first marriage but refused to take any action. Rajesh's family allegedly drove them out of the house.Kabita then took Puja to Chitpore police station but the cops allegedly did not pay much attention and told them to submit a written complaint. \"They received the complaint and advised us to submit it to Girish Park and Amherst Street police stations as well,\" said Kabita.They spent all of Tuesday night at these police stations trying to convince the officers about Rajesh's second marriage. But the police didn't pay heed, said Kabita.On Wednesday morning, Kabita took Puja to Lalbazar and met officers of the Women's Grievance Cell. They were told to meet Pallav Kanti Ghosh, the joint CP (crime), who was busy in a meeting then. After waiting the entire morning, they managed to meet Ghosh in the evening. Ghosh immediately ordered the deputy commissioner (north) to initiate a case against Giri under Section 498A.By then, the wedding ceremony had already started. Puja rushed to Chitpore police station and after registering the complaint, the policemen took her to the wedding hall where Rajesh was preparing to exchange garlands with the bride. An entire night she moved from pillar to post knocked the doors of three police stations but cops did not react. Finally the 25-year-old woman landed at city police headquarters Lalbazar on Wednesday morning to lodge complain that her husband has fixed up marriage with another girl. After day long wait she could not succeed to meet any senior officer who can deal with her problem. Finally hours before her husband's marriage she managed to meet Pallav Kanti Ghosh, who instructed cops to act on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448041", "title": "Cosmetics contaminants on rise: FDA", "text": "BHOPAL: The fast growing cosmetic and personal care segment in the state capital needs an urgent make-up. If the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) reports are to be believed one third of the samples of the favourite creams and lotions subjected to lab tests have failed the tests.The list includes lotions, creams, powders, soaps, lipsticks, shampoo and they have been rated as harmful for consumers with a potential to cause skin infections and other allergies.FDA regularly monitors cosmetics being sold in the market to watch for potential safety problems, including potential contaminants. However, the percentage of cosmetic products failing to meet standards has doubled over the last year. Last year only about 10% of cosmetics tested were found to be harmful, said FDA reports.FDA inspectors said that that there is a big demand for cosmetic products in the city and sensing an opportunity to make fast buck unscrupulous elements were pushing adulterated products in the market.\"Laboratory tests reveal samples contain harmful contaminants, which can lead to various ailments including fading of skin, hair loss, spots on skin and even long-term chronic skin disorders like eczema,\" said FDA analyst J K Rajvaidya. The samples have tested positive for various toxins including lead, harmful colour additives and other microbiological contaminants.Recently, an inter-state transport bus was intercepted by FDA on a tip off and what began as a search for adulterated food products landed the inspectors to seize boxes of cosmetic products. According to FDA initial investigations reveal that the products were fake and labeled like the prominent brands. The limit set by the bureau of Indian standards (BIS) is 20ppm maximum for lipsticks but some of the samples are well over the permitted limits, according to FDA official.The norms state that cosmetics must be safe for consumers when used as intended. If a cosmetic is harmful to consumers, it doesn't matter whether the safety problem is caused by ingredients or contaminants. Companies and individuals who market cosmetics have a legal responsibility for the safety of their products, said an FDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14449304", "title": "Cyber City realty rates set to soar; Metro on track", "text": "GURGAON: With less than 20% of the civil work remaining, the officials of Rapid Metro are upbeat about meeting the deadline of March 2013. About 20% of the track work has already been accomplished and the remaining will be done within a few months, said Rapid Metro officials.The arrival of Rapid Metro is set to jack up realty rates around Cyber City, said experts. Satish Kumar of Ambajee Estate said: \"There was a hike of about 10% when the project started two years ago, and a square feet that costed around Rs 9,000 had shot up to Rs 10,500. With the completion of the project, the area is going to see at least another 15% hike in the property rates.Meanwhile, Rapid Metro officials said that they are hopeful of finishing the remaining work before the arrival of monsoon. \"In any project, the civil construction work takes maximum time, and in our case it is close to completion. We have also started laying the tracks and are hoping to finish the remaining work at the earliest. The coaches will be here soon and then the trial runs would begin,\" said Sarvesh Tiwari, a spokesperson of Rapid Metro.He said that the tracks have been ordered from Austria and are similar to the ones used by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). The DLF phase III station is also complete, he added. The Rapid Metro is the first private Metro service in the country and has a length of 5.1km radius. Once operational, the authorities will undertake the second phase of construction to extend the route towards Sector 55. There are also plans to connect the network with Udyog Vihar, which mainly has industrial units.\"In the first phase, we will connect our network with that of Delhi Metro. We are trying to ensure that the amalgamation is simple and easy so that commuters do not face much hassle. We are trying to introduce a common ticket and the revenue will be shared between DMRC and us,\" Tiwari added.The authorities insist that the Metro system will not just benefit the corporate crowd but the general public as well. ''It is true that in the first phase those working in and around the Cyber City area and those living nearby will benefit. However, in the next phase, we are extending the network to Kendriya Vihar and Sector 55-56 which is a thickly populated residential area. Moreover, since we are connecting our network to the Delhi Metro, it is going to be a public transport,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444373", "title": "Several areas to go without power on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Friday between 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Chepauk : TV Station, Royapettah, Chindaderipet, Triplicane, PWD Complex, Presidency College, Big Street, Sydoji Street &amp; Lane, Ranganathan Street, DV Naidu Street, Khanabagh Street &amp; Lane, Butchibabu Street, TH Road, Aiyapillai Street, Akbar sahib Street, OVM Street, Mosque Street, Lal Md. Street &amp; Lane, Lal Begum Street, Muftiamriullah Street, Canal Road, MAC stadium, Bells Road, CNK Road &amp; Lane, Venakatesan st, Arumugam Street, Miyan Sahib I &amp; II Street, Murugappa Achari Street, Arunachala Achari Street, Subramani Street &amp; Lane, Typoonalikhan Street, Yusuf Labbai Street &amp; Lane, Abdulkareem Street, Lane &amp; Cross Street, Md. Abdullah Street &amp; Lane, Ezhilagam Complex, Madras University Complex, Wallaja Road.SAF Games Village: SAF Games village, All streets Jai Nagar, Pancali amman Koil Street, Jagannathan Nagar, JN Salai, Harihant, Triump, Sams Court Apartments, Amaravathi Nagar, SVP Nagar, PH Road, Valluvar Salai, Vinayagapuram, Thirukmarapuram, Chinamaya Nagar, Sakthi Nagar, Arumbakkam, Thiruveethi Amman Koil Street, Ambethkar Street, Alagiri Nagar.Perumbakkam: Gowrivakkam, Medavakkam, Perungudi, Kovilampakkam, Pallikarani, Arasenkeni, Sithalapakkam, Nanmangalam.Triplicane: Kamarajar Salai, Dr Besant Road, HR Koil Street, Ayothikuppam, Singarachari Street, Sunkuwar Street, V.R.Pillai Street, South Mada Street, TP Koil Street, BV Naidu Street, Car Street, Nalla Thambi Street, Nadukuppam, Gajapathylala Street, Irusappan Street, Rotrary Nagar, Duwaraga Nagar, Gokulam Colony, Ragavanaicker Thottam, Mayandi Colony, RK Salai 9th Street, PV Koiln Street, VSV Koil Street, Rakiyappan Street, Karaneeshwarar Street, GN Chetty Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14445767", "title": "Presidential poll: Naveen Patnaik to accompany P A Sangma for filing nomination", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In an apparent bid for a bigger role in national politics, chief minister Naveen Patnaik would accompany presidential aspirant P A Sangma when the latter files his nomination papers on Thursday.\"Sangma is BJD's candidate. We first announced his name for the top post in mid-May and later other political parties supported him,\" Naveen said before leaving for New Delhi.On Tuesday, BJD MLAs and MPs had signed on Sangma's nomination papers at Naveen Niwas here in the presence of the former Lok Sabha Speaker's son Conrad. Naveen, who has been hailing the ex-CM of Mizoram as a \"distinguished tribal leader\", said on Wednesday that he would be by Sangma's side when he files his nomination papers against UPA's candidate Pranab Mukherjee. \"We should all vote for him,\" he added.While Naveen along with his Tamil Nadu counterpart and AIADMK boss J Jayalalithaa have shared credit for propping up Sangma into the presidential contest, BJD insiders, in the wake of the failed coup attempted by Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra, are apprehensive of cross voting by certain MLAs and MPs.During Conrad's brief trip to the state capital, not all BJD legislators and parliamentarians had converged at Naveen's residence. Conspicuous among those who were not seen included Sarada Nayak, Anjali Behera and Sanjib Sahu, all of whom Naveen dropped from his ministry in the aftermath of the aborted coup. Besides, Pyarimohan and two MLAs Bibhuti Balbantray and Pravat Biswal, who Naveen has suspended from the party, did not show up for obvious reasons, said party insiders.\"Though the coup was foiled, a lot of MLAs are disgruntled. They might not openly voice criticism against Naveen but one cannot rule out the possibility of going against the party decision during the presidential polls where the voters would exercise their franchise through secret ballot,\" observed a senior BJD leader.Discussions within BJD circles indicate that Naveen is apparently aware of the possibilities of foul play by certain MLAs and MPs and is keeping a close vigil of them. \"This also could be a reason why Naveen is delaying expansion of the ministry, which has at least five vacancies, despite governance getting badly affected,\" noted a first-time party lawmaker.Another party leader said the president poll would be first real test for Naveen since the May 29 unsuccessful bid to oust him. \"He understandably is very keen that everything goes fine and all BJD MLAs and MPs vote for Sangma so that his credibility at the national level is not dented and he reaffirms his control over the party,\" the leader opined.Senior BJD leader and health minister Prasanna Acharya said everybody within BJD was supporting Naveen. \"There is no reason to bother about cross-voting. Everybody will go by the party decision,\" said senior party leader and revenue minister S N Patro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14443960", "title": "Colour codes to help rein in illegal hawkers in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: In a novel idea to rein in unauthorized hawkers, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC), at its meeting held on Wednesday, decided to introduce a colour-coded system for handcarts with labels carrying identification details of the authorized hawkers affixed on them.Chairperson Arthur D'Silva suggested the idea which found instant approval from all the councillors. The issue came to the fore as the directorate of food and drugs administration ( FDA ) has written to the MMC pointing out that it was in receipt of complaints against handcarts selling eatables and other items in the streets of Margao in unhygienic conditions and without possessing licenses from the civic body.Councillors, participating in the debate over the issue, also expressed their concern over the failure of the civic authorities to ensure that the handcarts adhere to the sanitary conditions as laid down by the authorities. D'Silva assured them that dustbins would be provided to all the handcarts to facilitate them to maintain cleanliness around their carts. While the MMC has issued licenses to 149 handcarts, several hundreds are doing business in an unauthorized manner.D'Silva said that the colour-coding of the handcarts will help in easy identification of illegal vendors. \"The colour-coding can be done as per ward-wise location of the handcarts. That is, all handcarts located in a particular ward will be painted with one uniform colour,\" he said.Sparks also flew over the issue of granting permission for notifying a parking stand for taxis on the rear side of the Konkan Railway station, Margao, with councillors divided over the matter. It was then decided to have a special meeting to discuss the matter at a later date.Councillor Avinash Shirodkar, pointing out to the rise in traffic congestion in the city, suggested that proper bus stops be notified at several places in the city. \"In the absence of notified bus stops, buses are seen making stops as and where they find passengers, thereby adding to the traffic congestion and inconveniencing the public,\" Shirodkar said, and urged the chairperson to take up the issue with the traffic police and the RTO.He strongly pitched for the setting up of a 'parking plaza' in the city with a view to overcome the problem of insufficient parking space.The demand for acquisition of the Costa ground at Aquem by the government was also passionately debated over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14442739", "title": "Govt to take action against Beed cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department has decided to take action against the Beed police for 'shoddy' investigation in the high profile female foeticide case which involved doctor couple Sudam and Saraswati Munde. The decision to take action against erring officials comes after the additional sessions judge (Ambajogai) slammed the investigating agency for its 'poor' show.\"I have not received the details of the court's observations. But I heard about the local court expressing displeasure with the investigating agency. The department will take action against the officials found responsible for 'shoddy' probe,\" home minister R R Patil said on Thursday.Another senior official from Mantralaya said that the court pulling up police will earn bad name for the home department. Patil's announcement to take action against the erring officials will do some damage control for the department.Patil and public health minister Suresh Shetty are already at loggerheads over the issue. In a recent cabinet meeting, Patil and Shetty even had a verbal spat on the declining child sex ratio in the state. Both ministers blamed each other for the Beed case.Meanwhile, Patil on Thursday announced appointment of Ujjwal Nikam as special prosecutor in the case of illegal abortion racket in Beed district.The Munde couple is accused of carrying out an abortion that led to the death of a pregnant woman - Vijayamala Patekar. The victim, through sonography reports, learned that she is pregnant with a girl child and got admitted for abortion in Beed hospital managed by the Munde couple.The incident occurred on May 21. But, for more than three weeks the Mundes were absconding and the police were not able to trace them. In fact, it was the doctor couple who surrendered before the Parli police.The census reveals that Maharashtra's child sex ratio in 2011 was 833 girls per 1,000 boys as against 913 per 1,000 boys in 2001. Beed district is the worst affected, with a drop of 93 in the last decade - 894 girls in 2001 as against 801 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14448019", "title": "Punjab man robbed of jewellery, cash worth Rs 2 lakh", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash and valuables worth over Rs 2 lakh were allegedly stolen from the room of a Bhatinda-based person at the hotel Jehan Numa palace here on Monday. Vijay Nagpal, who was in Bhopal to attend a marriage, realized about the theft when he landed at Bhatinda. Subsequently, an FIR was lodged on Tuesday.The Shyamla Hills police informed that Nagpal had come to attend the wedding of his relative in the city and was staying at room number 309 of the hotel. He had no clue about the theft till he left Bhopal and reached Bhatinda. It was only when he unpacked his luggage in Bhatinda, he came to know about the theft.Diamond, gold jewellery and some cash worth over Rs 2 lakh were missing from his bag. He then contacted one of his relatives in Bhopal and got registered a police complaint. The complainant Sonal, who is an advocate, filed the theft report on behalf of Nagpal.Sonal said, \"The incident probably occurred when he went out of the room for breakfast on Monday. Since Nagpal had already packed his bag before leaving, he did not check it after coming back to the room. He left for the airport later. Nagpal contacted us when he reached Bhatinda and found that valuables were missing from his luggage,\" she added. A case has been registered and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14438388", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy's uncle denied permission to visit Chanchalguda", "text": "HYDERABAD: Legislative Council member Y S Vivekananda Reddy became the latest VIP to be given the snub at the Chanchalguda Central Prison on Wednesday when he was refused permission to meet his nephew Jaganmohan Reddy.Not one to take a rebuff lying down, the MLC went to the extent of sitting on a dharna outside the jail in order to have his way. But his 10-minute protest failed to move the jail authorities who remained firm on their stand of not allowing the desired meeting.Jail authorities had on Monday refused permission to presidential aspirant PA Sangma when he turned up to meet the Kadapa MP. \"This clearly exposes the government's revengeful nature. If a family member is not allowed to meet Jagan, there is more to it than meets the eye. It is nothing but harassment,\" complained a miffed Vivekananda Reddy.The former MP was allowed to enter the jail only to be informed by the authorities that it would not be possible for him to meet his nephew. Later, a fuming Viveka told the media that there was no reason why unnecessary restrictions should be imposed when Jagan was only an undertrial. \"I went to the jail accompanied by a priest to hold a prayer with Jagan. Our request was not even considered on these grounds,\" Vivekananda Reddy said.It may be mentioned here that in the recent bypolls, Vivekananda Reddy had campaigned for Jagan's YSR Congress after patching up with his nephew just before the bypolls. The former MP had earlier fallen out with Jagan and chose to stay on in the Congress when his nephew quit the party.When contacted, Chanchalguda jail authorities said Vivekananda Reddy was told how the rules did not permit family members to meet an inmate not more than twice a week. Jagan's mother Vijayamma and wife Bharati had met him in the jail on Tuesday, which means they are left with only one more visit for the week.KV Reddy, the superintendent in-charge of the jail, said that Vivekananda Reddy was told that if he was allowed to meet Jagan, the two-visit quota for the family would get exhausted.Sources said Vivekananda Reddy wanted a special permission to meet Jagan, not necessarily in the family quota, but was informed that there was no provision for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444235", "title": "3 neighbours gang-rape 16-year-old in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: A 16-year-old schoolgirl was allegedly gang-raped by her three neighbours in the Karelibaug area of Vadodara on Sunday afternoon. The victim has alleged she was raped in a vacant office of a private finance firm in the area.The three took turns to rape her and then dropped her near an open ground in Bhutadi Zampa area. Police registered an offence on Tuesday night and started a hunt for the accused. The girl has told the cops that one of the accused, Bharat Makwana, lured her into accompanying him and then raped her.\"Makwana stays right next to the victim's house. The other two live in the same locality. On Sunday afternoon, the two went out to buy some ice on his motorbike,\" said Karelibaug police inspector S M Varotariya. Makwana allegedly took her to a vacant office where Bhailu Makwana, another accused, worked.Makwawna first raped the girl in the office. He was followed by Bhailu, who has been accused by the girl of having unnatural sex with her. Later, another person named Daddi entered the room and raped the victim for over an hour, leaving her badly brutalized and emotionally shattered.Initially, the girl didn't tell her father about the incident as she was scared. But, on Tuesday, she developed severe stomach pain. When asked about the cause, she relented and told her father what had happened. The father runs a readymade garment shop in the city.The victim's relatives later took her to a private hospital, but the doctors there refused to treat her saying it was a police case. On Tuesday night, the victim lodged a complaint against the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447611", "title": "1922 road rebuilt for Khan market parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-foot wide road that used to be an extension of Amrita Shergill Marg in 1922 has been rebuilt to enable traffic circulation as part of the new Khan Market parking plan.The road will facilitate the entry and exit of vehicles from the parking lot\u2014to be built on a 5,400 sq m plot chosen near the market. The road had been encroached upon and and a shrine came up along with a huge neem tree, causing the road to peter out.In a record span of four months, the encroachments were removed and the road relaid. \"It was the prompt action by NDMC staff at all levels that enabled us to make detailed drawings, and get them to remove the encroachments for resuming traffic flow on the road. All the encroachers seemed to be CPWD employees or their families, so the demolition was not met with much resistance,\" said Sudhir Vohra, consulting architect for the Khan Market Community Centre (KMCC) redevelopment plan.Carpeting of the road was completed on Wednesday morning and it is now ready for use. Officials said they have obtained the permission to cut down the neem tree, which will be done in a week. \"This is possibly the first time that land for building a road has been reclaimed from encroachers for public use, and that too in such a short period. The newly constructed road has a width of about 10m ROW (right of way), and it is about 100m long,\" added Vohra.In the old land and development office (L&DO;) drawings, positioning and spacing of three trees on this land testified to the existence of the road. While studying L&DO;'s historical plans, it was found that there was a road that connected Amrita Shergill Marg to Humayun Road, and which, if rebuilt, would provide connectivity on all four sides of the KMCC, allowing for easier entry and exit.Vehicles can enter from Subramaniam Bharti Marg and Amrita Shergill Marg and exit from Humayun Road. The plot marked for the car park is expected to be handed over to NDMC soon. The plot, which at present has a community hall, has been found to be best location for an underground parking lot. The car park will have a 12-foot wide pedestrian linkage to the main market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444345", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation to survey borewells", "text": "VADODARA: Alarmed by the incidents of children falling into borewells across the country, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has asked its officials to conduct a thorough survey of such wells in the city. Officials have been asked to send a report regarding the situation of such wells within a week.A circular ordering the officials to conduct the survey of borewells on a priority was issued by VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar. The officials have also been asked to ensure that no borewells remain open in the city.According to sources, the order was issued following the recent incidents of children dying by falling into open tubewells. The deputy executive engineers of the civic body have been given the onus of getting the surveys conducted across the city.The engineers have been asked to include both private and government borewells in their survey. If any of these are found open, the officials will have to close these themselves or ensure that those who own these do so. The ward officers of the civic body will have to monitor the process of ensuring that this happens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440165", "title": "'Kids' rob businesman of Rs 1 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: That two boys aged 10-12 years would be naive and harmless is what 60-year-old Keshav Dev, a shopkeeper, thought.However, Dev got a shock of his life when these two boys threw mud at his face and ran away with Rs 1 lakh cash.The incident occurred on Wednesday afternoon at Nawalgarh town in Jhunjhunu district, while Dev was returning from a bank.The two boys started following him from the bank, and as he reached near his shop, they threw mud on his face. By the time, Dev realized what has happened, the duo snatched the bag carrying cash and fled.\"The CCTV footage at the bank shows that the boys started following him from there,\" said Kailash Bishoi, SP, Jhunjhunu.The shopkeepers nearby raised an alarm but by that time they boys had managed to give everyone a slip.According to eye-witnesses the robbers were minors, the SP said. \"Such cases were not been witnessed in the past in our district,\" he claimed.Separate teams have been sent to nearby areas to nab the robbers.\"We have got some clues on their whereabouts and they would be arrested soon,\" the officer claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "14449982", "title": "Joining friends\u2019 cycle expedition to Rohtang", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Cycling over 2,500km, two friends of Kitchlu Nagar resident Vijay Mittar, 46, have come to take him along on their expedition. Vijay is ready for a trip to Rohtang along with them, while they will head to Leh-Ladakh, continuing their expedition, which began at Karad in Satara, Maharashtra.Vijay became friends with Rajesh Sharma, 49 and Deepak Digambar, 42, both residents of Satara in Maharashtra, in 2001, during a trip to Kailash Mansarovar.\"Deepak and Rajesh work together in Deepak's construction firm as they get along well for their common love of cycling. Rajesh has completed many expeditions, including a Karad-Kashmir-Kanyakumari trip in 1996, Karad-Amarnath and Pashup atinath in 1997 and Karad-Amarnath in 2003, but it is Deepak's first long expedition apart from his trip to Vaishno Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443854", "title": "Choubey to meet Union minister today to seek approval", "text": "PATNA: Bihar health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey will be meeting Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in New Delhi on Thursday in connection with starting MBBS teaching at AIIMS-Patna from this year itself.Talking to TOI, Choubey said, \"I shall request Azad to grant permission for admitting 100 students though the state's quota is of 50 seats. I had a meeting with the AIIMS-Patna director a couple of days back, during which the director said he has got the requisite infrastructure to admit 100 students.\"Choubey, in a communication to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad earlier, had requested him to start admission in AIIMS-Patna, from academic session beginning August 1. Azad was also requested to issue the notification with respect to nomenclature of AIIMS, Patna, as Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS). Choubey said if it is delayed for any reason, the Union government should bring an ordinance in this regard.In his letter, Choubey had requested the Union health minister to issue notification for admission of 100 MBBS students from this academic session. He also said the state government had attached the 300-bed Guru Govind Singh Hospital at Patna City to AIIMS, Patna, where the undergraduate medical students of AIIMS will perform their practicals.A combined AIIMS entrance examination is held every year in the month of May-June. Since the session starts in August, there is still more than a month left to complete all formalities to start the academic session this year.Azad, who had visited the JPNAIIMS site at Phulwarisharif here in May, had said that academic session could begin this year after completion of some unfinished works in a couple of months. He had, however, said that the hospital could function only from 2013 as it would take time to make it operational. In fact, the Union health minister had categorically stated that a collective decision would be taken by the ministry on whether to start the academic session this year or not in all the six upcoming AIIMS in the country.Choubey said the college building and residential quarters were complete at AIIMS, Patna. Chief minister Nitish Kumar and he himself had inspected the construction work of AIIMS and found infrastructure like hostel, electricity, water and roads to be satisfactory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14446200", "title": "Obama rides on immigration policy to lead in 3 key states", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has staked out a clear lead in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida - three battleground states in the Nov 6 US election - over his Republican challenger Mitt Romney , a poll released on Wednesday showed.The Quinnipiac University survey, taken just days after Obama's immigration policy announcement on June 15, also found strong support in all three states for the order allowing some illegal immigrants brought to the country as children to avoid deportation.Overall, the poll found Obama ahead of Romney by 9 percentage points in Ohio (47% to 38%), 6 percentage points in Pennsylvania (45% to 39%) and 4 percentage points in Florida (45% to 4%). The poll showed Obama holding a big lead among women, younger voters and blacks in the three states.The results are outside the poll's margin of error of plus or minus 2.8%. Last month, Ohio and Florida had been too close to call, and Obama had led Pennsylvania by an even larger margin of 8 percentage points, according to a poll.The three states may be critical to winning the presidential election.The spokesperson added: \"We think it is right that the Queen should meet representatives from all parts of the community.\" Last year, McGuinness had refused an invitation to meet the Queen during her visit to Northern Ireland. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14448956", "title": "Chandigarh is ageing, so is its infrastructure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city is growing old along with much of its infrastructure. But hardly any steps are being taken to upgrade these as per the rising demand.The electricity load here has grown exponentially over the past five years with indiscriminate installation of air-conditioners. But instead of strengthening its network of cables, UT electricity department is waiting for consumers to declare their loads. Besides, the capacity of transformers also needs to be updated.For instance: in Sector 34, supply from a 66KV high capacity sub-station is passed on to a 33KV transformer, which gives in under heavy load. There is an immediate need to have at least one more transformer in the area.However, even in case of the 5,000-odd consumers who have filled in the declaration form sent along with their bills, the electricity department has not upgraded the main supply lines to match the demand.\"The department has been blaming consumers for not helping it assess the actual load. But it is quite obvious that highly-populated southern sectors require high capacity infrastructure. Cables are replaced only when these get worn off,\" said Gopal Dutt Joshi, secretary, UT Powemen's Union.At most places, the wires are of 4 mm or 6 mm as per the old load, though the existing demand requires these to be upgraded to 16 mm or 25 mm diameter, so that these do not get burnt during peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14461896", "title": "Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi", "text": "CreditsDirector: Bela Sehgal Cast: Boman Irani, Farah Khan, Kavin Dave, Shammi, Kurush Deboo, Daisy Irani Producer: Sanjay Leela Bhansali , Sunil A Lulla Music: Jeet Ganguly Lyrics: Amitabh Bhattacharjee Editor: Bela Sehgal, Rajesh Pandey Cinematography: Mahesh Aney Screenplay, Dailogue: Sanjay Leela Bhansali Release Date: August 24, 2012SynopsisThe film that marks the directorial debut of Bela Bhansali Sehgal, stars veteran comedian Boman Irani and introduces director-choreographer Farah Khan as an actor.A middle aged Parsi couple find love at the most unexpected places... and time! Shirin (Farah Khan) and Farhad (Boman Irani) are two 40 plus middle-aged individuals who fall for each other in this unusual romantic comedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "tagore nagar", "code": "14450018", "title": "4 beat restaurant owner, rob Rs 31K", "text": "TAGORE NAGAR: In yet another snatching incident in the city, four people targeted the owner of a restaurant near DMC Area and robbed him of Rs 31,000 and his mobile on Monday night. The miscreants also beat up the victim with iron rods and a baseball bat.The victim, Tagore Nagar-resident Mandeep Singh said on Monday night after closing his restaurant in Gobind Nagar he was going home on his motorcycle when a car started following him. \"They tried to hit me with their car but I managed to dodge them. Later they stopped my way with the car and four people stepped out with iron rods and baseball bat. They hit me with it and snatched the bag that had around Rs 31,000 - the day's earning,\" said Mandeep. He added that the accused also asked him to hand over his mobile, which he did.\"They beat me so much that I could not note the registration number of their vehicle. After they fled I informed the police. Such incidents are increasing by the day and we cannot live freely,\" he said. SHO, Division no 8, Navreet Singh Virk said they are verifying the matter.Builder's shooters still on the runTen days since two miscreants opened fire on builder Jagdeep Singh Chahal at Charkhamba Road, police have not yet been able to nab the accused. SHO, Model Town Ashok Kumar claimed they have identified the accused as Sukhpreet Singh alias Sukha and Bikramjeet Singh alias Vicky of Fatehpur Awana village of Ludhiana district. \"We have formed a search team and are conducting raids to catch the accused but they have been changing location rapidly. We raided their houses in the village but it was found locked. Their family members have also fled the village,\" said Ashok. He added that they also raided rooms of the accused duo's friends in Chandigarh but the friends also managed to escape.On June 18, Model Town-resident Jagdeep was shot at when he tried to stop the accused from troubling his friends. Two bullets hit the builder on his thigh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14443969", "title": "No more sample question papers for CBSE Class 9, 10", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Board of Secondary Education has decided not to issue blueprints, sample question papers and marking schemes for all major subjects in Classes 9 and 10 from the 2012-13 academic year.These documents had been made public to provide a model template to serve as a guide to ensure uniformity in assessment, that the entire syllabus was covered, and for the validity and reliability of assessment, students and teachers began using them for their own ends.More often than school heads would like to admit, the blueprint, sample question papers and marking scheme were used by students to select chapters to study for board exams. Of late, teachers have also started endorsing this by coaching students for the exam rather than helping them understand all the concepts in the syllabus.\"This practice has been followed for a while now by students of Classes 9 to 12. When students find a chapter difficult the tendency is to study easier chapters, because by doing some quick calculations they will know which one to focus on to get the pass mark or even slightly more. This has resulted in students being promoted without studying certain chapters that are continued in the next class,\" said director of Paavai Group of Schools C Satish.CBSE joint director Ram Shankar has written to principals of affiliated schools, saying, \"The blue print micro categorizes items into difficult, average and easy with specific allotment of marks to each category, which again limits the framing of a particular type of question from a particular topic or chapter. Moreover, the release of blue prints and the sample question paper indirectly promotes the idea of teaching to the test.\"The board has said that from this year, the weightage of marks allotted will be revised so as to be assigned to entire units as mentioned in the curriculum instead of giving chapter-wise weightage, which is the practice now. The board will assign a flexible design or structure of assessment instead of a detailed blue print, which used to divide the curriculum into narrow portions.Though the syllabus has not changed, the summative assessment or exam for Classes 9 and 10 for the exams in March-April 2013 will not be based on the existing blue print or marking scheme. \"The SA 2 will follow a more comprehensive structure,\" Ram Shankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447921", "title": "AUDA flayed for deliberately withholding information", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many a time basic information that should be provided by a government office to citizens regarding project works - housing, civic utilities, income schemes - are deliberately withheld for dubious reasons or simply for harassing an RTI applicant. In one such case, the Gujarat information commission, has taken a tough stance against a public authority and has even gone to the extent of imposing a heavy fine if the officer does not give a valid reason for the exceptional delay in parting with information.Three years ago, applicant Mallika Sarabhai sought details of housing for the economically weaker sections ( EWS) in Ahmedabad by Ahmedabad Urban Development authority (AUDA). The information pertained to the Rs 500 crore JNNURM funds that were allotted for the construction of more than 20,000 houses for the poor. Sarabhai also sought details of the different heads under which JNNURM funds had been spent for the year 2009.Apart from this, the application also sought details of the number of families that were allotted these houses and the time period within which the rest of the houses would be constructed. \"The RTI sought details of the location of the one-room flats and the slum pockets where the houses were supposed to be allotted. The information was sought from AUDA in May 2009,\" said RTI activist Bharat Jhala.After the case came before information commissioner Balwant Singh for hearing he said \"Both officers were aware of the provisions of the RTI Act, and they ensured that the applicant does not get information,\" Singh said.In a detailed order the commission has warned that if the information is not provided to the applicant within 15 days, both the officers will be imposed a fine under section 20 of the RTI Act and the same shall be mentioned in their respective service records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14457132", "title": "Real life saga of Bhanwari Devi all set to hit screens on June 29", "text": "JAIPUR: The real life saga of Bhanwari Devi, the ANM of Rajasthan who was abducted and killed last year had inspired many filmmakers to give a reel life depiction of the 'Dirty Picture' of her life. Bhanwari Devi was a tribal woman and was working as ANM at a community health centre in Jodhpur's village.Since the case had already grabbed headlines, cinema audiences in numbers have started booking their tickets in advance for the film Bhanwari to be released on June, 29. The Rajasthani saga of Love, Sex and Dhokha in which Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Bishnoi are in jail on the charges of murder and criminal conspiracy has made the advance booking counters of various cinema halls in Jaipur crowded.Only time will tell if the film would be able to carve a niche for itself, the cinema traders are excited with the advance booking status. \"Since Monday people are coming to enquire about the film. We have started the advance booking from Wednesday and the response is good,\" said a manager of Polo Victory cinema.The producers of the film are planning to release it in single cinema instead of multiplexes as they are aiming the larger masses to see the films. \"The ticket prices of the single cinema are less compared to multiplexes, thus it is better to release it in single cinemas,\" said one of the distributors of the film. It may be recalled the in Bollywood three producers had announced their films on the life of Bhanwari devi after September,1, 2011 when the ANM Bhanwari Devi went missing and later CBI in its investigation found that she was killed. CBI has already charge sheeted 17 persons including two Congress legislators in the case.Some of the cinema owners are expecting houseful shows. \"It was the biggest story in Rajasthan chased by the newspapers and TV channels and film on such subject is definitely going to interest the audiences,\" said Jeevan Singh a film representative. In the film the protagonist woman is a doctor who wants to bring social changes in the society needed for woman empowerment while in real life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439478", "title": "School bus safety now onus of contractors", "text": "NAGPUR: The state education department recently issued a government resolution (GR) absolving schools of all responsibility in case students are hurt in a school bus mishap outside the institution's premises, if the vehicles are run on contract by an operator. Consequently, many educational institutions in the city are now planning to transfer the ownership of their buses to a private operator.In fact, the GR will help schools get away from the responsibility put on them by the controversial School Bus Safety Act, which was introduced in 2011 by the transport department. Though parents had welcomed the Bus Safety Act, both educational institutions and private bus operators had lodged a protest with the regional transport officers here. A school had even approached the high court against the act, which forced the transport department to postpone the implementation of the policy.Now, city schools with buses have welcomed the move by state education minister Rajendra Darda.Neeru Kapai, principal of Modern School (Koradi branch), said, \"The new GR is a step in the right direction. Safety of the students will definitely improve. Earlier, there was a lot of pressure on principals of the school, which will now be reduced. This GR is definitely welcome.\"School bus operators too have welcomed the latest amendment to the School Bus Safety Policy and are willing to take \"full responsibility\" while transporting students to and from school.President of the School Bus Owners' Association, Nagpur branch, Santosh Jog, who operates buses for two schools, said that earlier too they used to take utmost care of children travelling in school buses. Jog also pointed out that many schools had been planning to procure new buses as school buses cannot be over 15-year-old. Now, many schools will transfer their buses to private operators, he said.Agreeing with Jog, Adit Chhajjed, a major operator of school buses, also termed it a good move. He owns around 100 buses and operates them for 12 schools. He also welcomed the transport department's move to make use of speed governors mandatory, as it will help reduce accidents.\"The mechanism to limit speeds to 40km per hour will help curb accidents. Even though our expenditure will increase because we will have to invest on the speed governors costing Rs 15,000 each, it will be a nominal price coming to about Rs 20 per student per month. We will not be increasing fares as spending Rs 20 per student for their safety is nothing,\" he said.However, the parents associations are not happy with the education department move. According to them, most schools in Nagpur don't have their own buses and instead hire private buses. \"If schools are also held responsible for our children's safety, they will at least make sure that all precautions are being followed by the bus operators. Hopefully, the government will have a proper mechanism in place to conduct regular checks on private operators,\" said Pravin Deshmukh, a parent.Latest AmendmentAs per the new GR released on June 26, schools that have contracts with bus operators will not be held responsible for students' safety outside the school premises. No action will be taken against the school should there a mishap. Nevertheless, schools will have to enter into an MoU with bus operators to ensure that stipulated safety norms are being followed. Those schools that operate their own fleet of buses will be responsible for their students' safety. Both schools and bus contractors have welcomed the government resolutionAUGUST 31 DEADLINE FOR BUS OPERATORSThe transport department will release clauses under the School Bus Safety Policy by the end of the week. School bus operators have till August 31 to ensure that their buses have undergone the required modifications in accordance with the policy. \"We don't want any more delays. The transport department will ensure that the policy is implemented at the earliest. After August 31, the transport department will be very strict with the rules and won't show any sympathy towards bus operators that have failed to follow them,\" said state education minister Rajendra Darda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14437532", "title": "CPM adds communal tinge to political murders: PFI", "text": "KANNUR: The Popular Front of India (PFI), a confederation of Muslim organizations including the NDF, on Wednesday lambasted the CPM, alleging that the party has been trying to carry out its communal agenda in state, like the RSS in Malabar.State general secretary of PFI P Abdul Hameed alleged that CPM tried to communalize the murder of both Muhammed Fazal in Thalassery and RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan in Onchiyam. \"The party (CPM) tried to implicate RSS in the Fazal murder case, and tried a similar ploy against Muslim groups in the TP murder case. As a political party, the CPM should return to its original agenda of fighting imperialist forces,\" he said.He said that nearly 3,500 activists will take part in the final leg of the month-long campaign against the communal agenda of CPM. The campaign will end on June 29 at Thalassery.Hameed also denied reports of conversions taking place in the state. He was referring to the incident of a Hindu girl deposing before the Kerala high court that 30 girls were being given religious lessons at an institute in Manjeri with an aim to convert them into Islam.Following the girl's statement, a high court division bench had sent the girl, who had eloped with a Muslim boy, to Shanthiniketan hostel in Kochi, where she has been provided police protection till the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14461097", "title": "Android grew by 500% in India in one year", "text": "NEW DELHI: At its I/O event for developers in San Francisco , Google revealed that Android grew by 500% in India in the last one year.\"Android is a truly global phenomenon. We now have 400 million Android devices. In countries like Brazil, India and Thailand we have seen it grow by 500% in the last one year,\" said Hugo Barra, director of product management, Android.Barra added that the company was not slowing down. \"We are not slowing down. One million new android devices are activated every day,\" he said.At the event Barra showed a heat map depicting Android activations. Countries like India and Brazil were depicted in yellow colour, indicating high number of Android activations.At the IO event, Google made one more India-Specific announcement. The company said that in Jelly Bean, the latest version of Android that was also announced at the event, would come with support for Hindi inbuilt in the operating software.Google also claimed that the number of apps in its Play store had crossed 600,000.In May, IDC, a market research firm, said that Android had a share of 59% in the smartphone market in Q1, 2012. Apple's iOS was second on the list with a market share of 23%. It was followed by Symbian with a market share of 6.8% and BlackBerry OS at 6.4%.In India Android has grown at a fast pace because it powers a number of devices priced between Rs 5,000 to Rs 40,000. In comparison those wishing to buy an Apple phone have to get iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 or iPhone 4S. While 3GS costs around Rs 20,000, iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S are priced around Rs 37,000 and around Rs 44,000, respectively.BlackBerry phones and Symbian devices have failed to match Android and iOS in terms of features and user experience. Among phone makers, Samsung leads in Indian smartphone market with a market share of around 45%. Ranjit Yadav, Samsung's India head for mobile and IT business, recently told TOI that the company hopes to increase this number to 60% by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "hubli ", "code": "14462782", "title": "27 dengue cases reported in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI : Fear of outbreak of dengue has gripped the people of twin cities with 16 new dengue cases being reported in the district in the few weeks.Thanks to corporation and district administration which have failed to alert the people to keep themselves safe from the dengue which is mainly spreading because of lack of cleanliness and dirty environment.It has become habit for the authorities to take the measures to deal with dengue when there is hue and cry over the problem but they never come to the rescue the people before the surface of dengue case.It seems nothing could change the style of functioning of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) which is so lethargic and indifferent to the civic issues particularly to clean the overflowing gutters, dustbins, and spray the chemicals to kill the larva's which spread the deadly diseases like dengue.Even though the alert has been sounded by the government health department a few months back to make the proper arrangements to contain the spread of dengue, nothing has been done in the city to deal with dengue fever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14440850", "title": "Lucknow University releases cut off list for UG courses", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University declared the cut offs of various undergraduate courses on Wednesday.The cut off in BCom (Hons) is 87.67% for UP Board, 90.33% for ISC and 90.2% for CBSE. In the OBC category, the cut off is 81.2% for UP Board, 84.33% for ISC and 83% for CBSE. In the SC category, the cut off for UP Board is 75.2%, 78% for ISC and and 76.8% for CBSE.For BA (Hons), in the open selected category, the cut off is 78%, 80% and 80.2% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the OBC category, the cut off is 67.6%, 70.33% and 69.2% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In SC category, the cut off is 59.2% for UP Board, 61.6% for ISC and 61.8% for CBSE.In the open selected for BCom, the cut off is 82.8%, 85.16% and 85.2% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE. In the OBC category, the cut off is 76%, 80.5% and 80.4% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the SC category, the cut off for UP Board, ISC and CBSE is 73.8%, 76.167% and 76.4% respectively.In BA, the cut off in open selected category is 74.5%, 76.83% and 76.8% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the OBC category, the cut off for UP Board, ISC and CBSE is 69.8%, 73.5%, and 72.2% respectively. In the SC category, the cut off is 67.4%, 71.67% and 70% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively.In BSc (Mathematics), the cut off in open selected category is 84.4% for UP Board, and 87% for ISC and CBSE. In the OBC category, the cut off is 81.2%, 84.17% and 83.4% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the SC category, the cut off is 75%, 78.5% and 77.4% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively.For BSc (Biology), the cut off in the open selected category for UP Board is 80.8%, for ISC it is 83% and for CBSE 83.4%. In the OBC category, the cut off is 75.6%, 78.67% and 77.8% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the SC category, the cut off is 71.2%, 73.83% and 76.2% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively.In BCA, the cut off in the open selected category is 83.8% for UP Board, 88.17% for ISC and 85.8% for CBSE. In the OBC category, the cut off is 78.8%, 81.6% and 84.2% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE. In the SC category, the cut off for UP Board, ISC and CBSE is 71.6%, 75.5% and 85.2%.The cut off for BBA in open selected category is 75.8%, 78.17% and 77.8% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE respectively. In the OBC category, the cut off for UP Board, ISC and CBSE is 66.2%, 69.5% and 68.8% respectively. In SC category, the cut off is 63% for UP Board, 64.67% for ISC and 64.6% for CBSE.In LLB (Hons), the cut off in the open selected category is 81.88% for UP Board, 84% for ISC and CBSE. In the OBC category, the cut off is 71.4%, 80.67% and 73.4% for UP Board, ISC and CBSE. In the SC category, the cut off for UP Board is 67.8%, for ISC it is 71.5% and for CBSE 70.4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14437519", "title": "Students give nursing the thumbs down", "text": "KOCHI: The recent spate of strikes by nurses, demanding better pay and working conditions, have seen a huge shortfall in the number of applicants to about 119 nursing colleges this year, forcing many managements to extend the day of submissions informally by a week.Applications to the once sought after seats in 92 self-financing colleges have fallen to 26,000 compared to 34,500 received last year, when submissions closed on June 15. While this includes applications for other streams such as B Pharm and diploma in physiotherapy among others, nursing has been the worst affected, and managements expect at least 30% seats to remain vacant in the coming academic year.\"The strikes have given a bleak picture of the profession, making students apprehensive in pursuing a career in the sector,\" said Saji V, president, Private Nursing Colleges Managements Association (PNCMA).The strikers confirmed this. \"We had conducted campaigns at all higher secondary schools in the state during our strike. Narrating our experiences, we requested them to think twice before opting for nursing courses,'' said M Jasmine Shaw, president of United Nurses Association.As of now, there are 119 nursing colleges, in both private and government sectors, with about 6,000 students passing out each year. Of these, 92 are self-financing colleges which have 4,600 BSc nursing seats.The downslide has been worse for the state's nursing schools which offer courses in general nursing and midwifery. Most of these schools, which offer a total of around 12,000 seats, are on the verge of closure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14452813", "title": "Dharmendra: I can\u2019t afford to have health issues", "text": "Dharmendra speaks to TOI about going missing from the family pictures at Esha's sangeet and tackles the swirling rumours of illnessHe was there when she got engaged. But for Esha Deol's sangeet, dad Dharmendra went missing from the pictures. There were rumours he had refused to be photographed. There were also reports that it may have had something to do with the fact that he had been away in the US for two months, presumably to address health concerns.But when TOI decided to get to the bottom of the mystery about the matinee idol, we found a snapshot in which he does look a tad tried, but that 1000-watt smile was intact. When we managed to get in touch with the actor, he said, \"I was very much there. But I avoided the cameras as far as possible. It was an evening meant for the kids. I decided to take a backseat.\" Hema Malini seconded him saying, \"Dharam was there. But he stayed away from the cameras.\"A guest who wishes to remain anonymous said, \"Dharmendra was there. But he came and went very quietly. And he stayed for a short while only. He looked fine. When Esha requested for pictures with her fiance Bharat, he affectionately begged off.\"What about the US trip then? Dharmendra laughed, \"Whenever any known person is out of the country for a longish time, it is presumed it's for health reasons. But I was in the US to visit my daughter and my brother's daughter. They're both married and settled there. My visit was long overdue. I decided to make the trip before Esha's wedding.\"And finally, to all those reports of him being unwell, he says, \"I'm absolutely fit and fine. I have my fans' good wishes to make sure that I stay out of harm's way. As for these rumours about my health, it is a trend nowadays for actors to be declared unwell. I've no health issues. I can't afford them. I've a daughter's marriage coming up.\"And on an emotional note, adds: \"June 29 is very important for me. I've seen my other daughters married and settled down. And now it's Esha. She's very precious to me. Esha and Bharat make a very handsome couple. I want to see them happily married forever. Bharat is a very good boy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448130", "title": "7K seats under RTE still vacant", "text": "INDORE: Over 7,000 seats reserved for students from the economically and socially weaker sections as per the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009 are lying vacant in the private, aided and unaided schools of the city. Though the last date to apply for admission was June 25, admissions will be allowed till June 30.The school education department has announced to carry out fresh lotteries on Saturday to enroll more students under the act to pri- vate schools.There are nearly 5,000 private and government schools affiliated to state and CBSE board out of which nearly 1,500 private schools are in city alone. The school education department has recently compiled a data of private schools to check whether they have filled the 25% quota meant for poor children, as per the RTE Act.The team found that, of the 10,500 seats reserved for the economically and socially weaker sections in various schools, only 3,500 have been filled till date.An official from the school education department said the reason for the seats remaining vacant was that the schools were not being approached by children from the economically and socially weaker sections or the parents want their children to study in CBSE board and elite schools.The official said that if a school denies admission to a child belonging to the economically weaker section, the department will force the school to admit the child.\"But, for this, the parents have to come to us with complaints. If the parents want to get their child admitted to a particular school, they can approach us. We will give letters to the concerned school to comply and admit the child, provided the child fulfils the necessary criterion and the quota is not filled at the school,\" the official said.About the other reasons behind the seats lying vacant, the official said: \"The notification on RTE says that admission of children from the economically and socially weaker sections should be done from the starting class at the school. However, in many cases, parents want to admit their children in the first standard while the most schools have nursery or KG classes to start with. Admitting a child directly to Std I in such schools will create various problems in future,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14456455", "title": "Mamata doubles monthly stipend for farmers who lost land in Singur", "text": "KOLKATA: After Calcutta High Court's judgement declaring the Singur Land Development and Rehabilitation bill as unconstitutional, chief minister Mamata Banerjee declared on Thursday that she would start a movement for the farmers who lost their land in Singur.The state government has also declared that it will move the Supreme Court against the order.Stating that she has always worked for the upliftment of the downtrodden, Mamata said that the monthly stipend given to the farmers, who were forced to give up their land to the state government so that Tata Motors could build its Nano factory, would be doubled.She said that all those farmers whose names have been recorded by the district administration of Hooghly as \"unwilling land losers\" will be given a monthly stipend of Rs 2000.\"I can imagine how difficult life must be for the unwilling landlosers who refused to take any payment for their land. We had initially decided to support them by paying them Rs 1000 monthly. However, now we have decided to double that,\" Mamata said at Writers Building.As of now these farmers were being given Rs 1000 as stipend.The announcement was greeted with a lot of cheer at Singur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "14456941", "title": "Former Pakistan minister detained at US airport for possible links with Hafiz Saeed", "text": "HOUSTON: Former Pakistani minister Shaikh Rashid, known for his pro-LeT leanings, was detained at Houston airport on arrival for his possible links with the terror group's founder Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind of the Mumbai attacks.61-year-old Rashid, leader of the Awami Muslim League of Pakistan, was detained soon after he arrived by an Emirates flight last evening and was freed after five hours of interrogation.Sources said Rashid was detained for his possible links with Saeed.It is understood that he was scheduled to attend a fundraiser and meetings with his supporters in the US.The US department of homeland security was not immediately available for any comments.According to Pakistan's Geo News channel, the former minister was released after Pakistan's ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman , asked the Pakistani consulate here to help him out.Following her directives, Pakistan's consul general in Houston, Aqil Nadeem, reached the airport to talk to the immigration authorities following which the former minister was allowed to leave the airport after five hours of interrogation, it said.Rashid had in recent past actively attended the rallies and meetings organised by Defa-e Pakistan Council, an alliance of extremist and hardline groups formed by JuD chief Saeed.He had accompanied Saeed to the rallies and press conferences where they both made statements against India and the US.Rashid had served as the federal minister for railways in Pakistan from 2006 to 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14448005", "title": "Sourabh wants to repeat Vaibhav show after Indonesia stint", "text": "NAGPUR: An advanced coaching stint in a badminton-passionate country like Indonesia or China can do wonders to any player. Ask Vaibhav Bisne who, on Wednesday, stunned No. 2 seed Jayendra Dhole in the ongoing Nagpur District Championship. The teenager had attended a three-week camp at Jakarta recently.Now, watch out for Sourabh Kerhalkar. The 12-year-old appears full of confidence after returning from a month-long camp in Indonesia.\"I am aware of Vaibhav's exploits. I too hope to do well in the coming season. The training in Indonesia has given me lot confidence and I am raring to go,\" Sourabh told TOI on Wednesday.Sourabh, who arrived in Nagpur on Tuesday evening, is eager to perform well in the first state sub-junior badminton championship scheduled to be held at Nanded from July 14 to 18.\"The first day of the tournament happens to be my birthday. I hope to give myself a perfect gift by winning the tournament. The event will give me the opportunity see how much I have improved,\" said Sourabh, a standard VIII student of Somalwar Nikalas School.Last year in the U-13 final, Sourabh had lost on his 12th birthday. This year, Sourabh will compete in the U-15 section.Joining the Nikhil Kanetkar Badminton Academy (NKBA) in the summer vacation proved crucial for Sourabh. It also gave him the chance to go Indonesia for the training stint.The NKBA has a tie-up with Li Ning, a sports goods company, which sends 13 boys and 4 girls in the age group of 12-14, including five from NKBA, to Indonesia. The camp commenced on June 1 at the Li Ning Bandabaru Badminton Academy, Batan Ireland, on the coast of Singapore.After the camp, Sourabh and the others travelled to Singapore to watch the Li Ning Super Series Finals. \"Watching world champions in action from close quarters came as a chance of a lifetime for us,\" he said.In Indonesia, Sourabh said, they used to practice seven hours a day with a lot of emphasis being put on physical fitness. \"We used to train from 5 to 8 in the morning. The afternoon training session was four hours of gruelling practice with on-court drill and plenty of sequence drills,\" said Sourabh.Towards the end of the camp, lot of endurance activity was done which included 10-km running and hill sprints.Reaching the quarterfinals of the U-15 intra camp tournament was another highlight of Sourabh's stint. \"I won five matches on way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443860", "title": "Minister for action against firm", "text": "PATNA: Urban development minister Prem Kumar on Wednesday asked urban development commissioner to initiate administrative proceedings against National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) if it fails to complete the drainage work in Kankarbagh locality within a week, and also directed that administrative action be taken against the PMC's Bankipore circle executive officer, Chandra Shekhar Narayan, for dereliction of duty.Kumar gave the directives in course of reviewing the status of work related to clearing of drains in various localities falling under the PMC. Bankipore MLA Nitin Navin and several officials attended the meeting.The minister directed the officials to ensure that all the manholes were covered by July 5. The officials of Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad were asked to keep all the motor pumps in working order so that accumulated water could be drained out without delay. Besides, they were also asked to keep motors in reserve to meet any emergency. The officials told the minister all the manholes would be covered within a week.At an earlier review meeting, NBCC had been asked to complete the drainage-related work in Kankarbagh by June 20, but the company has failed to comply with the directive. Similarly, the performance of Bankipore circle executive officer Narayan was found unsatisfactory despite the fact that he had been asked to improve his functioning at the last review meeting.The minister asked the officials to maintain adequate number of motor pumps to drain out accumulated water at short notice from Rajendra Nagar stadium area as well as from such localities as Congress Maidan, Bhanwar Pokhar, Lahanipur, Pirmohani and Khetan Market.When the attention of the minister was drawn towards the construction of drains and the clearing of the existing drains in Defence Colony, Rental Flat and MIG Colony in Kankarbagh as well as Gola Road area in ward number 19 at Danapur and localities between Ganga Devi Mahavidyalaya and Gayatri Mandir, Kankarbagh, the minister directed the chief engineer to submit a probe report on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443291", "title": "8,000 seats remain vacant on penultimate day", "text": "PUNE: A total of 56,381 standard XI admission forms for 64,380 seats declared by the centralized admission process (CAP) committee for 159 junior colleges who are part of the admission process have been received so far. This is 7,999 forms less than the overall admission capacity.The CAP committee oversees the admission process for junior colleges in Pune and neighbouring Pimpri Chinchwad. Wednesday was the last day for submission of admission forms at the 24 designated application receipt centres across the city. The process had started on June 23.The submission process will remain open on Thursday at Fergusson, Sir Parsurambhau, Abasaheb Garware, Nowrosjee Wadia, Mhalsakant colleges and at Laxmanrao Apte prashala which is the submission centre for non-SSC board students.As has been the trend for the last few years, the number of applications for science stream has exceeded the number of available seats. Against 19,635 admission capacity for science stream, the CAP committee has received 25,687 applications, an excess of 6,052.On the other hand, the commerce stream (English and Marathi medium combined) has received 22,362 applications, which is 4,118 less from the admission capacity of 26,480 declared for commerce.Only 2,474 applications were filed for arts which is 10,236 less than the overall admission capacity of 12,710 seats.The bifocal vocational science seats too are likely to go vacant at many junior colleges this year. Against an overall admission capacity of 5,525 seats, the CAP committee has received 4,673 applications, less by 852.The CAP panel has also received 1,185 applications under the state government's allowed to keep term (ATKT) scheme for standard X students, who have failed in two subjects.Post-culmination of the submission process on Thursday, the focus will be on the provisional merit list for the bifocal seats, which is expected on July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14445198", "title": "Transgender struggles to reclaim property", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the court and the police being in her favour, a transgender in the city has been struggling to reclaim familial property that was taken over by her aunt.A group of transgender activists, including Priya Babu and Rose Venkatesan, approached the police commissioner for the second time on Wednesday demanding that the case be resolved.Shwetha, who earlier went by the name of Suresh, lived with her mother Sumathi and her aunt Sarala on a property jointly owned by both sisters. Seven years ago, when Suresh realized he was a transgender, he left home along with mother Sumathi and adopted the name of Shwetha. Shwetha later found that her aunt had taken over the joint property. She approached the Madras high court in 2006 and a verdict was delivered in her favour. However, Sarala still refused to vacate the property.Last month, Shwetha approached the police commissioner and the case was forwarded to Royapuram assistant commissioner Pir Mohammed. But his intervention failed and Sarala remained immovable.Finally on Wednesday, Shwetha, Sumati and a group of transgender activists approached the commissioner who suggested that they move the high court again. He also forwarded the case, this time to the deputy commissioner of Washermenpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14446752", "title": "Month into marriage, wife of LRD jawan ends life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 23-year-old wife of a Lok Rakshak Dal jawan committed suicide at her house in Vatva on Tuesday. The victim, Kiran Parmar, was found hanging from ceiling by her family members. The woman, said Vatva police, had got married just a month back.Kiran's parents and relatives have told the Vatva police that she was married to LRD jawan, Pravin Parmar, who is posted in Jamnagar. Fifth day after marriage, according to rituals, Kiran had paid a visit to her parents who stay in Vatva. During her stay with her parents, Pravin visited Kiran twice.In the last meeting on June 23, Pravin told Kiran that he does not want to live with her and that he had married her under pressure from his parents. Pravin refused to take Kiran back to Jamnagar with him. This, said Vatva police, may have driven Kiran to suicide. However, the victim has not left any suicide note.Vatva police said: \"We have booked Pravin for abetment to suicide. We will summon the LRD jawan for questioning. After recording his statement, we will ascertain what exactly the dispute between the newly-married couple was. Only after these procedures are over, we will be able to decide what action to take.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14443546", "title": "Cops play development agents in Naxal-hit areas", "text": "MANGALORE: Police in Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts are on a different tack in their endeavour to check the spread of Left wing extremist movement in their areas. To deal with the Naxal propaganda about lack of development in the region, police are now liaisoning with other departments to take forward the development agenda of the state government.They are even lending people in the Naxtal-hit areas a helping hand with regard to various recruitment initiatives of the government. Recently, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada district police helped youths in the Naxal-affected villages to take advantage of an ongoing recruitment drive of the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation for the posts of drivers-cum-conductors.MB Boralingaiah, superintendent of police, Udupi and Abhishek Goyal his counterpart in DK are pro-actively working in this regard and helping youths especially tribals get employment. The DK SP will organize a jan samparka sabha at Kolli temple in Belthangady taluk on Sunday.\"It is our endeavour to encourage all people living in remote villages of Belthangady to participate in the sabha to discuss development-related issues. Various department heads and the deputy commissioner will be a part of our initiative which focuses on the development needs of 12 Naxal-affected villages in the taluk,\" he told TOI.Goyal said the jan samparka sabha would also see an initiative from the zilla panchayat to organize a health camp for the villagers. \"We are trying to bring Dharmasthala based RUDSET institute on board to provide self-employment training for the Malekudiyas in the area. Police with their close contacts with local population are also playing a role in helping government departments select beneficiaries under the tribal sub-plan,\" he added.The focus of efforts of Udupi police, apart from ensuring effective implementation of social security schemes, is also to identify unemployed youths for gainful employment activities, according to %Boralingaiah.With nearly 20 villages in Kundapur and Karkala taluks identified as Naxal-prone, SP said he and DC MT Reju were planning to visit these villages during the weekends for a reality check on how development works had been progressing there.The state government had in May constituted a high-level official committee under chief secretary SV Ranganath to study problems in Naxal-affected areas in the coastal districts. Ranganath at a recent meeting of deputy commissioners and superintendents of police of Naxal-affected districts had reiterated the state government's thrust in giving a fillip to development in such areas.The state government had in May constituted a high-level official committee under chief secretary SV Ranganath to study problems in Naxal-affected areas in the coastal districts. Ranganath at a recent meeting of deputy commissioners and superintendents of police of Naxal-affected districts had reiterated the state government's thrust in giving a fillip to development in such areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14448264", "title": "Murder accused shot at", "text": "INDORE: Two persons opened fire at a murder accused right in front of the office of senior superintendent of police (SSP) here on Wednesday. The accused was being taken to the district court for hearing.According to the police, complainant Dharmendra said three motor-bike borne youth had approached him while he had stopped at the Regal Crossing for a cup of tea. \"Trilok, Tigg and an unidentified person opened fire at me with a country-made pistol,\" said Dharmendra.He said he had somehow managed to divert the pistol as the bullet which went brushing his right ear. The trio fled the spot immediately after the incident.The police have lodged an FIR under the Section 307 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14462164", "title": "Gujarat Technological University introduces personality development program", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the recently concluded academic term, Gujarat Technological University had introduced a new subject \" Contributor personality development program\" in Bachelor of engineering, diploma engineering, master of engineering, bachelor of pharmacy and masters of computer application.In the current academic term, this program will be continued for seventh semester degree engineering students, fifth Semester diploma students, seventh semester B.Pharma students &amp; third Semester MCA students. This is a 48 hours 4-credit compulsory course. These 4-credits are over and above the existing credit structure. All colleges are instructed to account for this subject while finalizing the time-table for the term.Officials said that the Gujarat Technological University has taken up a number of initiatives to significantly improve the quality and effectiveness of the students that it offers to industry and society. While many of the initiatives have been designed to build skills and competencies of the students, the core issue of the right mindset and the right values has remained elusive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14443450", "title": "Three held for deputy sarpanch's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police on Tuesday night arrested three suspects for their alleged involvement in the murder of Jalindar Temgire (32,) deputy sarpanch of Jambhe village in Mulshi on June 23.Sachin Sudam Kudale (29) of Malwadi in Mulshi, Swapnil Sudam Gaikwad (20) of Jambe in Mulshi and Govind Namdeo Deshmukh (19) of Punawale were arrested by a team led by senior police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Satish Deore.They were produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded in police custody till July 6.Police investigations have revealed that the murder was a fallout of previous rivalry between Temgire and Kudale. \"Gaikwad also wanted to kill Temgire as he had allegedly abused his parents,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-III) Dnyaneshwar Chavan.At 8 pm on June 23, when Temgire was on his way home in his car, the suspects blocked his way near Kanpile Vasti in Mulshi, shot him with a firearm and assaulted him with sharp weapons. Following the incident, the trio was untraceable.During investigations, police found that four years ago, Temgire and Kudale had got into a brawl. \"Gaikwad too had some enmity with Temgire. We suspected their involvement in the murder, and launched a massive search operation to trace them.\"A tip-off on Tuesday night said the suspects would be coming near a restaurant at Punawale.\"We laid a trap and nabbed them around 10 pm. During sustained interrogation the trio confessed to their involvement in the murder,\" Deore said.After stopping Temgire's car, it was Gaikwad who fired at him, while Kudale and Gaikwad assaulted him with sharp weapons.\"The suspects later threw the firearm into a river. Police are yet to recover the weapon,\" an official from the crime branch said.Deore said Gaikwad is a diploma holder, Kudale runs a tourist business, while Deshmukh was a private security guard.The investigating team comprised police inspector P D Patil, police sub-inspector M B Sagade, police constables Raju Kedari, Balasaheb Shinde, Raju Dorge and Nana Zende.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14456969", "title": "Naan E, Eega and Eecha from July 6", "text": "SS Rajamouli's magnum opus Naan E starring Nani, Samantha, Sudeep and Santhanam is all set to release in Tamil and Telugu on July 6.The socio fantasy thriller was on the censor tables yesterday and has been awarded an U/A certificate. Director SS Rajamouli tweeted,\"Censor done and Naan E (Eega) is given clean U/A certification no cuts... The officer explained even U/A was due to smoking shots.\"Now, with all the formalities done the promotions will be on full swing gearing for a July 6 release for Naan E (Tamil), Eega (Telugu) and Eecha the dubbed version in Malayalam. Produced under the banners of PVP Cinema, Naan E has music scored by Keeravani, cinematography by Senthil Kumar and editing by Kotagiri Venkatesawara Rao. Crazy Mohan has penned the dialogues for Tamil version.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14442465", "title": "Tractor crushes three bikers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Three people, including two brothers, were killed and one injured critically when a tractor hit them in Dankaur on Wednesday evening. Police said the four men were returning from a condolence meeting in Baajpur on a bike. As they reached Badan Khera village, a tractor hit them from the side. The incident occurred around 5.15pm.The bikers were travelling along the tractor when its tyre burst and the driver lost the balance. The tractor leaned towards the bike and three persons came under the wheels of the trolley and died on the spot. The fourth was rushed to a local hospital where his condition was told to be critical. The deceased were identified as brothers Anil Kumar (15) and Kuldeep (18) and Amit (16). All three were residents of Chachula village in Dankaur.Enraged locals blocked the Sikandrabad-Dankaur road for more than two hours. \"We have seized the tractor. The driver is absconding,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448643", "title": "Now, Volvo buses for babus", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana government's officials will now be able to travel in the comfort of AC Volvo buses to Gurgaon, IGI airport , Delhi and Chandigarh and Faridabad for official work. The fleet of AC Volvo buses has been recently added to Gurgaon and Delhi. Chief parliamentary secretary, Transport, Sultan Singh Jadaula said that this was a gift to government employees who have to travel a lot for official work. Singh also said that the travel expenses of officials using these buses would be reimbursed by the government. This facility however, has been restricted to employees of grade I, II and III with grade pay of Rs. 4600 and above.The travel time of AC Volvo Super Luxury buses from Chandigarh to Delhi and back will be about half-an-hour. The buses are fully air-conditioned and equipped with LED destination boards in the front. In addition to this, the buses have built-in mobile and laptop charger points on all seat rows, adequate luggage room, 49 comfortable semi-sleeper passenger seats and an entertainment system with DVD player and USB port. The passengers will also get complementary mineral water bottles and newspapers. Meanwhile, the new routes connecting Gurgaon to destinations like Dheradun, Agra and Katra, which were introduced for the ordinary citizens, are doing well. \"The response is immensely encouraging for all the routes. Passengers are quite satisfied with the facilities provided in the bus,\" said a Haryana Roadways official based in Gurgaon. The positive feedback of the passengers has made the department contemplate increasing the fleet of the buses. Also, to make sure that the booking of tickets doesn't become a hassle for passengers, the department has started an online ticketing facility that can be done on www.hartrans.gov. \"A lot of people, mostly those working in IT firms are booking tickets online for Dheradun and Agra these days,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14437458", "title": "Four children injured after auto overturns near Kalamassery", "text": "KOCHI: Auto drivers are enjoying a free run in the city flouting rules and regulations and the latest incident being an accident on Wednesday when a drunk auto driver endangered the lives of 14 school kids, who were traveling in his auto.The children of St Joseph's school, Kalamassery had a miraculous escape when their auto overturned at Toshiba Junction around 4pm after the driver lost control of the vehicle.Four children were injured in the accident and they were rushed to Sunrise Hospital. The accident occurred when the kids were returning home from school by auto.Police arrested the auto driver identified as Vijayan, 41, of Nadathedathu House, Aluva.\"We conducted a medical test on the driver and it was confirmed that he was drunk at the time of the incident. He will be produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody. Necessary steps will be taken to cancel his driving licence,\" police officials said. Officials said that the driver has grossly violated the rules by carrying more children while the permissible limit was six.The injured students were identified as Hari (11), Manjima (12), Yadu (11) and Abhinav (5). The students suffered fractures and head injuries, but their condition is stable.According to the police, the auto driver had virtually thrown the rules to wind by driving the autorickshaw with school children in an inebriated condition.Though the driver alleged that the auto overturned after it was hit by a speeding motorcycle, the police pointed out that the accident occurred due to his mistake.Kochi: Auto drivers are enjoying a free run in the city making a mockery of rules and regulations, the latest incident being an accident on Wednesday when a drunk auto driver played with the lives of 14 school kids, who were travelling in his auto.The children of St Joseph's school, Kalamassery had a miraculous escape when the auto overturned at Toshiba junction near Kalamassery around 4 pm after the driver lost control. Four children were injured in the accident and they were rushed to Sunrise Hospital. The accident occurred when the auto rickshaw was on its way from school to drop the children at their houses.Police arrested the auto driver identified as Vijayan, 41, of Nadathedathu House, Aluva. \"We conducted a medical test on the driver and it was confirmed that he was drunk at the time of the incident. He will be produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody. Necessary steps will be taken to cancel his driving licence,\" police officials said.Officials said that the driver has grossly violated the rules by carrying more children while the permissible limit was six. The injured students were identified as Hari, 11, Manjima,12, Yadu,11 and Abhinav,5. The students suffered fractures and head injuries, but their condition is stable.According to the police, the auto driver had virtually thrown the rules to wind by driving the autorickshaw with school children in an inebriated condition. Though the driver had put forward a version that the auto overturned after it was hit by a speeding motorcycle, the police pointed out that the accident occurred due to his mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14445282", "title": "Heritage tag eludes Western Ghats", "text": "CHENNAI: The Western Ghats, a hotspot for biodiversity that spans seven states, is out of the race for Unesco's Natural Heritage Status for the second year in a row. The Unesco Heritage Committee had at its meeting in Paris in 2011 also rejected India's application.A Unesco official participating in the ongoing annual meeting of the heritage committee in St Petersburg, Russia , confirmed to TOI that 39 selected sites of the mountain chain \u2014 which starts in Gujarat and ends in Tamil Nadu \u2014 will not make it to the heritage list.The International Union of Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has suggested that India \"review and refine the scope and composition\" of the sites, chosen by the state governments, and take serious note of recommendations by the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP).The regulatory body asked India to \"further refine the boundaries\" of the sites to ensure the \"exclusion of disturbed areas\" and \"enhance the contiguity and buffer zones of the nominated sites\", based on recommendations from WGEEP.Though a meeting to discuss whether or not to grant heritage status to the Western Ghats, which is home to at least 325 globally endangered species, will take place on the weekend it is unlikely that the UN body will overrule IUCN's objections and grant it the special status.India now cannot apply for heritage status for the Western Ghats for another three years. The heritage tag would have boosted tourism and ensured that measures are taken to conserve the various fragile ecosystems in the mountain range.Unesco has so far granted natural heritage status to five sites in India.Wildlife Institute of India dean V B Mathur said, \"Many international travellers look for natural heritage sites. The tag would have meant more funding for researchers working to preserve the area.\"Unesco carries out heritage checks annuallyUnesco carries out annual audits to check if heritage sites maintain the criteria based on which they are granted the tag, said Jagadish of Atree, a Bangalore-based NGO involved in the survey of the designated sites along with IUCN. \"This would have led to protection of the sites and prevented encroachments,\" he said. \"Also, roads or dams cannot be constructed on these sites.\"The 39 sites are spread over 7,95,315 hectares in Maharashtra (with four sites), Karnataka (10), Kerala (19) and Tamil Nadu (six). Many politicians in these states, especially in Karnataka, have opposed the move to seek heritage status for the 39 sites, saying no development project would be possible in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14456462", "title": "Parambrata Chatterjee's b'day bash", "text": "It was a special day for Tollywood heartthrob Parambrata Chatterjee. A star-studded party rung in his birthday, that was on Wednesday, at a lounge bar of a city club.Flanked by his family, his friends from within the industry and outside, Param cut his special birthday cake as bubbly was uncorked. Parambrata then hit the dance floor with Rudranil Ghosh and Kaushik Ganguly. Also present to wish the birthday boy were Dev, Abir Chatterjee, Parno Mittra, Anupam Roy and Sudeshna Roy, among others.\"When I first heard about the party, I couldn't believe that Param will actually treat us. I could only believe it was true when I finally reached the venue,\" joked Rudranil, who lathered the birthday boy's face with the pink cake. Rudra's humorous anecdotes about his London trip with the birthday boy winded up the party.Stuti Aggarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14439645", "title": "Low-intensity tremors rattle Kutch", "text": "RAJKOT: Six low-intensity tremors rattled Saurashtra and Kutch region on Tuesday. According to Institute of Seismological Research (ISR), Gandhinagar , out of the six, four occurred in Kutch.ISR officials also said that an earthquake measuring 3.1 on Richter scale on Tuesday occurred near Dholavira in Kutch.However, there was no casualty. Last week, an earthquake measuring 5 on Richter scale jolted several parts of Gujarat, bringing back memories of the deadly 2001 earthquake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14439784", "title": "State appoints administrator for Bally municipality", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has appointed an administrator for Bally municipality as its chairman, Arunabha Lahiri of CPM, is absconding from June 4 to avoid the arrest in a criminal case pending against him.The Trinamool Congress had gone on a protest mode ever since Lahiri had stopped attending his office at the municipality.The Trinamool opposition leader in the municipality had complained to the urban development department that people of Bally were being harassed as the chairman was absent since long and key policy decisions could not be taken. The director of urban local bodies had also received complaints that the chairman's absence is affecting the smooth functioning of the municipality, including disbursement of finances.In order to resolve the stalemate, urban development minister Firhad Hakim decided to appoint an administrator in the absence of the chairman. The decision was taken during discussions the minister held with officers.Even Trinamool leaders had put up posters at different places in Bally with pictures of Lahiri, urging people to trace him. However, CPM leaders said that Lahiri would be able to get a bail from the high court and he will be attending his office soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14449747", "title": "Classical music is Chaman\u2019s vision", "text": "BRS NAGAR: When one passes in front of Chaman Lal Bhalla's house in BRS Nagar, it is hard to pass without halting, if the passerby is not from the neighbourhood and unaware of the owner of the melodious voice which enchants people. Chaman lives without sight, but he has found his vision in music.It was when the six-month-old Chaman was migrating with his family to India from Pakistan after Partition in 1947 that he caught an eye infection and lost his eye sight because of lack of medical care. His tryst with music began when Chaman's parents sent him to a school for visually challenged in Amritsar. He got his initial lessons in music from Somnath Kapoor, Dilbag Rai and Baldev Krishan Sharma who were his mentors at the school. A post-graduate in music (instrument) from Panjab University and music (vocals) from Akhil Bhartiya Gandharv Mahavidyalya Mandal, Pune, Chaman says he has overpowered his physical challenge with classical music. \"I never wanted to commercialize my skills. So, my only aim is to serve classical music and help it flourish,\" says Chaman. A retired professor from Punjab Agricultural University, Chaman, 65, says he trains 12 disciples of classical music and practices three hours every day himself.\"The interest in classical music among people has gone down. The state government should open music academies in each district to promote classical music,\" says Chaman. Chaman's son Kushal Bhalla and daughter Pooja are settled in USA and are both learned classical musicians. Pooja has a gold medal in her post-graduation with music. \"It is my wife Kusum Lata who has been a constant motivation to me,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14446344", "title": "Parents charge school with discrimination", "text": "MADURAI: Parents of students studying in a private school here approached the district administration on Wednesday, alleging that the institution followed a double schedule to discriminate against students apart from charging exorbitant fees. S Umar Farooq, secretary of the Mary Ann Matriculation School Students' Parents Association, submitted a petition to the district administration charging that the school functioned from 8.30 am to 2.20 pm for students who paid government stipulated fees, while there were additional classes held for those who paid the fees demanded by the school.\"As per the fees fixed by the government and the 15% hike through court order, the school should collect Rs 5,750 for kindergarten, Rs 7,215 for classes one to five, Rs 8,280 for classes six to eight, Rs 11,208 for classes nine and ten and Rs 13,743 for those studying in classes eleven and twelve. However, the school collected Rs 19,000 for kindergarten, Rs 20,000 for classes one to five, Rs 23,000 for classes six to eight, Rs 27,000 for classes nine and ten and Rs 30,000 for those studying in classes eleven and twelve,\" he rued. Besides, the school has neither displayed the government fees and the increased fee through court order, nor are they giving receipts for the additional fees they collect, Farooq stated.The issue of parents opposing the exorbitant fees collected in the particular school has been going on for a few years. The parents were paying the school fees through the office of the inspector of matriculation schools. But they complained that since they were paying the fees stipulated by the government, their wards were sent home by 2.20 pm while other students continued school till 5 pm. \"Our children are emotionally disturbed that the other students are getting additional classes. This is very discriminating,\" Farooq charged.When contacted, A Jayapaul, chairman of the Mary Ann School said the school ended by 2.20 pm with regular classes. \"The additional classes with external teachers were held as demanded by parents and students. We have to think about the parents who are co-operative with the school management as well,\" he said. A group of parents are always rebellious about some issue. \"The school was started 25 years ago with a motive for service and it is not easy to run it with the soaring inflation and difficulty of finding talented teachers. Parents who sought the intervention of district administration should have approached the school management with their problems,\" he added.Inspector of matriculation schools, A Gnanagowri said she would investigate the alleged discrimination against students of the school. \"We will investigate the charges and if found to be true, we will seek an explanation from the school authorities,\" she said.Last year, another renowned school followed the method of double schedule between students who paid government fees and those who paid the amount demanded by the school. The school asked the parents to donate a certain amount to a welfare association and students of the parents who obliged, were given additional classes. Irked by this, a section of parents had approached the Madurai Bench and got a stay order.The issue of exorbitant fees appears to prevail in aided schools as well. On June 18, S Sivakumar and C Sethuraman from Tiruparankundram submitted a petition to the district administration in this regard.Henri Tiphagne, special representative for RTE in Tamil Nadu said private schools indulging in such a discriminating practice would amount to a criminal offence which can be considered as cheating. \"Double schedule for the students in a school is a discriminating practice and it is against the Right to Education Act,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443992", "title": "CM scraps 5% VAT on fabric", "text": "PANAJI: The government has abolished the 5% VAT levied on fabric with effect from June 1, chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced at a media briefing on Wednesday afternoon.He said that there was 5% special central excise duty on two products till March 31-cotton fabric and sugar. The central government used to collect the special excise duty and remit it to the state government. Now, from that date, the central government has said that if states want to collect tax, they could levy VAT.Parrikar said his government had avoided sugar because it is an essential commodity. But in routine course, the government had levied VAT of 5% on fabric. Later, however, the government realized that neighbouring states had not levied such a tax. Parrikar, \"Even otherwise, Goans go to Belgaum for their wedding shopping. With an additional 5% tax on fabric, it would only hit Goan businesses more. Goan merchants and traders had come with their representation to me. So we have taken a cabinet decision to reverse our earlier decision.\"Though the 5% VAT on fabric has been abolished with effect from June 1, the tax for the two months before June will have to be paid, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14443844", "title": "'No illegality in recruitment'", "text": "PANAJI: Council for social justice and peace (CSJP), a Goa church organ, has said that there was nothing illegal in the recruitment of field supervisors in the directorate of mines and geology as the due process was followed.In a letter to the chief minister, secretary of CSJP Fr Maverick Fernandes said that perusal of the facts put up by the new recruits after they approached the council, has shown that the candidates have fulfilled all the requirements. \"It cannot be understood as to why the government has prevented them from joining duty without any written intimation citing reasons,\" CSJP saidFernandes said that several recruits after receiving the 'Offer of appointment' quit their secure jobs to report for duty. This becomes a human rights issue as it amounts to a denial of a sustainable livelihood for no fault of theirs, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14450347", "title": "Land scam at Sanguem unearthed", "text": "PANAJI: Goa cricket association's cup of woes is overflowing. The two-member investigating committee has stumbled on an alleged land scam where the association has bought land at Sanguem for an astounding eight times the actual price.According to information made available to TOI, GCA entered into a deed of sale with one G Karpe to purchase 29,845 sq m of land at Sanguem - ostensibly to construct a ground-at the rate of 1,150 per sq m on May 24, 2012. GCA paid Karpe 3.43 crore for the transaction.Just two months earlier-on March 22, 2012 to be precise-Karpe had purchased the same land from S Nadkarni for as little as Rs 150 per sq m. According to the sale deed papers, Karpe had bought 93,450 sq m of land from Nadkarni for a sum of Rs 80 lakh and only a third of this was sold to GCA.\"In just two months, the price of the land at Sanguem shot up eight times and that too when GCA had bought only a third of the actual property. This must be the steepest ever hike in land dealings,\" said a source close to the investigating process.The Sanguem land dealing is expected to be part of the two-member investigating committee's report to be handed over to the state government on Friday.\"The sale deed showed that the property has been developed. In fact, a line has been added at the end but when the (investigating) committee went to the site they were shocked to discover marshy land,\" the source said.From P 1Interestingly, one of the witness to the GCA sale deed is the developer, who was allegedly paid Rs 46 lakh as advance to develop the ground. The other witness is an influential member of the association.GCA was also close to entering into an agreement with another party at Dhargal to purchase land for a ground in Pernem, but some managing committee members put their foot down after they smelt something fishy.\"In January this year, (Dayanand) Narvekar was forcing the committee to purchase land at Dhargalim (Pernem) to prepare a ground, and when it was brought to his notice that the land had no proper plan and was coming under CADA (command area development authority) he disagreed and was forcing us to sign a MoU by giving an advance of Rs 2 crore without getting any legal approval. Under him, the managing committee took his dictates, but still the Dhargalim land was prevented by us,\" a senior GCA member disclosed in a written submission to the investigating committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14448557", "title": "Contractor arrested for wife\u2019s murder", "text": "GURGAON: The labour contractor who had been detained by Sadar police on June 26 for murdering his wife, has been arrested and sent to five days police remand. His partner in crime, the beauty parlour operator with whom he had been allegedly having an illicit relationship, is yet to be arrested.The accused, Anil Kumar (36) and his lover of five years Shakuntla Ahlawat (35), had allegedly strangled Anil's wife, Anuradha on June 21 in Sector 39.An FIR under Section 302 of the IPC was lodged against the two on the statement of the victim's father.Anil was arrested on Wednesday and brought before the duty magistrate court. \"We are questioning the main accused and will arrest the co-accused as soon as possible,\" said Yashwant, SHO, Sadar police station. According to police sources, Shakuntala has been detained and the police are questioning her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14442030", "title": "Land data to move online in Dindori", "text": "NASHIK: The process of electronic upgradation of mutation entries on land records under the national land records modernization programme (NLRMP) of the central government will soon start in Dindori tehsil of Nashik district, informed deputy collector, administration, Nilesh Jadhav.\"Under the NLRMP, there will be a time-bound programme of registering mutation entries in land records, which will be monitored at every level. The process is likely to begin from July 1,\" Jadhav said.The programme is all about ensuring that entries within a time-bound period of twenty days from the day a request is generated are recorded and that the settlement commissioner can view every case that has been completed or pending within a stipulated time-frame and beyond as well.The Dindori tehsil has 155 villages, of which data for 15 villages has been uploaded thoroughly. The process for uploading the rest may require around two more months. Under the programme, when a talathi, the revenue official of a village, receives any request for a change in property records (mutation), he sends an SMS with the village code to the national informatics centre (NIC) server, which processes the request and generates a code. At the same time, if there is any sale of land registered at the sub-registrar's office for the same village, even then the server assigns a code and on its own sends it to the (respective) talathi.\"Thus the details of the message sent to the talathi are registered in the programme. The talathi now has to act within 20 days to ensure that the respective entry is made to the corresponding code. The entries are possible only after biometric verification of the officials,\" district informatics officer Rajesh Salve said.With this, the buyer of land would not have to visit the talathi with a request to add his name to land records, instead it would be updated within a month's time and the action would be visible on the website http://mahabhulekh.maharashtra.gov.in/nlrmpnew, an official said.Officials of all ranks have been given intense training on the subject and sample data was also entered into the programme on a trial and error basis, sources said. Dindori, along with Mulshi taluka in Pune district, is being updated under the programme. However, Dindori is likely to go on-line within the next two months, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444608", "title": "Times Chennai Festival: Sufi treat for Chennaiites", "text": "CHENNAI: They were introduced to the world of music by their father Ustad Ghulam Ali Khan, a popular Sufi singer. They learnt their first musical notes from him at the age of 10. Since then, there has been no looking back for the Sabri brothers, Aftab and Hashim.\"We have been performing together for more than three decades and our songs have been appreciated and accepted by people across the world,\" says Aftab. The Sabri brothers, who have given numerous live shows as well as television performances, have also made their mark in Bollywood, rendering chartbusters for movies like 'Main Hoon Na' (2004), 'Once Upon A Time In Mumbai' (2010) and 'Guzaarish' (2010).The duo will perform today in the city for the first time as part of the Times Chennai Festival. Fans will be treated to an evening of qawwalis, Sufi songs and Bollywood numbers. \"We want the audience to remember the evening till we come again,\" say the Sabri brothers, whose concert will be held at Chinmaya Heritage Centre at 7pm. Since Chennai is a city where all forms of music thrives, the Sabri brothers are positive about the response they will get from the audience.Though they will perform their regular numbers, they do not plan to shy away from requests made by the audience. \"We always inaugurate our shows with 'Chaap Tilak Sab Cheeni', a popular Sufi song that has been rendered by several Sufi singers in different forms,\" they say. \"We shall also present Sufiana Kalam, which is the history and evolution of the Sufi tradition, to give the audience an understanding of what they are listening to.\"The brothers are also sensitive to the expectations of the Chennai audience. \"As artists, it is our responsibility to ensure we do not disappoint anyone coming to watch our show,\" says Aftab. \"An increasing number of people are now listening to Sufi songs. Considering Chennaiites like classical music a lot, we'll have Sufi songs, which have a touch of the classical.\"(The Times Chennai Festival is co-hosted by Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers. Complimentary invites to all events and performances are available at The Times of India office on Chamiers Road in Nandanam)Food Fiesta : Cookery class at Dakshin between 3pm and 5pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14454123", "title": "Why Arjun pipped Imran at the post", "text": "It was Kapoor's rugged Parma avatar and Khan's schedule that helped him bag the lead role in Nadiadwala and KJo's 2 StatesFor the last two years, Sajid Nadiadwala has been dabbling with the idea of adapting Chetan Bhagat's popular novel 2 States for the silver screen. However, plans for the production failed to materialise with the lead role changing hands and even directors leaving the project. The film that was initially supposed to star Shah Rukh Khan later went to Ranbir Kapoor and then to Imran Khan . And now, Arjun Kapoor seems to have won the race.TOI found out that Imran, though keen on playing the north Indian hero, required time to prepare for his part. But the makers Nadiadwala and Karan Johar wanted to kickstart the project before the actor's specified dates in February-March 2013. And Imran had to bow out.In the meantime, pleased with Arjun's portrayal of the rustic Parma in Ishaqzaade, the co producers decided to cast him in 2 States . One-film-old Arjun immediately agreed. And now the film will go on floors by September.A source close to the film revealed, \"Arjun has a three-film deal with YRF. But the contract isn't exclusive. He is allowed to work in other productions as well. Karan wanted to capitalize on Arjun's popular rustic north Indian image and cast him as the male lead in 2 States .\"A source from Dharma told us, \"Karan wasn't comfortable with the casting rumours. He likes to announce the film with the entire cast and was waiting for Sajid to return from abroad. They have still not locked the girl but it might be a new face. All depends on the film's director, Abhishek Verman.\"As for Imran, busy with his current projects, the actor had already committed to Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2 followed by Tigmanshu's film and the promotion of Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14448986", "title": "Monsoon likely to be delayed by a week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: You will have to wait longer for monsoon. For, it is likely to be delayed by a week.The Chandigarh meteorological department said, \"Monsoon will not hit the city in the first week of July. It will be delayed by a week, as moisture levels are not as high as these should have been to bring rainfall.\"Till Sunday, the humidity level was hovering around 55%. But after Sunday night showers, it increased to 66% on Monday and Wednesday.\"The moisture levels have gone up a bit because of which the night temperature has increased. But, the coming week will remain dry,\" said met director Surinder Paul. \"There are various reasons behind the delay, but these are not yet known,\" he added.\"June is coming to an end, but the city has not yet received pre-monsoon showers. Clouds and light drizzle that the city has been witnessing is due to local developments,\" said a met department official. The normal date for the onset of monsoon here is June 30 or July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14443806", "title": "RTI body flays info panel", "text": "PATNA: Nagrik Adhikar Manch, a body of Right to Information (RTI) activists, will stage a dharna here on July 5 to demand appointment of a retired high court judge as chief information commissioner (CIC) instead of a retired bureaucrat. The present CIC of State Information Commission (SIC), A K Choudhary, will retire in August next. Before Choudhary, a retired high court judge was the CIC.Criticizing the SIC's functioning, Manch president Shiv Prakash Rai said information-seekers were being harassed and in most of the cases, they are deprived of information sought under RTI. Eve in second appeal, the petitioners are told that information sought by them were not in accordance with the ruling of the Supreme Court.Rai said, \"We will demand revision of the orders of CIC Choudhary, who disposed of about 30,000 cases by quoting SC ruling and saying the details sought do not come under the definition of information. In some cases, the CIC also overruled the orders of information commissioners.\"Bihar, which earned a name across the country for establishing a call centre 'Jankari' for providing information on phone, has still not developed a foolproof mechanism for supplying information sought by people on time. PIOs are just not providing information, Rai said, forcing people to move second appeal to the SIC. The RTI Act says if no information is provided within 30 days by the appellate authority, it would be deemed that the information was not ready to be provided and the party will be free to move for second appeal to the SIC, he said.\"The illiterate people are asked (by the SIC) to read the Supreme Court orders and then seek information as per the definition of information. This is quite strange and an excuse for not providing information to the public,\" said another RTI activist, Ranjit Pandit, of Vaishali.Rai said in April last, in reply to his petitions seeking information from the SIC about the orders slapping fine on the PIOs and many other issues, the one-line reply to each query was, \"go through the website biharonline.gov.in/sic or see the annual report of the SIC available online\".When Prem Madan of Kankarbagh locality in Patna sought information from the CM secretariat about the expenses incurred on the CM's various yatras, the secretariat pleaded that it had no information and transferred the petition to the department of cabinet coordination which, too, feigned ignorance about the information. The SIC too could not help the petitioner get the information.In one case, the CIC in his order last month stated that since the DDC, Buxar, had admitted that panchayat secretary was an accused and departmental proceeding has been initiated and search is on to locate his whereabouts, the case is disposed of.Rai said he had sought information from Raj Bhavan about the sitting MLCs nominated by the governor under clause 5 of Article 171 of the Constitution, their political affiliation and description of individual contribution of such members in the defined fields like literature, science, arts, cooperative movement or social service. To his queries sought in April last, there was still no reply, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14440900", "title": "Nashik First conducts drive on traffic safety", "text": "NASHIK: To spread awareness about safe driving, non-governmental organization Nashik First on Wednesday conducted an awareness drive at the ITI Signal on the Nashik-Trimbak Road.During the drive, conducted between 8 and 9.30am, office-bearers of Nashik First, volunteers and traffic police appealed to motorists to observe traffic rules while driving. Also present at this programme was ACP Sanjeev Thakur of the traffic branch.Suresh Patil of Nashik First said that motorists were urged not to use cell phones while driving and not to jump signals. They were also asked to wear helmets while riding bikes and stop before zebra crossings.Activists from Nashik First also carried placards with them featuring various slogans about safety measures while driving.Office-bearers of Nashik First said that there were only a handful of traffic cops to control over a lakh of vehicles in the city, and so it was the responsibility of motorists to ensure their own safety and the safety of others.A large number of motorists mainly industrial workers and officials appreciated the initiative of the organisation and appealed the office bearers to organise such programmes regularly in the interest of the city. Nonetheless, there were also motorists, who jumped signals despite the a huge force of traffic cops present at the venue of the drive, who were then challaned by the cops.However, the activists said that the programme was a success considering that a large number of people who passed by ITI Signal were convinced with the idea of discipline on the road.Nashik First has conducted quite a few programmes about safe driving earlier and the office bearers said that they would continue to organise such programmes in the future at different locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447742", "title": "Mud left beside cleaned drains", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon round the corner, South Delhi Municipal Corporation claims it has completed desilting of all major drains under it. But, this is not completely true. Though the civic agency has desilted the drains, it is yet to remove the silt dumped on both sides of the drains. For example, heaps of silt is still lying on both sides of the Kushak Nullah. Residents fear that this year, too, waterlogging will be a serious problem in the area.\"They desilted the drain some 20 to 25 days back. In case of pre-monsoon showers, the silt dumped near it will flow back into the drain,\" said Manjeet Singh Chugh, joint secretary of South Extension-I RWA. Last year, overflowing of Kushak Nullah led to waterlogging in South Extension-I, Kidwai Nagar, Sewa Nagar and neighbouring areas.The south corporation officials say when the silt dries up, it is dumped at landfill sites. Residents wonder why the silt has not been removed even a month after the drains were cleaned. \"In this weather, it should not take more than 48 hours for the silt to dry up. Besides, the drains have not been cleaned properly and are choked with plastic bags and other waste material,\" said Amit Kumar, a resident of Kasturba Nagar.The stretch near AIIMS where the agency is constructing a road over the nullah, is also clogged with debris. In a recent inspection, Kiran Waila, MLA from Malviya Nagar, had directed the south corporation's commissioner, Manish Gupta, to expedite the work. \"The construction agency has dumped the debris into the drain. This can result in serious waterlogging in nearby areas like Hauz Khas, Green Park and Gautam Nagar. The civic agency should complete the task at least a month in advance,'' said Kiran Walia.Subhash Arya, leader of the House of the south corporation, said, \"We are not able to get enough trucks to carry silt to landfill sites. But I will direct officials to expedite the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14439267", "title": "Illegal construction at Bharimata may lead to floods", "text": "SURAT: Illegal construction along the one-kilometre-long stretch at Bharimata in Katargam is posing severe threat to the newly constructed embankment on river Tapi.Residents in Katargam, who faced the fury of the devastating floods in 2006, said the embankment is unsafe due to the illegal construction and digging of land going on unabated and authorities turning blind eye to the issue.\"Construction of illegal structures, including concrete houses, apartments and commercial complexes close to the river embankment continue, and the authorities in the civic body are yet to wake up from their deep slumber,\" an RTI activist and resident of River Park society in Singanpore near Bharimata Ghanshyam Gabani said. Gabani alleged that officials of Katargam zone of working hands-in-glove with the encroachers.Gabani and few other residents of River Park society have time and again urged the authorities of Katargam zone to remove the illegal construction and encroachments from near the embankment, but the authorities have not taken action against the offenders.Gabani said the residents here still remember the devastating floods of 2006. It is the same spot where the embankment has been constructed from where the gushing flood waters entered into our society. However, the residents are really concerned about the sustainability of the embankment structure due to illegal construction.\"The encroachers have been digging close to the embankment to erect the concrete columns, thereby damaging the foundation of the embankment, which could pose a serious threat during the floods,\" another resident of the society Manish Kataria said.Pointing towards the row of illegal construction coming up along the embankment, the locals said few years ago the spot was an open expanse of land. \"It was a beautiful spot. We used to sit on the banks and enjoy the cool breeze of Tapi. People of the locality and its adjoining areas used to organize picnics and functions there. Now, it has been encroached and illegal constructions are going on leaving no space for the residents,\" a diamond manufacturer living in the society Kamlesh Patel said.When contacted, chief of Katargam zone D C Gandhi said, \"I have joined only few days ago. I am not aware of any such illegal construction going on that is posing danger to the embankment.\"Gandhi added, \"If such is the case, we would immediately start a survey of the area and find out whether the constructions are legally approved by the civic body's town planning department. If they are not, we will definitely raze the illegal constructions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439513", "title": "Films Division's 3-day international documentary fest", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to create interest in documentaries, Nagpur branch of Films Division has organized an international documentary film festival from June 29 to July 1. The festival, being held in collaboration with Vidharba Sahitya Sangh, will screen seven award-winning documentaries at the VSS auditorium.Films Division is organizing this festival after a gap of 15 years, informed Films Division's Nagpur branch manager SN Thantharate in an exclusive chat with TOI ahead of the event. \"This festival has been revived after a very long gap. We will show seven documentaries made by international filmmakers during the three-day festival,\" he said.Describing the process of selecting documentaries, Thantharate said, \"Films Division organizes a Mini International Film Festival every two years in Mumbai, which is competitive in nature. Films which win awards at these fests are screened here.\" The Nagpur office of Films Division received a list of 48 films to select from. \"The ones we selected are based on subjects relevant throughout the world. There is one by an Indian filmmaker too, titled 'The little Terrorist',\" he said.The films to be shown at the festival are uncensored and uncut. Thantharate says that special permission has been sought to screen them. \"Being international films, we are allowed to show them without cuts and have obtained clearance from Censor Board too. It would be a treat for those who love to view documentaries and are interested in nuances of film making. This is a wonderful opportunity to watch award winning creations,\" he said.Film piracy and technology boom has had a very negative impact on this segment of infotainment, says Thantharate. \"As it is not mandatory for multiplexes to screen documentaries and news reels, single screen theatres are our platforms for releasing them for public viewing. But with large number of theatres closing down due to lack of audience, documentaries have suffered. Satellite television, internet and now watching movies stored in pen drives have taken the audience away from theatres.\"The changing requirements have altered the formats of documentaries made by Films Division. \"We don't produce biographical films anymore. Most of the films are promotional and commissioned by different ministries. They are barely two to five minutes durations,\" says the branch head. \"But at the festival we are showing documentaries of nearly an hour or more duration. They deal in depth with various subjects,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14447900", "title": "Three held for kidnapping child", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people, including a woman, have been arrested for allegedly kidnapping children and selling them to childless couples, police said.Sumitra alias Veena, Praveen Gupta and Sumit Giri were nabbed after they kidnapped their neighbour's son and were planning to sell him. The child has been rescued, B S Jaiswal, DCP outer said.On June 16, one Laxmi Rathore reported her one-year-old son had gone missing and a case of kidnapping was registered, Jaiswal added.Two teams were constituted to execute the operation. Sumitra and Gupta were first held and the kid was recovered. On their instance, Giri was arrested from Rithala Metro station.During interrogation, the accused revealed that they were neighbors in Buddha Vihar and indulged in such offences to earn quick money, police said. It was Sumitra's idea to kidnap the child and sell him to a childless family.\"Gupta had kidnapped the child from a footpath in Sector 12, Rohini. The child was then handed over to Sumitra who kept him at her house till they found a prospective customer. But before the plan could materialize, cops raided the house and held them,\" Jaiswal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460359", "title": "Indian Americans most educated, richest, says Pew report", "text": "Indian Americans are the most educated population in the US, with more than 80 per cent holding college or advanced degrees, stated a report released June 19 by the Pew Research Center .Indians Americans also have the highest income levels, earning $65,000 per year with a median household income of $88,000, far higher than the US household average of 49,000, according to the survey.But the report, titled \"The Rise of Asian Americans,\" was immediately taken to task by several organizations for its seemingly-homogenous portrayal of the US's fastest growing ethnic population.\"Our community is not a monolith,\" said Deepa Iyer, executive director of South Asian Americans Leading Together, in an interview with NPR. Iyer, who also serves as chair of the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans, said that the community has historically been seen as a model minority, or job takers, and viewed with suspicion.\"We need to make sure we are not portraying a one-dimensional picture of our community. We have to look at those who are not as much of a success story,\" said Iyer, calling for the disaggregation of data of various Asian American subgroups.In a letter to India-West, Iyer noted that one out of five South Asian Americans lack health insurance and one out of every three Bangladeshis in New York lives in poverty. \"South Asians as a whole continue to face discrimination and immigration barriers and often lack access to vital services,\" she said.\"If we ignore the disparities within our communities in favor of a model minority narrative, then government agencies, philanthropic institutions and lawmakers may leave us out when designing programs, providing funding or changing policy intended to address pressing issues many Americans face,\" stated Iyer.The Asian American Center for Justice applauded the Pew Center for surveying the community, but said its findings were \"overly simplistic.\" Household income is a poor measure of success for immigrant communities, which tend to have a larger number of workers per household and a greater number of people who rely on the income, noted the AAJC.The 225-page Pew report does disaggregate data for the Indian, Chinese, Filipino, Vietnamese, Korean and Japanese American population, but lumps Bangladeshis into the \"other Asian\" category. The report contains no data for the Pakistani, Afghan, Sri Lankan, Nepali or Bhutanese communities.The 3,511 people interviewed for the survey included 580 Indian Americans who were interviewed earlier this year. While household income surpasses that of the US population at large, slightly more than half of Indian Americans own their homes, compared to a two-thirds rate of home ownership among the US population at large.Nine per cent of Indian Americans live in poverty, defined as $19,000 annually for a family of three.Nearly 87 per cent of the Indian American population is foreign born, and eight per cent of the families surveyed have had a baby in the past year, as opposed to seven percent in the total US population.Almost three-fourths of Indian Americans are married, significantly higher than for the US overall, in which only half are married. Ninety-two percent of Indian American children live with two married parents, and only two per cent of Indian American babies are born to unwed mothers.Only eight per cent of Indians view the US as better for the strength of family ties; 69 percent regard India as better in that regard, but still see America as a good place to raise children.Whether myth or reality, Asian Americans have gained a reputation for being strict and demanding parents. Indian Americans stood out from the other Asian groups for the emphasis they put on good parenting and more than 71 per cent believe American parents are too easy on their children. More than two-thirds of Indian Americans believe that parents should have some influence on their children's career choices.One-fourth of the nation's 3.1 million Indian Americans live in the West, while 31 percent live in the Northeast and 29 per cent live in the South.Compared to other Asian Americans, Indians are the most likely to identify as Democrats; 65 per cent are registered for that party or lean that way. Eighteen percent are Republicans.Two-thirds of Indian Americans approve of President Barack Obama's job performance, according to the Pew report.Asian Americans are also strong proponents of hard work with two-thirds of those surveyed saying that people can get ahead if they're willing to work hard. Only 27 per cent say hard work is no determinant of success. Interestingly, three-fourths of Indian Americans say hard work is the key to success whilst only two-thirds of Indians in India believe the same.More than half of Indian Americans believe they will do better in life than their parents, whereas less than one-third of Indians living in India believe the same.The Pew report noted that the Indian economic climate has shifted dramatically in recent years, which has led Indian Americans to be less positive about conditions in the home country. Almost 60 percent are dissatisfied with economic conditions in India, but reported high levels of satisfaction with the US economic climate.Indian Americans were also the highest ethnic group to describe their personal financial situation as good or excellent, and the most likely to say that Asian American success surpasses the US population at large.By Sunita Sohrabji (India-West Staff Reporter)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14439619", "title": "35 hurt as drunk driver rams bus into divider to spite complaining passengers", "text": "NAGPUR: Ignoring numerous warnings, an allegedly drunk driver deliberately rammed a private bus into the road divider to spite the passengers. The incident happened on National Highway no. 6 between Amravati and Nagpur, near Karanja (Ghadge), in the wee hours of Wednesday. Moments afterwards, the bus toppled over thrice and fell into a 25 feet deep pit, even as the driver jumped to safety from his cabin. Police said four children and 31 others, were injured, of whom three are said to be in critical condition.The 40-person marriage party was travelling in the bus from Amravati to Nagpur, where the marriage was scheduled on Wednesday morning. Many passengers said that the driver was under the influence of alcohol, and intentionally rammed into the divider after they complained to the travel owner about his rash driving.\"The driver was drunk and feeling sleepy. Hence, we requested him to let the cleaner drive. However, the cleaner too was driving rashly, and soon handed the controls back to the driver,\" said Tridip Wankhede, who was sitting in the front row. Wankhede is a journalist from Amravati.\"The driver was speeding and the bus had a close shave with an oncoming truck. We warned him not to drive but he abused us. Hence, we complained to the bus owner, Devendra Rajgure,\" said Manoj Tiwari, who suffered head injuries. However, Rajgure refused to listen to the passengers and assured them that nothing will happen.The passengers said they warned the driver thrice before asking him to stop near the Karanja toll plaza, where they also offered him tea to refresh himself. When they against asked him to drive properly the driver started abusing the passengers. Soon after the bus departed from Karanja the bus driver allegedly drove the bus into a divider. The bus toppled over three times and fell into a 25 feet deep pit along the road side.Tiwari alleged the driver warned them of consequences after they lodged a complaint with the owner. \"He warned that now he would show us how an accident takes place. Soon afterwards the bus climbed over the divider. The cleaner immediately jumped out of his cabin door,\" said Wankhede.Wankhede called up the toll plaza for help, and many people rushed to the spot to start rescuing the injured.Those recuperating at the hospital claimed that the driver had also swiped a truck while overtaking. \"He had hit the side mirror of a truck, and glass pieces had hit some passengers sitting in front,\" said Rashmi Wankhede, who was sitting in the first row with her two kids, Arunima (6) and Agnima (4).Rashmi and her daughters suffered serious injuries on the face in the accident later. \"My kids were thrown around like balls. Agnima was sleeping in my lap when it happened. I saw the driver climb onto the median and shouted at him. Before we could stop him, the bus overturned. Agnima fell near the footsteps of the door while Arunima ended up below the seat,\" said Rashmi.Karanja police have registered a case and are searching for the driver.Some of the injured were taken to a hospital in Amravati from the spot while some were rushed to a private hospital on Central Avenue in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14444393", "title": "Another high voltage drama ahead of GCMMF elections", "text": "VADODARA: The Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets the famous Amul brand is set to witness another high voltage political drama ahead of elections for its chairman.Even as Banas Dairy's chairman Parthi Bhatol is eyeing a hat-trick as GCMMF's chairman, the anti-Bhatol camp in the Rs 11,700-crore federation's board has decided to move court demanding early elections.Bhatol completed six years in office on Tuesday. GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi on his part has already written to the Anand district collector for starting the election process.But directors of GCMMF's board in the anti-Bhatol camp say that the Gujarat government is not keen on holding the chairman's elections till August even as Bhatol's tenure of three years has already ended.\"There is no reason for the state government to delay elections for the chairman. Why are election dates not being declared? Who is stopping the Anand district administration from declaring the election dates or issuing notification for the same? A body as huge as the GCMMF cannot run in vacuum and the chairman's post is not anybody's personal property,\" Amul Dairy's chairman and Congress leader Ramsinh Parmar said on Wednesday while launching a scathing attack on Bhatol.\"We have decided to move court so that elections are held at time,\" said Parmar.Bhatol told TOI that the federation has already completed the procedure to hold the elections on time. \"The managing director is duty bound to approach the district collector whenever the tenure of chairman gets over. In our case, the managing director had written to the collector 15 days ahead of my tenure getting over. Whenever, the district collector issues the notification, the managing director will convene the board meeting where the elections will take place,\" he said.Interestingly, chairman's elections had got delayed by nearly eight months when Bhatol had got re-elected as chairman of GCMMF in 2009.Although Bhatol who had replaced father of white revolution Dr Verghese Kurien as chairman of GCMMF in 2006, had completed his first term as chairman in October 2008, the chairman's elections was kept on hold till June 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14447457", "title": "Cop's son accused of running Ponzi scheme", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One more Ponzi scam has come to light in the city. Investors are believed to have lost Rs 76 lakh to the scam, alleged to have been masterminded by a son of a police officer.A city-based builder Aktar Hussain Diwan on Wednesday registered a complaint with the Gaekwad Haveli police station against Jamalpur resident Qutubuddin Saiyed alleging that the latter defaulted on payments after promising him handsome returns for his investment.Diwan had invested Rs 29 lakh in installments with a scheme floated by Saiyed, who had promised to pay his investors monthly returns of 15 per cent. Saiyed kept his promise only for the first month when he paid Diwan a sum of Rs three lakh. After that he defaulted in the payments, said Gaekwad Haveli police.When Diwan started him to return the money, Saiyed promised to give him land instead. Later, Saiyed also showed Diwan some land documents and told Diwan that a plot in Kheda had been purchased in his name. When Diwan checked land records at the government office, he found that the owner was somebody else.Besides Diwan, another Jamalpur resident Mohammad Tirmiji also approached Gaekwad Haveli police station with a complaint that Saiyed cheated him of Rs 47 lakh.Police officials believe that the Saiyed may have taken many investors for ride in similar fashion. \"Saiyed is the son of a police officer posted in Ahmedabad. This is not the first time that he has been accused of a Ponzi scam,\" said Gaekwad Haveli police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14447781", "title": "Sis appeals against Lalit\u2019s sentence", "text": "Mumbai: The Bombay high court on Wednesday admitted appeals against the acquittal of hotelier Lalit D'Souza, who was charged with attempting to murder his sister Lorna in October 2007 by firing at her.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi was hearing an appeal filed by the State and Lorna against a February 2, 2012, sessions court order acquitting Lalit of the charge and convicting him only for causing grievous hurt. Earlier, on an appeal filed by Lalit against his conviction, the court suo motu issued a notice for enhancement of sentence while granting him bail.On October 28, 2007, around 3.30am, Lalit shot Lorna six times at the parking space of her Cuffe Parade residence. The siblings were in a property dispute over their family business of restaurant and bars.Lorna's advocate Ishwarprasad Bagaria said she was \"the original victim\" and hence was challenging the order. Her appeal stated that when the judge had given a finding that grievous hurt was caused and when injuries were caused by the firearm, the charge of attempt to murder was also proved. The appeal stated that two bullets, out of six fired at her, were still lodged in her body.Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia said, \"She was in hospital for 19 days.\"Kantharia submitted that the trial court had expressed negative opinion on the prosecution's ability to prove that there was intention on the part of Lalit to cause the murder of Lorna. She also submitted that the court discarded doctor's evidence, saying it was not wholly reliable. \"The court said the doctor was silent on the exact nature and number of injuries... Also, the trial court said the path of the bullets was not shown... the findings of the trial court are erroneous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14455585", "title": "Rape accused had lied to victim's family and police", "text": "MUMBAI: Pest control worker, Vilas Chavan, who was arrested for the rape of a 4-year-old girl at Dahisar West on Tuesday, had initially lied to her family and to the police that he had rescued the child from the actual perpetrator. Chavan is a distant relative of the girl. However, the police caught his bluff when they examined his clothes.The victim resides with her family on a pavement of a bridge across Dahisar river. Her parents work as conservancy workers and she has five siblings. Chavan earlier resided in the same neighbourhood before moving to Rawalpada in Dahisar East.At around 9.30pm on Tuesday, the victim was playing alongside the Dahisar river when Chavan approached her. He offered to buy her a meal if she accompanied him. The girl agreed as she was well acquainted with him. Chavan then took her to the area outside Dahisar railway station, where he fed her at a Chinese stall. Later, he took her close to the tracks through a three-feet hole in the wall, where she was raped. \"When the victim started bleeding, he carried her to her residence and told her mother that he had rescued her from an unidentified perpetrator. The girl's mother thanked him and rushed her child to the Bhagwati Hospital,\" said ACP Vijay Mestry.Meanwhile, Chavan went to the MHB Colony police station with the girl's relatives to register a case. When the police started quizzing him about the culprit's description, Chavan faltered. \"We then found that the front portion of Chavan's shirt and trouser were wet and muddy, while the back portion was clean. This appeared strange to us. On frisking him, we found a blood-soaked handkerchief. His innerwear was also stained with blood and he had been carrying it along. We immediately sent him for a medical examination and booked him on rape charges after he admitted to the offence,\" an official said.The court on Wednesday remanded Chavan to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14440324", "title": "'Government sheltering DM, SP in Bharatpur firing case by reinstatement'", "text": "JAIPUR: Muslims groups have opened a front against Bharatpur district magistrate Kunal Krishna and superintendent of police Hinglajdan over the Gopalgarh police firing in which 10 Meo Muslims were killed. The CBI probing the incident has already given a clean chit to both of them.Muslim groups, under the banner Rajasthan Muslim Forum (RMF), met National Minorities Commission chairman Wajahat Habibullah and demanded suspension of the DM and SP. They presented a fact finding report before the commission prepared by them after 10 months of the incident.In the report, the group said that the CBI is investigating the case on the basis of five FIRs filed by police while ignoring 14 others registered by victims and also ignored notifications of both state and central government in this regard.Habibullah expressed shock over the way CBI acted on five FIRs and ignored others filed by Muslims.\"The case is very serious and the commission will read all the documents to find out the truth,\" said Habibullah to the delegation.The commission found it surprising that not a single policeman has been found guilty by CBI till now even though it is evident that at least 219 rounds of bullets were fired where 10 persons, all from Muslim community, died on September 14, 2011.\"It is strange that despite prima facie involvement of the DM and SP of Bharatpur in the killings, they have now been reinstated by the state, showing its desire to shelter them somehow,\" said professor Hasan, member of RMF.The government of Rajasthan notification F-19(13) Home-5/2011, dated 21-9.2011, registered in the Gopalgarh police station clearly instructed to include all FIRs registered in the case.However, against the explicit instructions in GOR/GOI notifications, CBI ASP S S Kishore registered and investigated only 5 FIRs on October 11, 2011, excluding Muslims 14 FIRs against the DM, SP, local officers and locals accusing them of conspiracies and collusive roles in abetting the crime against them.It may be noted that since the DM and SP were not mentioned in these FIRs (including two by police officers themselves), paved the way for clean chit as there was nothing incriminating mentioned against them by SHO of Gopalgarh Thana and others.Report reveals that CBI investigated only five FIRs. Of these 2 FIRs were filed by the SHO (Adhyatam Gautam), one by a Gujjar policeman and another one by a Gujjar and one by Meo.In five FIRs, only those points were highlighted in the charge sheet favouring the administration implying that if police had not fired there would have been large scale violence.Muslim bodies also accused state government who didn't issue chargesheets or a show-cause notices to the DM and SP before or during their suspensions. The commission assured them of taking up the issue with state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "latehar ( jharkhand )", "code": "14458597", "title": "Maoists blow up panchayat building in Jharkhand", "text": "LATEHAR ( JHARKHAND ): Maoists blew up a panchayat building in Latehar district, police said on Thursday.Police said a group of rebels went to Pochara Panchayat, about 100 km from Ranchi, on Wednesday night and blew it up.The Maoists had killed a policeman, blasted railway tracks, an engine and a mobile tower during the bandh called by them on Wednesday.The bandh was called to protest against arrest of Maoist cadres in neighbouring Odisha, sentencing of some cadres in Uttar Pradesh and anti-Maoist operations by security forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14462121", "title": "Cocktail", "text": "CreditsDirector: Homi Adajani Cast: Saif Ali Khan , Deepika Padukone , Diana Penty , Randeep Hooda, Dimple Kapadia , Boman Irani Music: Pritam Release Date: July 13, 2012SynopsisCocktail is the story of Gautam (Saif), Veronica (Deepika) and Meera (Diana) and their bond of love and friendship. But when a love triangle forms between them their friendship is put to test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14455357", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Security arrangement for pilgrims reviewed", "text": "JAMMU: Security arrangements for the smooth conduct of Amarnath yatra were reviewed on Wednesday at a high-level meeting of police, civil and para-military officers in Ramban district.During the meeting, DIG Doda-Kishtwar-Ramban range Gareeb Dass instructed the officers to extend all possible support to Ramban police for peaceful and smooth conduct of Amarnath Yatra, a police spokesman said.The DIG also inaugurated the Yatra facilitation Centre which was recently constructed near Shan Palace in Ramban.Dass and SP Ramban Anil Magotra asked the territorial officers to provide all possible assistance to pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14444171", "title": "Sardesai gives ultimatum to postal department", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai gave the postal department a week's ultimatum to solve the crisis afflicting the Fatorda post office where he alleged \"more than a thousand letters\" were still stacked and yet to be distributed.While pointing out that he had spoken to the post office authority, Sardesai said that as the problem still existed, the people were left with no other option but to come on to the streets to protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14441099", "title": "Nitish Kumar bags Rs 20,000 crore package from Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after he broke away from the NDA over choice of the presidential poll nominee, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has managed to get the Centre to double the special assistance package to Rs 20,000 crore during the 12th five year (2012-17) plan.The state will get Rs 4,000 crore every year as central package. Although the assistance was promised at the time of its separation from Jharkhand , it was pegged at Rs 10,000 crore during the 11th Plan period.The increased support can somewhat offset Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's disappointment of the denial of special category status to the state as it did not meet the five parameters.During a long negotiation with the Planning Commission here on Wednesday, Bihar CM also secured approval for Delhi-like metro rail network for Patna , as well as an airport proposed to be set up in his former Lok Sabha constituency of Nalanda.What is being seen as \"Bihar bonus\" was revealed at the meeting with deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Kumar, where an annual plan of Rs 28,000 crore was finalized for the state for 2012-13, reflecting an increase in annual plan outlay by 30.9 % over last fiscal.Kumar met Ahluwalia and the chairman of PM's economic advisory council, C Rangarajan, at a dinner hosted by JD(U) MP N K Singh on Wednesday. The bonhomie comes close on the heels of Kumar's support for Congress's nominee for presidential poll Pranab Mukherjee.Ahluwalia assured Kumar that the ongoing special assistance package for the state would continue in the 12th plan. \"The Commission would be shortly seeking Cabinet approval for the package,\" he said.He announced that the Commission accepts Kumar's long-pending demand for flexibility in execution of centrally sponsored programmes. \"It is broadly acceptable to the Commission and would be supported wherever possible,\" he said, lauding Bihar for fast catching up with other developed states.Bihar CM told Plan panel that the state would be targeting a growth rate of 13% in the next plan, including 7% growth in agriculture for which a roadmap has been worked out.Plan panel was informed that the projected outlay for the 11th Plan (2007-12) was Rs 76481.77 crore (at 2006-07 prices). The total provisional expenditure in 11th Plan is about 99.42% and the actual expenditure during the first four years is estimated at about 72%. The total outlay for 12th Plan has been projected at Rs 269458.50 crore representing an increase of 352.32%.Kumar said that the major chunk of the total proposed outlay has been earmarked for social sector, primarily for education, health, water supply and sanitation. Around 37.78% of the total proposed outlay for the annual plan (2012-13) and 35.23% of the total proposed outlay for the 12th Plan has been earmarked for social sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14441628", "title": "Local body tax draws threat of agitation from NMC staff", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) employees' unions have united to protest threatened to go on an indefinite strike from July 2 if local body tax (LBT) is imposed in the district. According to the state government's orders, LBT stands to be enforced in lieu of octroi in Nashik, from July 1. In Nashik. enforcement of local body tax (LBT) from July 1. The indefinite strike would begin from Monday July 2 as July 1 is a Sunday.The state government has directed the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to start collecting LBT from July 1 in place of octroi.This decision of the government was opposed unanimously at the last NMC general body meeting which went on for nearly eight hours. Employees unions came together on Tuesday and decided to stop working indefinitely from July 2 to mark their protest against the government's decision.Chairman of the Municipal Sena, Shivaji Sahane, Tanaji Jaybhave of CITU, the chief of the Driver's Union, Gurumeet Bagga, chief of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's (MNS) Municipal Kamgar Sena, Shashi Jadhav, chief of Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) Samata Karmachari Sanghatana, Deepak Paithankar and chief of Republican Employees Federation, Rambaba Pathari, announced on Wednesday that all the unions would participate in the stir.\"A government resolution in 2010 said that LBT would be imposed in four cities and in 2011, it was brought to force in Kolhapur, Aurangabad and Amravati. It was decided to be imposed in C class municipal corporations like Nashik, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Thane. In Aurangabad and Amravati, citizens and businessmen opposed it so Bagga suggested that all unions in Nashik should oppose it. If LBT is enforced, the NMC's financial state will collapse further. It was done in a hurry and we were informed only ten days earlier. All we have is a one page order by the government to the then district collector who was also the officiating municipal commissioner,\" said Sahane.He added that the employees had begun to collect octroi sincerely and had managed to collect a healthy revenue of Rs 60 crore within one month.Bagga said that they opposed LBT but if the government could convince them that LBT was a good substitute then they would withdraw the strike. The leaders felt that a period of six months should have been given for preparing infrastructure. They pointed out that there was neither a gazette, nor registration done. There was also no proper information dissipated about LBT, so employees are clueless about their duties beginning July 1.Jaybhave said that citizens objections should have been called for while Jadhav pointed out that vehicles were at least checked for octroi which ensured security.All the basic facilities would be available for citizens and legal advice will be sought on the kind of strike after July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14446437", "title": "Thuvarankurichi demands separate taluk office", "text": "TRICHY: Travelling a distance of nearly 50 km to the taluk office in Manapparai in Trichy district has become customary for more than 1.15 lakh people of Marungapuri taluk that includes Thuvarankurichi and nearby villages. However, their demand to create another taluk office in Thuvarankurichi in Marungapuri union in order to avoid a day-long trip has so far proved to be a futile exercise.Manapparai taluk is one among the eight taluks including Trichy, Srirangam, Thiruverumbur, Lalgudi, Thuraiyur, Thottityam and Musiri of Trichy district. It comprises of the three panchayat unions of Manapparai, Vaiyampatti, Marungapuri, a town panchayat Ponnampatti and a municipality Manapparai. The entire Manapparai constituency has a population of more than three lakh. Hence, having only one taluk office in Manapparai for the whole population has become a cause for concern. People from the Manapparai panchayat union that comprises of 21 village panchayats can easily access the taluk office in Manapparai to obtain documents like a ration card, voter ID, old-age pension, land title, marriage assistance community, income, nativity certificates and other benefits from the government. However, residents from the 17 village panchayats in Vaiyampatti union have to travel about 30 km to reach the Manapparai taluk office. The situation of people from Ponnampatti town panchayat and Marungapuri union, having 49 village panchayats is worse, as they have to spend a whole day travelling to Manapparai for more than 50 km. Since most people in this area rely on agriculture to earn their living and earn a meagre amount for their survival, they find it hard to cough up the money required to travelling to the Manapparai taluk office for getting their work done. Many also fail to get their work done in one trip due to the lethargic attitude of the government officials.A Vaiyapuri, district president of the Janata Dal (United) submitted a petition to the secretary of revenue department demanding that the Manapparai taluk be divided into two, Manapparai taluk and Thuvarankurichi taluk, and create a taluk office in Thuvarankurichi. The revenue department of the Tamil Nadu government, in its letter dated 3 April 2012, forwarded the petition to the commissioner of revenue administration, Chennai to take the suggestion into consideration and sought a reply about the steps taken on the demand. Commenting on the proposal, R Chandrasekar, AIADMK MLA of Manapparai constituency told TOI that he had raised the issue in the Tamil Nadu Assembly and demanded to set up a taluk office near the panchayat union office in Marungapuri instead of Thuvarankurichi.T Thiyagarajan, Trichy district revenue officer, told TOI that the collector would decide on the matter. \"In case of any communication from the revenue secretary of the state, we will expedite the process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14445192", "title": "Protest against post-11pm TV slot for Jannat-2", "text": "MUMBAI: For probably the first time in the history of Bollywood, the revising committee of the Censor Board (CBFC) has granted a film a U/A certificate with the caveat that it can be aired on TV after 11pm, when \"most children under the age of 12 are either asleep or have parents at home to provide parental guidance\". The Maharashtra government has moved the telecast of Mukesh Bhatt's 'Jannat 2', released in theatres in May this year with an 'A' certificate, but certified U/A after cuts for TV, to the late night 'adult' time bands.This is the second Bollywood film to be relegated to the adult slot on TV in two months: Vidya Balan-starrer 'The Dirty Picture' was given the same treatment in April. Bollywood had then protested vociferously, but the government told the industry that it was a one-off decision.Directed by Kunal Deshmukh, with actors Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda and Esha Gupta as leads, Jannat 2 follows the illegal arms trade in Delhi. Producer Mukesh Bhatt told TOI that he refuses to accept the condition laid down him by the censor boar.\"I am moving the Tribunal. How can there be two different timings for films certified under one category. Agneepath, which has violence and was awarded UA, was telecast at prime time. And I have been given the graveyard slot?\" There is growing fear in Bollywood that films with UA certificates can be pushed into late night slots after the precedent set by The Dirty Picture.\"There can be no progress in our industry without a head-on confrontation with the government on this issue,\" said filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. \"We need clarity. Great uncertainty hovers over the film trade post The Dirty Pictures fiasco.\" He added that the industry has to present a united front to the government.Industry experts say pushing UA-rated films to the adult slot will hit revenue earnings. The Dirty Picture and Jannat 2 were sold to broadcasters for around Rs 10-12 crore each. A producer said, \"If broadcasters stop getting returns, they won't pay big money to the producer.\"Whatever is shown on TV, whether a film, serial or commercial, must adhere to the Cable Television Network Regulation Act. As per the code, films with UA rating can be shown on TV, but adult content can be aired only after 11pm. Until The Dirty Picture, films were telecast without restrictions. A censor board official said, \"There are some films which even after cuts and certification retain their adult theme. These are not advisable for children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14448062", "title": "Court acquits man of false rape charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has acquitted a man of the charges of raping a woman after it found out the woman and her mother were in a \"habit\" of lodging false rape cases with ulterior motives, including those for grabbing property.The court's order came after the woman admitted during her cross-examination that she had lodged a false case and had deposed before police \"at the instance of and in connivance\" with her mother, who had a \"grudge\" against the accused, who ran a shop.While absolving the charges of rape (Section 376) and criminal intimidation (Section 506) of the Indian penal code against the man, the court observed that the woman and her mother had earlier too lodged several cases of rape, some of which have already been found to be false.\"...All these circumstances are making it evident that neither the woman nor her mother has any regard for the truth and they seem to be in the habit of getting false cases registered either with a view to grab the property of other persons or for carrying out some other illegal design on their minds, best known to them,\" Additional Sessions Judge Rakesh Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14449206", "title": "Snag in website stalls floating of tender for construction work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An agenda item pertaining to the construction of the first multi-level parking lot in the city in Sector 17 was passed in the MC house meeting around two months ago, but the tender of the same work could not be floated till date.A technical snag in the official website is the reason behind this long delay and now ten more days will be taken to invite a successful bidder for this much needed project of the city. The Rs 40 crore project is an important project of the Chandigarh municipal corporation, especially at a time when parking is turning out to be a big problem in the commercial hub of the city and even the Punjab and Haryana high court has shown concern over decongesting Sector 17.\"Due to the technical snag in the official website, bidders could not participate in the tender process.The website started working on Wednesday and now we have given time of July 6 to apply for the tender of the work.It will take at-least ten to 12 more days to decide on the successful bidder\", said MC's executive engineer Vishal Gupta.The underground multilevel parking lot in Sector 17 will be first of its kind project, as the underground multilevel parking concept is new in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14444470", "title": "High court tells corporation, government to identify place to dump garbage", "text": "CHENNAI: Continuing its efforts to find a solution to the vexed Pallikaranai dumping yard problem, the Madras high court has asked the Chennai Corporation and the Tamil Nadu government as to whether they had identified any other place for dumping the municipal waste.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, issuing further directions on a public interest writ petition seeking to put out the recent fire at the dump yard and order probe by environment protection agencies, asked the Chennai Corporation to file a detailed affidavit narrating the steps taken for the full compliance of the court's order delivered in the year 2008.In March 2008, the court had formed an experts committee seeking suggestions on the suitability of the present Pallikaranai site for use as the municipal solid waste yard and measures taken to restore and protect the marshland. It also sought suggestions for remediation of the land, groundwater, flora and fauna at the site.The present round of litigation over the dumping yard commenced after a vast portion of the yard caught fire and thick smoke chocked the vicinity on June 9. The PIL, filed by S Viswanathan, noted that several studies and recommendations by various bodies including the IIT-Madras had not been acted upon, and said that the fire and smoke choked residents living neighbouring the yard and caused poor visibility for motorists.Residents had to remain confined to their houses, even as several fire tenders fought for a couple of days to bring the situation under control.Breathing difficulty, poor visibility and diversion of public transport facilities, in addition to the already existing problems such as groundwater contamination and air pollution, have left the residents distraught, the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-28"}
